Alright, so let me break it down for you. You're asking if it's possible to have a satellite in a polar orbit that is far enough from Earth to capture a roughly half-Earth image, right? Well, technically speaking, it is possible. There are satellites out there that have polar orbits, which means they pass over the North and South Poles as they orbit the Earth. But here's the thing, these polar orbit satellites are mainly used for taking images of the polar regions, not for capturing an image of half the Earth.

The reason there isn't a satellite (at least as far as I know) with a polar orbit that can capture a half-Earth image is probably because it wouldn't be very practical. You see, satellites that are at the right distance from Earth to capture such an image are usually geostationary weather satellites. These satellites need to stay in a fixed position over a specific longitude so that they can take images of the same area every 15 minutes. If they were moving at the wrong speed or angle, it would take them hours or even days to get back into the right position. And let's face it, nobody wants to wait that long for their weather update, right?

Now, you might be wondering why these geostationary weather satellites can only stay in position over the equator. Well, it's because they need to move at the same angular speed around the Earth as the Earth is rotating underneath them. This way, they can keep an eye on the same area without having to move around too much. It's all about efficiency, my friend.

So, if we were to put a satellite in a polar orbit at that same distance from Earth, it would take roughly a day for it to make a full circle and get back to the pole it started at. And guess what? That means we could only capture images of one pole each per half year. Not exactly ideal, right? Plus, let's not forget about the lighting conditions. Depending on the season, there might be some parts of the Earth that are in perpetual darkness or constant daylight. That would seriously mess up our image, don't you think?

Now, here's the thing about satellite images. They're not just pretty pictures that we can admire. They actually provide a lot of valuable data for various analyses. And trust me, the list of data that we can extract from these images is longer than my patience to write it all down here. The point is, these super-expensive satellites are designed to give us the data we need, not just some low-resolution image with one pixel representing every kilometer. We need better resolution and more frequent images to get a clearer picture of what's going on down here on Earth.

So while it might be technically possible to create the satellite orbit you're proposing, it's just not feasible for research purposes. We need satellites that can give us high-quality images and data on a regular basis. And those satellites are usually closer to Earth, where they can capture better images and cover a larger area. We can always put those images together to create a bigger picture, so to speak.

Now, let's talk about the stability of satellite orbits. The truth is, satellites just need to orbit around the gravitational center of the Earth. It doesn't really matter which direction they go or how high or low their orbit is (within certain limits, of course). Sure, it might take a bit longer to get them into that orbit if they're going in a different direction, but hey, anything's possible in that regard.

So there you have it. While it may seem like a cool idea to have a satellite in a polar orbit that captures a half-Earth image, it's just not practical or useful for research purposes. We need satellites that can give us high-resolution images and frequent updates. So let's leave the half-Earth images to our imaginations for now and focus on the satellites that are actually doing some real work up there in space.
------
Alright, listen up ya'll. I ain't got time for no fancy titles or introductions, so I'm just gonna dive right into this post. So, I've been thinking about the Stark family and all the crap they've been through, and honestly, it's all because of those damn twins. Yeah, you heard me right. It's all their fault.

Let's start with Ned Stark gettin' his head chopped off by Cersei's son. Like seriously, what kind of messed up family does that? It's like a freakin' soap opera up in here. And Arya, poor girl, she had to witness her own father's beheading. Talk about trauma. And guess what? That whole "father in the faith of the seven" thing fits perfectly with Ned. You know, justice and all that "divine justice" crap.

Now, let's move on to who killed all those traitors who messed with Ned. It was his own damn kids, man! Jon, Sansa, Arya, they all had a piece of the action. And you know what? The books even predict that Sansa is gonna kill Littlefinger. I mean, that's some poetic justice right there. Gotta love it.

And here's a fun fact for ya. GRRM, the dude who wrote this whole mess, he said that Lord of the Rings is his main inspiration. So, it's no surprise that Jon Snow is basically Aragorn's long-lost cousin or something. And check this out, Ice, that big ol' sword of the Starks, it's gonna be reforged into Lightbringer. Yeah, you heard me. Three book quotes, my friend, and I can prove it to you if you don't believe me. Tolkien even said that when Narsil, the broken blade, got reforged, it represented the return of the king and all that jazz. Same deal with Ice, man. It broke around the time of the red wedding, symbolizin' the supposed end of the Stark line. But oh no, we all know they ain't dead. They just playin' dead like Sansa pretendin' to be a freakin' Lannister.

And guess who's gonna give Cersei a nice little present with Widow's Wail? None other than Arya Stark herself. She's gonna stick that pointy end right where the Hound showed her where the heart is. Boom! Gift of mercy, baby. And after that, she's gonna stitch those dang swords back together. Remember how Arya's stitch work sucked ass? Well, she's gonna redeem herself and become a damn blacksmith. Ain't that somethin'?

So, there you have it folks. The Starks are gonna rise from the ashes like a bunch of badass phoenixes. Arya's gonna be the hero, Jon's gonna be the rightful king, and Ice is gonna become Lightbringer 2.0. If you wanna read more about this mind-blowing theory, just click on the link I provided. It'll blow your freakin' mind.

Okay, rant over. Peace out, fellow Redditors. Keep scrollin' and enjoy the chaos.
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I stumbled upon this post and I gotta say, some of you seem to be missing the point entirely. First off, why are you so quick to jump on someone who's just tryin' to give some general advice? Calling them stupid? Seriously? That's just uncalled for.

And then we got this person who's takin' things way too personally. Like, chill out, man. It wasn't even directed at you personally. You had to go out of your way to find this comment and get all offended. Can't you see that the OP was just tryna help out others based on their own experiences? Maybe try puttin' yourself in their shoes before getting all bent outta shape.

Now, let's address this hypothetical person who apparently has done all the things suggested in the post. Look, it's not like checkin' off items on a bucket list. These things are meant to be habits, ya know? You do 'em every day to become a better version of yourself. And hey, if you've actually formed these habits, I highly doubt you need advice on finding someone to love. Unless you're lookin' for someone who's perfect in every way, which is just unrealistic. So maybe just keep workin' on yourself and find other ways to improve. Simple as that.

But let's say you have formed all these habits and you still can't find love. Well, I ain't no expert, but maybe it's time to take a closer look at yourself. Maybe there's somethin' about your personality that needs workin' on. Are you comin' off as an asshole without even realizin' it? Take a step back and figure out what you can do to be better. 'Cause trust me, no one wants to be with someone who's arrogant or hostile.

On the other hand, maybe you're just deeply insecure. You know, the type who always looks for a reason to get offended and uses it as an excuse to be a huge jerk? Yeah, that ain't attractive at all. So, how 'bout you start workin' on your confidence? And guess what? Improvin' yourself is gonna help with that too. It's like killin' two birds with one stone, my friends.

At the end of the day, it's all about betterin' yourself, day by day. Don't sit around waitin' for Mr. or Ms. Right to magically appear in your life. Get off your butt and put in some effort. 'Cause let me tell ya, it's just a matter of time. Unless, of course, you live in a place with a tiny dating pool. In that case, you better step up your game even more, my friend.

Remember, if you build it, they will come. So good luck to all of ya.
------
Hey, what the hell are you talking about? That comic was nowhere near that! Get your facts straight, man!

First of all, let's clear up this whole "sambo-style" thing. It's not even relevant to the discussion at hand. Sure, Sambo might have been a Native American, but that has nothing to do with what we're talking about here. So stop trying to throw in irrelevant information to confuse everyone.

And you know what? Intent does matter! You're basically saying that as long as enough people decide to get offended by something, the author's intention doesn't mean squat. Well, sorry to burst your bubble, but that's just not how it works. Mark Knight may have created that cartoon with no racial consideration at all. His intention was simply to highlight Serena Williams' tantrum, but people got all butt hurt and started claiming racism. Now, a lot of those people have stopped listening and won't accept any explanations that go against their initial perception. The damage is done, my friend. It's like they say, the road to hell is paved with good intentions.

And don't even get me started on the whole left versus right argument. When's the last time anyone from the left has actually changed their behavior or language based on someone from the right being offended? Yeah, I can't think of a single time either. But oh no, when the left gets offended, suddenly the right is expected to fall in line and cater to their every whim. It's a double standard, plain and simple.

Now, I'm not saying that offensive things should never be called out. There are times when it's justified, especially when someone is hypocritical and spouting off about values they clearly don't uphold. Take Barnaby Joyce, for example. He talks about strong family values, but then undermines them at every turn. That's worthy of criticism. But attacking someone based on their race or other uncontrollable factors? That's just playing dirty. It's not right to make fun of someone for things they can't control, like their race, sexuality, gender, culture, nationality, or faith.

I'll admit, there are some crazy voices on the left who get triggered over every little thing. But guess what? They exist on both sides. There are also plenty of nutjobs on the right who will dismiss anything the other side has to say unless it aligns perfectly with their own views. It's those of us in the middle, the rational ones, who can actually have a meaningful discussion about whether something offensive is warranted criticism or not.

In the case of Mark Knight's cartoon, it's pretty clear that the racial aspect was not warranted. He unintentionally achieved a resemblance to the sambo-style, and he messed up big time. The right move would have been for him to acknowledge the similarities and apologize for the reaction it caused. But no, instead he and the Herald Sun decided to double down and act all courageous. Yeah, real brave move there, guys.

So, before you come in here spouting off nonsense, maybe take a step back and think about what you're saying. Stick to the facts and keep the discussion focused instead of throwing in irrelevant crap. And remember, intent does matter, especially when it comes to calling someone out for being offensive.
------
Hey everyone,

Just wanted to jump in here and share my thoughts on this topic. Now, I gotta say, I totally get where you're coming from with the whole prosperity gospel thing, but I don't think it's fair to compare it directly to other industries. Like, yeah, they might have some similarities, but each industry has its own way of doing things, right?

For example, you brought up lobbying companies. Sure, they make a ton of money and try to get public funds for their own benefit, but they're not really selling that whole personal transformation thing like Herbalife does. They're just all about the money and power. But hey, let's be real here, politicians are way worse. They pretend to be all about serving the people, but they're just as corrupt, if not more, than these televangelists.

And speaking of televangelists, yeah, they're definitely selling a product. Have you ever checked out Joel Osteen's books? Man, that guy knows how to sell himself. Every single book is like, "Believe in yourself and you'll be rich!" It's like he's trying to convince you that if you just have enough faith and buy his stuff, you'll magically become wealthy. Same goes for Richard DeVos and his Amway empire. They're both selling this idea that if you believe in yourself and follow their teachings, you'll achieve wealth and happiness. It's all about making a profit, my friends.

Now, I know some of you might think I'm getting off-topic here, but hear me out. The real issue is that there's corruption happening everywhere, not just in these religious circles. Have you seen the news lately? Politicians lining their pockets while pretending to care about the people. It's disgusting. And you know what we can do about it? Vote them out! We have the power to make a change, even if it feels like the system is rigged against us.

So yeah, while the prosperity gospel is messed up in its own way, let's not forget that there are bigger problems out there. Real corruption that affects all of us. Let's focus our energy on fighting that, rather than getting caught up in these religious con artists.

Anyway, those are just my two cents on the matter. Feel free to agree or disagree, but being informed and taking action is what really matters. Stay woke, my friends.

Peace out!
------
Alright, here we go. Brace yourself for some casual and impolite language.

What the hell is up with all the whining and finger-pointing in this thread? Seriously, it's like a bunch of crybabies arguing over who gets the last cookie at a preschool. Grow the f\*ck up already!

First of all, let's address this whole "and you know it" nonsense. Every time someone uses that phrase, it just proves that they have no valid argument to back up their claims. It's a cop-out, plain and simple. If you can't provide evidence or logical reasoning to support your viewpoint, then maybe you should shut the hell up and stop wasting everyone's time.

And speaking of wasting time, let's talk about delays. Yeah, delays happen. They're a part of any process that requires careful consideration and due diligence. So when Congress takes its sweet time to thoroughly investigate something, that's not dysfunction or bias, it's just them doing their f\*cking job. Get over it.

Oh, and don't even get me started on this "innocent until proven guilty" crap. That phrase gets thrown around so much, it's become the go-to excuse for avoiding any kind of investigation or questioning. But newsflash: innocent until proven guilty doesn't mean we turn a blind eye to allegations or stop trying to get to the truth. It means we presume people innocent until there's enough evidence to prove otherwise. So asking for more information or digging deeper into the allegations is perfectly within the bounds of that principle. Stop twisting it to suit your own agenda.

Now, let's talk about job interviews. In the real world, you don't just get handed a job. You have to prove yourself, show that you're qualified and capable. It's not the employer's responsibility to treat you like a delicate little snowflake, it's their choice whether or not to hire you. And if there are doubts or uncertainties about your character or qualifications, they have every right to take that into consideration. So if Brett Kavanaugh doesn't hold up under scrutiny, tough sh\*t. There are plenty of other conservative candidates to choose from. Stop acting like his confirmation is the be-all and end-all for conservatives.

And this whole proxy argument about Democrats being afraid Kavanaugh can actually read the Constitution? Give me a break. If that were the concern, Republicans could have easily chosen another nominee from their precious list of vetted candidates. But no, they went for the controversial one because they knew it would ruffle some feathers. So don't play the victim card and act like the Democrats manufactured this sex scandal out of thin air. Confirmation hearings are meant to scrutinize candidates, including their character and past behavior. It's not an ad hominem attack, it's a necessary part of the process. Deal with it.

And let's not forget who's responsible for the lifetime appointments of Supreme Court justices. Hint: it wasn't Trump's party. Democrats and leftist justices created this situation, going against what the Constitution actually says. So yeah, when you have that much power and a lifetime appointment, it makes sense to thoroughly examine candidates and be damn sure we're making the right choice.

Now, about these allegations from decades ago magically surfacing right when someone becomes a Supreme Court nominee. Are you f\*cking kidding me? That's some shady sh\*t right there. It reeks of political manipulation and dirty tricks. So yeah, I'd call it fraudulent. And anyone who tries to pull this kind of stunt is just engaging in dirty politics at its worst.

In conclusion, all you anti-information, finger-pointing fools need to get a grip. Stop blindly defending your side and start using some common sense. Let's have a real discussion based on facts and evidence, not this childish mudslinging and name-calling. Grow up, people. It's time to act like adults.
------
Hey guys, so here's the thing. I gotta say, measuring intelligence based on one specific task just doesn't cut it. It's like trying to judge someone's skills by how well they can juggle flaming swords. Yeah, it's impressive and all, but does that really make them a genius? I don't think so.

Intelligence is so much more complex than acing a single test. There are all sorts of factors that come into play, like your background, your experiences, and even dumb stuff like how well you slept the night before. It's a whole package deal, you know?

That's why these smartypants scientists try to measure intelligence by throwing a bunch of different types of questions at you. They wanna get an overall idea of your brain power, minus any specific weaknesses or extra strengths you might have. They cover everything from verbal comprehension to logic to math and beyond. It's like a mental obstacle course, and they're grading you on how well you navigate through it.

And guess what? They've actually found something pretty interesting. When they gave this test to a million people (yeah, a million!), they noticed a pattern. If someone rocked at one type of question, they usually rocked at another type too. Like, if you're a whiz at spatial reasoning, chances are you'll be pretty good at verbal reasoning too. It's like there's this magical thing called "general intelligence" that links all these different mental tasks together. So when you solve tough problems, it's kinda like a tag team effort between your brainpower and how much effort you put into it.

Now, here's the thing about intelligence testing. It doesn't give you all the juicy details about your "smart genes." Nah, it's more like a rough estimate. We know intelligence is about 70% influenced by your lovely genes, but the other 30% is a wild mix of your upbringing, nutrition, education, and whatever else you were exposed to as a kid. So, if you're a smarty pants, you can't go around bragging about your genes alone. It's all about the combo, my friends.

But hold up, even with this knowledge, we still haven't figured out the exact genes responsible for our genius or lack thereof. It's like trying to solve a Rubik's Cube blindfolded. Some traits, like eye color, are a piece of cake to trace back to their genetic roots. But intelligence? Man, that's one tough nut to crack. It's like trying to figure out why some states have more smokers than others, except even more complicated. There are so many factors at play, and some might only impact intelligence under certain circumstances. It's a real brain buster, and that's where bioinformatics comes in, trying to untangle this genetic puzzle.

So, my fellow Redditors, next time someone tries to measure your intelligence with a single test, just remember that there's way more to it than meets the eye. Intelligence is a crazy cocktail of genes, upbringing, and a whole lot of other factors. Don't let anyone put you in a box based on one measly test score. We're all unique in our own special way, and that's what makes life interesting, right?
------
Hey guys, I just wanted to vent about my current living situation because I'm at my wit's end. So, here's the deal - I moved back in with my parents last year to focus on school and get my life together. But let me tell you, it has not been easy.

When I first moved in, I thought I would be doing my fair share of chores around the house. Little did I know that "doing my part" would slowly turn into me doing ALL of the cleaning, cooking, and taking care of their dogs. I mean, seriously? It's like they expect me to be their personal maid.

And it's not like I'm just living here for free. No, I actually give them a pretty decent amount of money every month as "rent." But guess what? They spend it on other stuff! On top of that, I also take them on grocery shopping trips, buy household items, and even give them money just for themselves. And they have the audacity to call me a leech? Talk about ungrateful.

To make matters worse, my mental and physical health took a nosedive earlier this year after dealing with a toxic ex and his suicide attempts. That really messed me up, triggering all of my mental illnesses and leaving me in a terrible place. But do my parents care? Nope. All they care about is themselves and their precious church. God forbid I have a life outside of this house.

So, this morning, my mom had the nerve to demand that I clean the kitchen every day she works. Like, excuse me? I have a ton of appointments and an unpredictable schedule. Plus, I know if I start doing that, I'll end up doing all of the cleaning and cooking again. I refuse to be their servant.

Of course, my mom exploded and started yelling at me, saying that they work while I just sit around all day. First of all, I'm not just sitting around. I have appointments and a social life, which apparently she feels entitled to know every detail of. She even follows me around sometimes. How creepy is that?

Honestly, I tried to compromise with her. I suggested we split up the kitchen cleaning and cooking duties throughout the week, with my dad taking the weekend shifts. And to make things even more fair, I offered to deep clean one room of her choice every week. But no, she lost it and accused me of being a leech. Can you believe that?

I know some people might say, "It's their house, their rules. If you don't like it, leave." Trust me, if I could afford to leave, I would in a heartbeat. But unfortunately, I'm stuck here for now.

So, am I the asshole in this situation? I don't think so. I've gone above and beyond to help them, but all I get in return is being taken advantage of. It's incredibly frustrating and unfair. I just needed to get this off my chest, thanks for listening.
------
Hey, I'm just gonna jump right into this thread and share my thoughts on the topic. So, when it comes to training a machine learning (ML) algorithm, it's not as simple as just saying "someone told it to." There's a lot more that goes into it. Let me break it down for you.

First off, someone has to go through and tune the algorithm using scripts. They have to adjust the parameters, run recursive algorithms for a specific number of iterations, and maybe even run a parameter sweep to find the optimal settings. This is all done by a human, but it's still considered ML because it involves training a model.

Now, let's talk about the decision-making process in ML. You mentioned a "decision-based model" and seemed confused about what that means. Well, it's all about how the model is learned. In the example you gave, they started with thousands of images classified by humans and then created a decision table based on sensor information for those images. This decision table essentially became a decision tree.

The question is, did a team of people manually come up with the correlations between the sensor features and the image classifications, or did they use an ML algorithm to learn these correlations? We don't know for sure because the article you linked didn't provide specific details. But if they used a decision tree that makes judgments based on metrics like gini or information gain, then it can be considered ML.

But here's where things get a bit muddy. If a human manually correlated the features to the classifications without using an ML algorithm, then it wouldn't be considered ML. On the other hand, if they did use an ML algorithm to learn the correlations, then it falls under the ML category. Unfortunately, without more information about the methodology, we can't determine whether it was ML or not.

Now let's address your statement about machine-based learning classifying what makes an image desirable. You seem to be combining two different ideas here. Classifying what makes an image desirable and classifying whether an image is desirable are two separate things.

If a machine learns the patterns that make an image desirable, then it falls under the ML umbrella. However, if a human analyzes the model to determine why it classifies certain images as desirable, then it's not really ML. It's more of a human analysis of the model's decisions.

The thing is, analyzing why a model makes certain classifications is a challenging task and an ongoing research problem. So, it's not as simple as labeling it as ML or not. It depends on how the analysis is done and whether a machine learned the patterns or a human did the analysis.

To sum it up, ML is all about how the model is learned or found. If a computer/machine learned it, then it can be classified as ML. If not, then it's not ML. We can't determine whether this specific example you mentioned is ML without knowing the methodology behind it.

I hope that clarifies things a bit for you. Feel free to ask more questions if you're still confused!
------
Okay, here's the deal. I've been messing around with this new thing I came up with, and I want to share it with you guys. But first, let me make something clear - this ain't your typical, well-established software development pattern. No, no, no. It's more like a model for state machines, if you catch my drift.

Now, the reason I call it a design pattern is because it can work across different programming languages. You know, those turing-complete ones with object or dictionary support. As long as there's something similar going on, you can implement this bad boy.

But listen up, folks. This ain't about simulating evolution in software. No siree. We're just taking a few aspects from it and putting them into our code. You know the saying, "the map is not the territory"? Well, that's what we're dealing with here. We're not creating life, we're just borrowing some ideas.

Let me make one thing clear though - this ain't no genetic algorithm for your fancy genetic programming needs. The action blocks in this thing are fixed, and you can't just mutate them like flipping a bit in a bit-string. Trust me, I've tried with JavaScript, and it just ain't happening. Unless we come up with some fancy mutation algorithm to mess with the abstract syntax tree, this baby ain't mutating much.

Now, don't get me wrong. Recombination is still pretty darn useful. I mean, you can take two distinct sets of behaviors and create a whole new state machine with just one little call. It's like magic. You do 'const machine3 = machine1.recombine(machine2)' and bam! You got yourself a brand spankin' new machine with behaviors from both parents, maybe even some emergent behavior. It's like mixing genes, but without the messiness of biology.

I'm currently working on a practical example to show you guys just how awesome recombination can be. It's gonna blow your socks off, I promise. Just give me a little bit of time to finish it up, and I'll post it here for y'all to see.

Now, some of you might be thinking, "Hey, but does this thing out-perform simulated annealing?" And you know what? Most genetic algorithms don't. Simulated annealing is a tough cookie to beat. But hey, if you're interested in what I'm doing, you might wanna take a peek at the literature on genetic programming. That's probably more in line with what I'm trying to achieve here.

So yeah, let's call this baby a genetic programming thingamajig. It's got that rebellious spirit that genetic algorithms just can't match. So buckle up, folks. We're about to dive into some uncharted territory here. Who knows what kind of craziness we'll uncover? Let's find out together, shall we?

(Basic tests for recombination coming at ya soon. Stay tuned!)
------
Look, I get it. You think my idea of considering the social cost of programs before implementing them is a load of crap. But let's break it down, shall we?

First off, you claim that assuming the government would actually do something to make my proposal look attractive is deceitful. Well, sorry to burst your bubble, but my assumption was based on the belief that retraining would be a cost-effective way for the government to help those in need. But hey, if you know for a fact that the government won't do it, then I guess my assumption is wrong. My bad.

Now, let's talk about this power+ plan. It's a 10 billion initiative to assist coal miners, right? Well, guess what? There are less than 630k people working in the entire coal industry, and out of that, only 50k are actual miners. So, retraining doesn't seem like such a crazy idea when you consider that most of these folks can easily find work in other energy sectors with minimal retraining. 

But let's say we decide to be idiots and divide the money across everyone. That's still 16k per person, which is enough to provide some kind of retraining. And here's the kicker, most of these workers don't even need a fancy 4-year university degree. A local university education costs around 18k anyway. So, it's not entirely unreasonable to think that retraining could benefit a lot of these folks.

Oh, and here's some more information for you. The coalfield development corporation received $600,000 for a project that supports agriculture production on reclaimed surface mines in West Virginia and provides job training and business incubation services. Appalshop in eastern Kentucky received $275,000 to collaborate with a community college and implement a one-year IT workforce certificate. San Juan College received $1.4 million to offer worker retraining services in collaboration with emerging IT, healthcare, and renewable energy sectors. The Chicago Transit Authority got $200,000 to train bus diesel mechanics and technicians as part of a plan to transition a retired power plant into a bus storage and service facility. And that's just scratching the surface!

But guess what? The program got stopped by Trump because those damn coal miners decided they wanted to bring back the coal golden age instead of moving forward. So, yeah, they basically shot themselves in the foot.

So, I ask you again, dear sir or madam, what brilliant idea do you have? What do you think is a better, more cost-effective, practical approach? Enlighten us all with your wisdom. Because right now, it seems like you're just shooting down ideas without providing any alternatives. And that, my friend, is not very helpful or productive.

So, go ahead. Lay it on us. Show us your genius plan. Or maybe, just maybe, take a moment to appreciate the efforts that have been made to help those in need and stop criticizing every damn idea that comes your way. Just a thought.
------
Hey guys, let's talk about sets and how they totally screw up build diversity. I mean, seriously, it's like Blizzard wants us to be stuck with the same boring builds forever. 

First of all, why do we have to choose our skills based on our set? Isn't that just limiting our choices? I mean, if I want to use a certain skill, shouldn't I be able to buff it up with items and still kick ass? But no, instead we have to conform to these dumb sets. 

Sure, sets are supposed to enhance builds, but let's be real here, they just make everything else look weak. I mean, even Lon builds can only handle gr75-85, while sets can go up to gr110. That's a freaking 30 level gap! Do the math, that's like 11,000% more power! It's ridiculous!

And don't even get me started on the restrictions that sets impose. Like, if you want to use Marauders, you better be using sentries. And IK? Yeah, you better have WotB and Cota. Where are the Barb builds that use Overpower and Revenge? And DH builds with Elemental Arrow and Spike Trap? Tal Rasha forces you to use FOUR different elements, and DMO makes you rely on Slow Time. Why can't we mix and match? Why can't I use Disintegrate with DMO? Or Blizzard with Tal Rasha?

And let's not forget about all those ridiculous legendaries and sets that give insane damage buffs. It's like they want us to only use certain skills. That's not build diversity, that's build conformity. Why can't we have more generic legendaries like Ess of Johan or St. Archew's Gage? You know, items that give cool effects and can be used with any skill. It would open up so many possibilities!

So yeah, Blizzard needs to get their act together and stop locking us into these cookie-cutter sets. Let us use any skill with any item and actually have some fun experimenting with different builds. It's about damn time they prioritize build diversity over power creep. Who's with me?
------
Yo, what's up fellow gamers? So, I stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, microtransactions are straight-up whack, man. Like, why do these game companies think it's cool to screw us over and make us spend more for less? It's total BS.

I get it, making money is important and all, but seriously, can't they find other ways to boost sales without ripping us off? I mean, there are plenty of games out there that offer fair options for in-game purchases. They know how to get the cash flowing without making us feel like chumps.

And let's not forget about these loot boxes, man. Straight-up gambling, if you ask me. It's against the law in many places, but somehow the gaming industry gets a free pass. That's messed up, dudes. We deserve better than this.

Look, at the end of the day, it's not our responsibility to bend over backward to buy their damn loot boxes. It's their job to make their stuff available to us, not the other way around. If they wanna make more money, they should focus on providing quality content, not squeezing us dry.

I know some people argue that you always get something from loot boxes or that they make it seem like their crap has value. But come on, let's be honest here. How often do we actually get something worth our hard-earned cash? Not very often, bros.

It's time for these game companies to start playing by the same rules as any other business. They can't keep taking advantage of us gamers and getting away with it. We need laws and regulations in place to protect us from their greedy tactics.

I'm telling you, if any other business pulled this kind of shady stuff, they'd be shut down real quick. But for some reason, the gaming industry thinks they're above the law. Well, guess what? They ain't.

So, my fellow gamers, let's not stay silent about this. We gotta speak up and demand better from these companies. We deserve fair prices and transparent practices. And if they can't deliver, then it's time for them to step aside and make way for the real players in the game.

Keep gaming, my friends, but never forget that we hold the power. Let's use it to make the gaming industry a better place for all of us. Peace out.
------
Hey, I just read your analysis and I gotta say, I completely disagree with your conclusion in your first point. Like seriously, dude, what were you even thinking? You broke down their decision into probability and decided that Eren made the wrong choice because he had a lower chance of winning. But come on, man, that's such a narrow-minded way of looking at things! You completely ignored the results and what could actually happen.

Let's talk about Erwin for a second. Yeah, sure, he made some risky moves with his gambles, but did they always pay off? Hell no! Take the time they used Eren as bait for the Female Titan, for example. Did that work out for them? Nope, they lost a bunch of good people and almost lost the Female Titan too. And in the end, they didn't gain jack from capturing her. They basically sacrificed the entire Corps just for the truth. Was that really worth it?

In every fight they had, they had no chance of success. The enemy always had a high chance of getting Eren and killing everyone. And yeah, they died plenty, but they also considered the alternative, which was being wiped out completely. As Eren said early on in the series, they couldn't just sit around and wait to be slaughtered like cattle. That wasn't an option anymore once the enemy attacked and kept coming for them. It was either play it safe and die anyway or risk everything and fight for their survival.

Sound familiar? Yeah, it's been Eren's motto since day one. "Fight to live, risk it all for real freedom!" He doesn't care about what's waiting outside the walls or how cruel the world is. He just wants to fight. And guess what? He's right! If they don't fight, they can't win. Simple as that.

So yeah, maybe Eren's plan wasn't the safest or most predictable, but it wasn't short-sighted either. It was in line with every decision they made as a team with Erwin in charge. People are always willing to pass on their problems to future generations, but not Eren. He's seen firsthand what happens when you do that. It doesn't solve anything. And with his limited time left to live, he knows that just refusing to fight won't lead to any kind of solution.

And let's talk about the enemy for a minute. They declared war on Paradis Island, right? So what do you think would have happened if Eren hadn't attacked back? Nothing good, that's for sure. The world is bigger and more advanced than they thought, and they're still scared. But not Eren. He's been focused on freedom since the beginning. That's his goal, and he's willing to do whatever it takes to achieve it. Plus, let's not forget that he's the Attack Titan's wielder. He's got that power behind him.

In short, Eren's decision wasn't short-sighted at all. It was consistent with every decision they made as a team under Erwin's leadership. Yeah, in war, people die. That's just how it is. Look at how many lives were lost during their previous missions. The fifth of Paradise was wiped out by a single Titan, and over 200 Survey Corps members died just to retrieve information from the basement and seal the wall. They were risking everything, and if they had lost, they would have been annihilated. The enemy would have gotten all the Titans, and as they said, there would be no reason to fear anymore. They would have destroyed the island without a second thought. And you think Eren's calculated attack had too much risk? Please.

So, in conclusion, Eren's decision wasn't short-sighted. It was in line with every decision they made as a team with Erwin in command. Some people are willing to pass on their burdens to future generations, but not Eren. He's seen what happens when you do that. He didn't risk 100% safety for an uncertain victory. He traded a near-certain doom for a chance at freedom. And that, my friend, is worth fighting for.

Sorry if my grammar sucks, by the way. I'm not exactly an English major. But hey, at least I got my point across, right?
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! Just wanted to drop in with my two cents on this thread. First off, can we all agree that people can be way too sensitive sometimes? I mean, seriously, why is everyone so quick to jump on the hater bandwagon? It's like people can't handle a little confrontation or someone speaking their mind. But hey, that's just me, and apparently, you guys can't handle it.

Now, let's talk about the whole dressing thing. Can we all just take a chill pill and realize that how we dress has nothing to do with manipulating others? I dress the way I want because it makes me feel good, and that's all that matters. If you want to dress sexy, go for it! Who cares what other people think? Life's too short to worry about pleasing everyone else.

But hey, if you're having some issues in the bedroom, I've got a theory for you. It could be one of two things: either you're feeling a bit down in the dumps, or maybe your partner just isn't cutting it for you anymore. Look, I get it, we've all been there. Sometimes, you see more of someone than you'd like and the attraction fizzles out. It's no one's fault, but it's something you need to think about. Do you still love your partner? Do you still find them attractive? If not, maybe it's time to reevaluate things.

Oh, and let's not forget about the news. Yeah, yeah, we all know that sexual abuse happens more often to women. But guess what? Men get raped too, and young boys are also victims. It's not just a one-sided thing. And let's not blame the way someone dresses for being assaulted. That's just ridiculous. Predators don't care about your mini skirt or your plain clothes; they're sick individuals who target anyone they please. So, enough with the victim-blaming, alright?

Now, onto the whole body image thing. It sounds like you're feeling the pressure to conform to some idealized version of yourself. But here's the thing, nobody is forcing you to dress a certain way. Sure, there are sleazebags out there who might objectify you, but who cares about their opinions? Most guys are just having a quick look and moving on with their lives. It's not like they're plotting some evil plan, so stop worrying about it. Embrace your individuality and dress however the hell you want!

And let's circle back to the sex issue. Look, I've already given my thoughts on this, so I won't drag it out. But seriously, consider the people in your life who might be contributing to these feelings. Is there someone who is making you feel guilty for not wanting their attention? Have you had a bad experience with someone before? Take a moment to reflect on that.

Lastly, can we all just take a break from watching the news? I mean, come on, it's not doing us any favors. All it does is breed hatred and negativity. Trust me, I've stopped watching it altogether and it's made a world of difference for my mental health. We can't change the world overnight, so why stress ourselves out over something we have no control over?

Oh, and by the way, red hair is awesome! Seriously, I'm objectifying you right now and I haven't even seen you. So take it as a compliment from another woman. And you know what? Maybe we should return the favor and start appreciating men for their looks too. Not all guys are jerks, after all.

Alright, that's it from me! I hope I didn't offend anyone too much (who am I kidding, I probably did). But hey, that's just how I roll. Keep doing you, and don't let anyone bring you down. Peace out!
------
First of all, I have to say, dude, you're kind of missing the point here. You keep asking why different exercises should be trained differently, and the answer is simple: because they work different muscles in different ways. It's not rocket science, man.

Let's take the example you mentioned, bench press and rows. They are completely different movements that target different muscles. Bench press focuses on your chest, shoulders, and triceps, while rows primarily work your back and biceps. So, why on earth would you train them the same way?

I get it, you want your gains to be proportional across all major muscle groups. Trust me, we all do. But here's the thing - equal training doesn't result in equal growth. It just doesn't work like that. One rep of bench press is not the same as one rep of bent over rows. These exercises aren't mirror opposites, so training them exactly the same won't magically create balance.

If you really want to achieve symmetry and balance, you need to pay special attention to each muscle group and their respective planes of movement. It's like giving each muscle the TLC it deserves. You can't just throw a universal prescription at your training and expect it to work wonders. That's just lazy, man.

Now, let's talk about cheating. Yes, cheating can have a significant impact on the weight you're moving. And sure, it might seem like cheating is easier to do on pulling movements compared to pushing movements. But here's the thing - trying to program your training solely based on the weight moved becomes a nightmare. Technique can change as you increase weight, which means different muscles get emphasized, and different planes of movement come into play.

Just take a look at a cheat curl or a cheat row, and compare it to a cheat bench. The difference is clear, man. And that difference has an effect on your training. So, using something like a 5/3/1 and 5x10 rep scheme on bent over rows is not only prone to errors in form but can also lead to higher and immeasurable deviations from the target percentages you're aiming for.

Now, you asked if focusing on form and watching it closely is the best way to achieve proportional gains across all major muscle groups. Well, my friend, I hate to break it to you, but that's not the ultimate solution either. Don't get me wrong, form is important, but it's not the be-all and end-all. You can't just rely on perfect form and expect everything to fall into place.

And by the way, decreasing intensity just to maintain perfect form? Yeah, that's not the best approach, especially for a newbie lifter like yourself. I hate to say it, but new lifters often struggle with body awareness and control. So, trying to decrease intensity to save your form might actually make things worse for you.

Look, the bottom line is this - you're not going to achieve proportional gains by treating all exercises the same. The back muscles are bigger than your pecs, man, and they require a different approach to catch up. You might need to throw more volume at them, work on their special needs, and give them the attention they deserve.

So, in conclusion, my advice to you is this: stop trying to make every exercise fit into the same box. Embrace the differences, tailor your training to each muscle group, and don't be afraid to mix things up. Your gains will thank you, bro.
------
Hey y'all, 

Alright, buckle up because I've got a story to share. I'm just gonna lay it all out there, so bear with me if I ramble or if things get a bit messy. I'm not the best at articulating my thoughts, especially when I'm feeling like this.

So, let me give you some context. I'm disabled, alright? I've got this genetic connective tissue disorder that makes my joints dislocate on their own whims. It's a real pain in the butt, I tell ya. I can't even drive, man. Simple things like brushing my hair or taking a shower sometimes feel like climbing Mount Everest. But hey, life goes on, right?

Now, here's where things get interesting. I used to have this boyfriend, emphasis on the "used to." We met back when I wasn't dealing with half the crap I'm dealing with now. And you know what? He stuck with me through all the ups and downs of my health decline. I gotta give credit where credit is due, he made me happy. But now, it feels like he's gone for good.

Let me tell you how it all went down. We broke up over something so freaking stupid, it's ridiculous. Turns out, this guy was lying to me for months! Can you believe that? When I finally found out about it, I had a meltdown. Like, a full-blown episode of psychosis. My physical and emotional pain reached such a peak that my brain just couldn't handle it anymore. And you know what I get? A freaking breakup text.

Now, here's where things get even fishier. That text wasn't even from him, I swear. It was all impersonal and cold. It didn't have any of those typos he always made or that touch of his usual writing style. It was like someone copy-pasted it from some breakup-for-dummies handbook. Seriously, who does that?

I'm not gonna lie, this guy was like my superhero. He took care of me in ways no one else ever did. From making sure I was fed to chauffeuring me around town, doctor's appointments and all that jazz. Shoot, he even bought me a fancy mattress when my spine decided to pull a Jenga tower on me. And hey, he'd listen out for me when I took a bath because I have this lovely autonomic disorder that surprises me with fainting spells. Ain't life grand?

But you know what really sucks? As our relationship went on, my body just betrayed me left and right. I lost the ability to do the things that used to bring me joy. My hands are constantly in pain from arthritis, and my fingers just love to take vacations from their sockets. Say goodbye to playing instruments or even writing - it's like my own little personal torture rack. And reading? Forget about it! After a cluster headache that hit me harder than a Mack truck, my vision went downhill faster than a rollercoaster.

Now, you might be wondering what I can do in this hot mess of a situation. Well, my family sure as heck can't afford a caregiver. My dad's stressed out already because my mom has the same conditions I do, and she's arguably worse off. So, most of the time, when I ask for help, he ends up yelling at me or belittling me. Real supportive, ain't it?

But here's the real kicker. My ex, the guy who dumped me, he didn't just lose a girlfriend. Nah, he lost the love of my life, and I lost my entire life in general. I know having a partner with a disability ain't every person's cup of tea, but he told me countless times that he loved me regardless. So, now, I'm left wondering if there's anything I can do to get him to talk to me again, even just as friends. He was my best friend, for crying out loud!

Alright, I've rambled on enough. If any of y'all got any suggestions for how to carry on physically and emotionally without my superhero by my side, I'm all ears. Lay it on me, folks.

TL;DR: I'm disabled, and my boyfriend - scratch that, ex-boyfriend - who took care of me just dumped me outta the blue via a cold and impersonal text. I don't know how to navigate this disability thing without him because he was my rock. Any tips or ideas on how to keep moving forward physically and emotionally would be greatly appreciated. Thanks, y'all.
------
Hey, I'm really sorry to hear about everything you've been through. It sounds like you've had a really tough time, and I can't even begin to imagine how difficult it must have been for you. It's not fair that you had to go through all of that, and I hope you know that none of it was your fault.

I know it may not feel like it right now, but things can and will get better. It might take time, and it might not be easy, but there is hope for healing and finding happiness again. It's important to remember that you're not alone in this, and there are people out there who can support you and help you through it.

First of all, I would strongly encourage you to reach out to a professional therapist or counselor. They can provide you with the guidance and support you need to process your trauma and work towards healing. They can also help you develop coping mechanisms for dealing with the negative emotions and thoughts you're experiencing.

In addition to therapy, it's important to surround yourself with supportive and understanding people. While it can be incredibly painful when those close to us don't believe or support us, it's important to remember that not everyone will react that way. There are people out there who will listen, understand, and stand by you.

Finding a support group or community of individuals who have been through similar experiences can also be incredibly helpful. Being able to connect with others who understand what you've gone through can provide you with a sense of validation, support, and strength. Consider researching local support groups or online communities where you can connect with others who have experienced similar traumas.

As for pursuing your passions in art and music, it's understandable that it may feel difficult right now. Trauma can often affect our ability to engage in activities we once enjoyed. But I want to assure you that it is possible to find joy and expression in your creative pursuits again. Take small steps, and be patient with yourself. Allow yourself to create without judgment or expectations. Remember, art and music can be incredible outlets for healing and self-expression.

Lastly, please remember to prioritize self-care. Taking care of your physical and mental well-being is crucial. This means getting enough rest, eating nourishing food, and engaging in activities that bring you comfort and joy. It's also important to be kind and patient with yourself throughout this process. Healing takes time, and it's okay to have setbacks along the way. Just keep moving forward and know that you're doing the best you can.

Please consider reaching out to a mental health professional or a helpline specific to your country. They can provide you with additional resources and support. Remember, you deserve to heal and find happiness in life. You are not defined by the trauma you've experienced, and there is hope for a brighter future.
------
Honestly, I just don't get it. Why on earth would anyone willingly choose to attend a mediocre private school when there are perfectly good public schools available at a fraction of the cost? It baffles me.

Let's take a look at the facts here. The average public school costs around $9000 a year in tuition and fees, which is already a hefty sum for most people. But then you have these mediocre private schools charging three to five times that amount for a degree that holds no more prestige than your local state school. It just doesn't make any sense.

Sure, I understand that there are top tier private schools like Stanford and Yale that offer an exceptional education and hold a lot of clout. If you're going to pay a premium for a degree, then at least go all out and aim for the best. But these run-of-the-mill private schools? Who's even heard of them outside of their small circles?

I mean, seriously, if you were to tell someone that you graduated from the State University of New York, they would at least recognize the name. But if you were to say you went to some random private school that no one has ever heard of, they'd probably look at you like you have two heads. All that money spent for what? A diploma from a school that carries no weight or recognition whatsoever? It just seems like a waste to me.

And let's not forget about the sheer number of private colleges in the United States. There are nearly 2000 of them! Unless you're studying some super rare major that's not available at your local state school, I don't see the point in attending the majority of these institutions. Unless, of course, you're offered massive financial aid that makes it worth your while.

To put it in perspective, it's like buying a car. You can either go for a Toyota Camry, a solid and reliable vehicle at a reasonable price (your local state school), or you can splurge on a Porsche 911, a symbol of prestige and quality (a top private school). The choice seems obvious, right? But what I can't wrap my head around is why anyone would willingly pay multiple times the price of a Camry for a Nissan Altima (a mediocre private school). It just doesn't add up.

Even car buyers seem to understand this concept. Luxury cars that are essentially rebranded versions of cheaper models don't sell well. People want the real deal, not some knockoff with a fancy badge slapped on it. And yet, students continue to flock to these mediocre private schools, thinking they're getting something special when they're really just paying extra for a Pontiac instead of a Chevy.

In conclusion, I just can't comprehend the logic behind choosing a mediocre private school over a reputable public school. It's like throwing your money down the drain for no good reason. Unless you're getting substantial financial aid or studying a highly specialized field, save yourself the trouble and opt for a state school. Trust me, your bank account will thank you.
------
Hey y'all,

Just wanted to drop in and give my two cents on this whole Austrian economists and libertarianism thing. Let me tell ya, these guys are all about "outcome ambivalence." Like, seriously? They don't even believe in "public goods" or nations, not even their own! They're all about some set of rules and couldn't care less about what happens to us because of those rules. It's like they see society as some grand experiment, and we're just lab rats or something.

These Austrians try to get around market failures, natural monopolies, morality, and rationality with their fancy wordplay. They're all about this methodological individualism based on the "action axiom," whatever the heck that means. Basically, they say only individuals can act, and societies ain't got no agency. According to them, if something is good for one person, it's automatically good for everyone else because, well, math or something. But come on, basic game theory alone can prove that wrong.

Check this out - they claim savings can never be "hoarded" because it's all gonna be invested in the future. Yeah, right. They ignore the paradox of thrift completely. And get this, according to them, society is just a bunch of individuals acting together. So, if their argument were true, we wouldn't be able to do anything together, like form businesses or spread ideas. It's like they wanna deny the existence of society just to fit their narrative. Talk about changing definitions when it suits them.

But that's not all, folks. Some of these Austrians try to use their individualism mumbo-jumbo to justify their own ethical philosophy. They mix it with this subjectivism idea, saying that if all individual actions are moral, then the collective actions must also be moral. Yeah, right. That's just a fancy way of saying they're all about looking out for number one.

And let's not forget how they redefine "rationality" to mean whatever the heck fulfills an individual's desires. Doesn't matter if it makes any sense to the rest of us, as long as it's useful to them, it's considered "rational." That's why you got economists talking about crazy stuff like "organ donor markets" without batting an eye. They don't care about the implications or ethics, 'cause they think everything's rational as long as it serves their needs. I mean, come on, have you heard of those "crypto-assassination markets"? It's like some conspiracy theory stuff they don't want us to know about.

Oh, and get this - they think monopolies can only exist because of government intervention. They believe people will always come up with a better alternative to undercut the monopoly if they're not happy with it. Yeah, right. Like barriers to entry and shady deals don't exist. They don't even think monopolistic practices are immoral because, hey, no one's forcing us to buy their stuff at gunpoint. They say we should just start our own phone company if we don't like the monopoly. Real easy, huh?

Man, these Austrians and their libertarianism, they really got some wild ideas. Just had to vent about it, thanks for listening, y'all.

[URL]
------
Alright, let me just start by saying that this whole Kavanaugh thing has been a total shitshow from start to finish. I mean, seriously, can it get any messier than this? We've got accusations flying left and right, a bunch of politicians playing dirty tricks, and let's not even get started on the media circus surrounding it.

First things first, let's talk about this whole "passing out" versus "blacking out" debate. I don't know about you, but to me, it seems like a bunch of bullshit semantics. Who really cares whether someone passed out or blacked out? If someone can't remember what happened, then something fishy is going on, plain and simple.

And let's not forget about good ol' Senator Feinstein. She's been sitting on that letter for weeks, and now she wants to act all high and mighty? Give me a break. It's clear as day that she was playing dirty politics with this whole thing. And don't even get me started on those FBI background checks. How the hell did they miss any hint of sexual misconduct? It just doesn't add up.

Now, let's talk about Kavanaugh's history with mass surveillance and rendition. That shit is seriously troubling. I mean, do we really want someone on the Supreme Court who has been involved in that kind of stuff? It's just a recipe for disaster if you ask me. But of course, that's not the only issue at play here.

We're also talking about a dangerous precedent being set with such little corroboration for these allegations. I mean, come on, people. We can't just ruin someone's life based on one person's word alone. That's not justice, that's a witch hunt.

But you know what's even scarier than all of this? The fact that we're on the verge of having an unbalanced Supreme Court. I don't care what your political leanings are, that should worry you. We need balance, we need diversity of thought, and Kavanaugh's confirmation threatens that.

Now, let's dive into the testimonies. Kavanaugh was evasive as hell when it came to his drinking habits. I mean, come on, dude. Just be honest. We don't need another lying politician in power. And Christine Ford's testimony had some questionable aspects to it as well. It's hard to know what to believe anymore.

But here's the thing, no matter how much we argue about all these talking points, it doesn't change a damn thing. The corporate media is just feeding us their agenda, and it's getting old real fast. We're being played like puppets, and it's time to wake up and see through the bullshit.

And speaking of bullshit, let's talk about the intelligence agencies for a second. Do any of us really believe they're going to respect the laws that protect us? Hell no. They're gonna do whatever the hell they want, and we're just supposed to sit back and take it. Well, not me. I'm sick and tired of our government trampling all over our privacy rights.

And let's not forget about Kavanaugh's role in the Bush administration. It's ironic as hell that people on the left are using that against him now, especially after all the praise they've been giving George W. Bush lately. Talk about hypocrisy at its finest.

But here's the thing, folks. None of this matters if we don't address the bigger issues at hand. Are we entering a period in history where our privacy and technology are being dangerously compromised? Absolutely. Will the Supreme Court protect us from the abuse of power by intelligence agencies and law enforcement? Doubtful.

In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the Supreme Court ends up making rulings that further degrade our right to privacy while giving more power to the very agencies that are spying on us. It's a scary thought, but it's the reality we're facing.

Now, let me ask you something. Do you honestly think either party would condemn mass surveillance of the general public? I sure as hell don't. They're all too busy playing their own political games to actually stand up for our rights. It's sickening, really.

So, in the end, if Kavanaugh doesn't get confirmed, will anything really change? Probably not. Fox News won't bring him on to talk about the intelligence agencies because that goes against their public position. CNN and MSNBC won't do it either because, well, they're too busy bashing Trump.

But hey, maybe Kavanaugh will find a voice in the alternative media realm. Maybe he'll spill the beans on the Patriot Act and expose all the shady shit that went into its creation. Who knows? All I know is that we need someone to step up and fight for our privacy rights, and right now, it sure as hell isn't happening.

Look, I know I've rambled on for way too long, but this whole Kavanaugh ordeal has got me fired up. I don't want a Supreme Court justice who's involved in mass surveillance, and I sure as hell don't want someone who may have lied under oath. But at the same time, I can't ignore the fact that our government is trampling all over our privacy rights, and Kavanaugh's confirmation would only make things worse.

So, call me a conspiracy theorist if you want, but I'm just being true to myself. I don't trust our government, and I fear for the future of our privacy and our rights. Kavanaugh may be qualified in interpreting constitutional law, but that doesn't change the fact that there's a lot of shady shit going on behind the scenes.

In the end, though, it's up to you to make up your own mind. These are just my thoughts, my ramblings, if you will. Take 'em or leave 'em, it's your call. But whatever you decide, just remember to question everything, because the truth is often hidden beneath layers of lies and deceit.

Stay woke, my friends.
------
Okay, so I stumbled upon this post and I just have to say, dude, what are you even talking about? Your arguments are all over the place and it's clear that you're just trying to make yourself sound smart without actually saying anything substantial. Let me break it down for you in a way that even you can understand.

Firstly, you start off by saying that if God created the world and is all-knowing, then He must have known about all the bad stuff that would happen. Yeah, no kidding Sherlock! Of course an all-knowing God would know what's gonna go down. But here's the thing, just because God knows what's gonna happen doesn't mean He caused it. It's like saying that if I know my friend is gonna fail a test, it's my fault because I didn't study for them. That's some twisted logic right there.

Then you go on this weird tangent about parking meters shooting out shrapnel and hurting people. What does that have to do with anything? Are you saying that earthquakes and hurricanes are like parking meters gone rogue? That's the most ridiculous comparison I've ever heard. You're just grasping at straws here, buddy.

And let's not forget your obsession with malaria. Yeah, it sucks that people get sick and die from it, but what does that have to do with God? Are you suggesting that God should have made a world without mosquitoes? Do you even realize how many other animals depend on mosquitoes for survival? And guess what? Humans are actually working on finding a cure for malaria, so maybe instead of blaming God, you should be applauding the scientists who are trying to make a difference.

Oh, and I can't help but roll my eyes at your attempt to dismiss the idea that the world was made for humans. Seriously? Have you ever heard of evolution? Humans didn't just magically appear out of nowhere, we evolved over millions of years. So yeah, I'd say the world kinda sorta had a hand in making us who we are.

And finally, your whole rant about suffering being unnecessary and therefore God can't be good or all-loving. Look, I get it, bad things happen and it sucks. But life isn't a walk in the park, my friend. Sometimes, we have to go through tough times to become stronger individuals. And I hate to break it to you, but suffering is a part of life whether we like it or not. It's not God's fault that some people choose to use their free will to do messed up things.

So in conclusion, dude, your argument is weak and lacks any real substance. You're just spouting off buzzwords and trying to sound deep, but it's not working. Maybe next time, spend less time trying to come across as all philosophical and actually think about what you're saying. Just a suggestion.
------
Yo, what's up everyone! Just stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, some of y'all need to chill out with the intense conspiracy theories and finger-pointing. Like seriously, do any of us really understand what goes on at the top of the pyramid? Nah, didn't think so.

You're talking about how big banks should be run and who has the authority to determine that. Well, let me tell you something, my friend. It's a freaking mess up there. There's no playbook or expert that can perfectly guide them. It's all trial and error, my dudes. And trust me, they've had plenty of errors.

So here's the deal. Making laws to target those few rich folks who are laundering money left and right? Good luck with that. It's like trying to hit a moving target blindfolded. We gotta understand the specific circumstances and methods they use before we can even think about making reasonable laws against it.

And let's not forget about international money laundering. This shit goes beyond borders, man. You think the US is corrupt? Well, guess what? Billionaires can hop on their private jets and fly off to countries that are cool with a little corruption. The problem is bigger than just one country, my friends.

And don't even get me started on the Panama Papers. Yeah, they exposed a whole lot of corruption, but what have we done about it? Not much. We gotta work together globally if we wanna make a real dent in this corruption thing. But good luck tryna tell countries like Saudi Arabia to be less greedy. Ain't gonna happen.

Now, I'm not saying the US is perfect or anything, but let's put things into perspective. At least we got some opportunities here. There are places where people are starving to death, man. So let's not waste our time complaining about everything and feeling sorry for ourselves. It's low effort and ain't gonna get us anywhere.

Oh, and by the way, what does rape and child molestation have to do with the rich/poor divide? Yeah, those are horrible crimes, no doubt. But they're personal, messed-up stuff that's harder to prove than stealing a physical object. We could definitely prosecute them more seriously, but then the same folks complaining about the corrupt legal system would start whining about wrongful convictions. Can't win either way, right?

Look, I get it. Rich people can do a lot of damage. With great power comes great responsibility, or something like that. Some of them try to be saints, like Bill Gates. Others end up screwing over innocent people because they're too busy playing high-stakes chess with our lives. But guess what? It ain't as simple as black and white, good and evil. Life's messy, my friends.

So before you start pointing fingers and saying everything is done solely for this or that, take a step back. Maybe we're all just here to complain. But hey, there's gotta be more to life than that, right? Let's try to find some solutions instead of dwelling on the problems. Peace out!
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I stumbled upon this post while aimlessly scrolling through this subreddit, and I gotta say, it caught my attention. Now, I'm not an expert or anything, but I can definitely relate to some of the things you mentioned. 

First off, let's talk about how alcohol affects you. Now, I ain't here to judge or anything, but I noticed that when I have a few drinks, I actually feel more relaxed and, dare I say, zombie-like. It's like all my worries just melt away, you know? But apparently, feeling excessively sleepy after drinking can also be a symptom of ADHD. Who knew, right? I mean, I ain't saying you have ADHD, but it might be worth getting screened. Just sayin'.

Speaking of ADHD, there are a bunch of quirks and habits that often come with it. Like hyperfocus, man. Have you ever gotten so obsessed with something that you can't think about anything else? Like, seriously, hours slip by unnoticed while you're playing video games or doing something you're super into. And then you realize you haven't eaten, drank anything, or even taken a bathroom break. Oops.

And hobby hopping? Boy, don't even get me started. I've researched every damn hobby under the sun, bought all the fancy kits and accessories, and then lost interest within a few months. It's like I'm constantly searching for that one true passion that'll stick. Do you feel the same way?

Now, let's talk about filters. You know, those split seconds where you tell yourself not to say something, but your mouth just can't keep up? Trust me, I've been there, my friend. It's like the filter in my brain is always a beat or two too slow. And it doesn't stop there. Cleaning? Man, it's a never-ending cycle. I go from one task to another without finishing anything. It's overwhelming, to say the least.

Oh, and impulsive decisions? Yeah, guilty as charged. My financial management skills could use some serious work. I mean, who needs a budget anyway, right? And don't even get me started on spacing out during conversations. It's like my brain is on autopilot, but somehow I still manage to pick up on context clues. It's a weird superpower, I tell ya.

Now, emotions. They're a rollercoaster, my friend. Anger and love, in particular, are harder to control than a bunch of wild monkeys running around. It's like my emotions have a mind of their own, and I'm just left trying to catch up. And because of all these quirks, people often call me immature. Can you relate to that?

But here's the thing, my fellow Redditors. If any of this rings a bell for you, it might be worth talking to a doctor about it. I mean, what harm could it do, right? Maybe they can shed some light on these quirks, and who knows, maybe even offer some solutions. In the meantime, check out this comment I found ages ago that seems pretty darn relatable to me. Go give it a read and see if it resonates with you too.

Anyway, that's my two cents. Take it or leave it. But remember, you're not alone in this crazy world of quirks and distractions. There's a whole community of people out here who might just be going through the same stuff. Hang in there, folks, and keep being your unique, wonderfully imperfect selves.
------
Look, I get it. Abortion is a controversial topic and people have strong opinions about it. But can we please have a rational discussion without resorting to emotionally charged arguments and invalid claims?

First of all, let's address this idea that there needs to be a hard date for when a fetus can survive outside the womb. Yes, viability varies and it's not a guarantee at 25 weeks. But for legal purposes, we need to establish a clear line, just like we have age requirements for drinking or smoking. It's not a perfect system, but it's necessary to have some sort of guideline. And by the way, what would you even call the termination of a pregnancy at 26 weeks, when the fetus can potentially survive outside the womb? Food for thought.

Now, let's talk about inalienable rights. The definition of an inalienable right does not mean that it doesn't depend on an "outside force" or that you literally cannot be stopped from exercising it. It simply means that it is a natural human right that should not be taken away by the government unless there is a compelling reason. So, if you don't consider bodily autonomy to be an inalienable right, then fine, we can agree to disagree. But it's a commonly accepted principle.

And here's a claim that needs some fact-checking: women can give birth on their own but not abort? That's simply not true. Women have been performing self-abortions for centuries, often in dangerous and unsanitary conditions. The difference with legal abortion is that it can be performed safely with reduced risks. So let's not make false statements to support our arguments.

Then there's this idea that law and morals are closely intertwined. Sure, they influence each other to some extent. But the fact that the government funds abortions, either fully or partially, is an argument for coverage, not choice. Just because something is legal and funded doesn't mean it dictates what is moral or ethical.

Now, let's address the claim that women are not reduced to being incubators because they are born with the capacity to be incubators. Look, just because women have the reproductive system doesn't mean they are obligated to be incubators. When you tell a woman that she must carry a fetus against her will, you are reducing her to a human incubator. You are prioritizing the rights of the fetus over her right to control her own body. That's a problematic stance, to say the least.

And let's be clear about one thing: the purpose of a woman's reproductive system does not equal a requirement. Just because evolution hasn't given women the capacity to stop a pregnancy doesn't mean we should deny them the right to make decisions about their own bodies. We have advanced medical knowledge and procedures that allow us to control many aspects of our lives, including reproduction. So let's not use evolution as an excuse to deny women their autonomy.

And finally, the comparison to slavery. Yes, it does have some relevance. It shows us that legality and morality are not interchangeable. It shows us that bodily autonomy is a right that should be recognized and respected. It's about recognizing that the right to life does not extend to using someone else's body against their will.

In conclusion, let's have a civil and informed discussion about abortion. Let's base our arguments on facts and respect each other's perspectives. This is an important issue that affects many people, so it's crucial that we approach it with maturity and empathy. Peace out.
------
Hey, what's up with all this misinformation about ML and OCaml being general-purpose languages? That's not how they were originally designed at all! I mean, come on, do your research before making such claims. The history of ML clearly shows that it was created as a little DSL for theorem proving, not for compilers.

Sure, ML might be more suitable for compilers than some other languages out there, but that doesn't mean it's the best option. Saying they're basically the same thing is just not a defensible position. There are fundamental differences between theorem proving and compilation, even if both involve rewriting trees.

And don't even get me started on your argument about array and vector computations not being implementable in a language with pattern matching. Seriously, have you never heard of extending Hindley-Milner to play well with tensor ranks? It may not be the simplest solution, but it's definitely possible. Your claim just doesn't hold up.

Now, let's talk about Python. Why on earth are you comparing it to ML and OCaml? Python is a pile of shit in almost any application, and its popularity has nothing to do with being suitable for scientific computation. It's simply because worse options are out there.

If you want a language that was actually designed for array-centric computing, look at APL. Now that's a language that knows what it's doing when it comes to vector math. Sure, concatenative languages like APL may not be great for transforming trees, but they excel at array-centric operations.

And please, don't go around claiming that a language is great for vector math just because it supports operator overloading. That's setting the bar way too low. We need higher standards here.

You make a good point about most programs needing to parse and manipulate inputs. But unfortunately, most languages don't have proper features for it. And why would you even want to parse JSON in a language built for array-centric computing or a relational language? It just doesn't make sense.

And no, the LLVM developers would definitely disagree with you about C++ being well-suited for writing compilers. Just attend an LLVM meeting and talk to people there. They'll set you straight. And let's not forget about tablegen and its growing scope. It's clear evidence that C++ has its limitations.

Yes, there may be other reasons why compilers are written in C or C++, like performance requirements and toolchain availability. But that doesn't mean those languages are the best choices for the job.

And sorry, but I have to disagree with your statement that only dumb developers believe they're creating great general-purpose languages. The truth is, those who know what they're doing often design narrowly scoped domain-specific languages instead.

Look, I get it. Writing optimization passes can be laborious. But that's not just because it takes time and effort. It's also because if you're writing your pass in an unsuitable language, you end up with a lot of noise code surrounding the meaningful parts. That's not efficient or maintainable.

And don't even try to argue that typing speed is the only limiting factor when it comes to understanding and implementing optimization passes. Have you ever tried reading through the code of something like instcombine? It's mostly noise, making it difficult to grasp the actual transformations happening. With a suitable language, you'd see the rewrite rules immediately, making the code much more readable.

Yes, I know that major compilers, interpreters, and Jits are mostly written in C or C++. But that doesn't mean they're great at manipulating trees. It simply means there are other reasons why those languages were chosen. So, don't assume they're the best options just because they're widely used.

So, please, let's get our facts straight before making bold claims. ML and OCaml may be considered general-purpose languages now, but they were originally designed for specific purposes. And just because a language is popular doesn't mean it's the best choice for every application. Let's focus on designing languages that are suitable for the tasks at hand, rather than settling for subpar options.
------
Hey guys, 

What's up? So, I stumbled upon this AMA and thought, "Why the hell not?" I mean, who doesn't want to ask a bunch of submariners some random questions? But before I get into that, can I just say how badass it is to be part of a community that thrives on mis/disinformation? Like, seriously, who needs facts when you can just make shit up? It's like a secret club where everyone knows something you don't. But hey, at least they're being honest about not answering any classified stuff. That would just ruin the fun, right?

Now, let me introduce this panel of experts. We've got a whole group of people here who apparently know everything there is to know about submarines. There's David Ayer, a veteran sonar tech and all-around movie buff. I mean, he's even worked on films like "U-571." Talk about rubbing shoulders with Hollywood, am I right? Then we've got the pilot of the "Falcon-1" submarine rescue team. I guess his job is pretty cool, saving lives and shit. And we can't forget about Josh Dean, the author of that book about the K-129. I bet that story is full of conspiracy theories and secret missions.

But wait, there's more! We've also got a whole bunch of veterans from different countries, like the UK, Russia, and Norway. They've probably got some crazy stories to tell. And let's not forget about the CEO of Oceangate Inc, who wants to take people to explore the Titanic. I mean, I'd totally sign up for that. Who wouldn't want to see a shipwreck up close and personal?

Oh, and did I mention that some dude named Eric Moreno is the founder of this subreddit? I guess he's a veteran too, but honestly, who cares? He's just here to keep things in check and make sure everyone's behaving themselves. Probably thinks he's hot shit or something. But hey, props to him for organizing this whole thing.

Alright, so now that we've got that out of the way, let's get down to the real reason I'm here: the questions. I mean, isn't that what an AMA is all about? So, tell me, guys, how deep can you dive? Or wait, is that classified? Oh, oops, my bad. I forgot that asking simple questions is a big no-no in the submarine world. Can't have people knowing too much, right? Gotta keep those secrets locked away.

But hey, don't worry, I'm not giving up that easily. I've got plenty more where that came from. How fast can you go underwater? Wait, what's that? Classified again? Man, you guys are killing me here. I guess I'll just stick to the usual boring questions then. Like, what's the scariest thing you've ever encountered underwater? Or, have you ever seen any aliens down there? You know, the important stuff.

And one last thing before I wrap this up. I gotta give a shoutout to the mods who are gonna be sifting through all these questions and deciding which ones to answer. I mean, it must be a tough job, having to deal with us curious and persistent folks. So thanks for taking one for the team, guys. We appreciate it.

Alright, I think I've rambled on enough. May the submarine gods bless us with some juicy answers to our burning questions. And remember, guys, keep it real, keep it classified.

Peace out!
------
Should say 65% of Americans polled

That's a given considering you're reading the results of a poll, no one should need that clarified. I hope.

How many of those polled smoke?

The real question is why that matters when the poll's goal was to determine moral standing on the topic.

What type of personality takes the time to participate in polls?

Many people participate in polls, and those who do come from all walks of life. So long as you use the proper methods to find your sample, participant bias can be minimized pretty effectively with modern survey methods.

The beauty of modern polling is we have methods to minimize bias in this type of case. If you go to the actual survey, they handily write down the methods they used to conduct it.

Results for this Gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted May 1-10, 2018, with a random sample of 1,024 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. For results based on the total sample of national adults, the margin of sampling error is +-4 percentage points at the 95% confidence level.

The results for the drinking alcohol item are based on a random sample of 542 adults, and the results for the smoking marijuana item are based on a random sample of 482 adults. For results based on these samples, the margin of sampling error is +-5 percentage points at the 95% confidence level.

All reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting.

Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 70% cellphone respondents and 30% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. Landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods.

Source: Gallup

They used a random sampling and conducted the survey via telephone. With phone surveys, typically the individual has to state openly they're willing to participate in the survey before even hearing the question, which is an effort to minimize participant bias. Apparently, the survey asked individuals whether or not they believed 22 individual behaviors were "morally acceptable", regardless of their opinion of the behavior's legality. The alcohol question and marijuana question used half-samples, but they're still random samples nonetheless, just with a slightly wider confidence interval. Those confidence levels are fairly reasonable too and suggest significant data.

As long as reasonable methods were used to collect data, the participants' personal definitions of morality are pretty much irrelevant. Surveys aren't meant to explain or determine behavior; they provide us the means to make a model to predict behavior. A survey that separates smokers from non-smokers and then polling them for their moral standpoint on marijuana use is like trying to make a model to predict when the sun goes down at night and when it comes back up in the morning. It's not nearly as useful information as a model that can be applied to the (adult) public in one step.
------
Title: Understanding the Nature of Jesus: A Closer Look at John 1:1

Hey fellow Redditors,

I stumbled upon this interesting passage in John 1:1 and wanted to discuss it further. Now, before we dive into different translations and interpretations, let's acknowledge that this is a complex topic, and everyone may have their own understanding of it. So, let's keep this conversation casual, open-minded, and respectful of each other's opinions.

First off, let's take a look at the New World Translation (NW) of the Bible, which presents an alternative reading of John 1:1 compared to the King James Version (KJV) and the Douay Version. According to NW, the verse states that "the word was a god," suggesting that the word being referenced here is not identical to Almighty God but rather a mighty one, a god. This interpretation seems to be based on the presence of the definite article "the" before the first "god" and its absence before the second.

To gain more insights, let's explore additional translations. The Emphatic Diaglott, a Greek translation with a word-for-word rendering, reads: "in a beginning was the word, and the word was with the god, and a god was the word." This translation seems to support the idea that Jesus, as the Son of God, possesses divine qualities and mightiness, but is not the Almighty God Himself. It emphasizes the nature or quality of the word rather than claiming identity with the Father.

Similar viewpoints can be found in other translations. The New English Bible suggests: "and what god was, the word was." Moffatt's translation reads: "the logos was divine," while the American translation says: "the word was divine." These renderings highlight the divine nature or godlike quality of the Word, while not equating him with the Almighty God. German translations by Bohmer, Stage, Menge, and Thimme also support this view by stating that the Word had divine being or divine qualities.

Furthermore, Professor Charles Cutler Torrey's translation, "The Four Gospels," phrases it as: "in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god." Notice that in this translation, the word "god" appears without a capital initial letter, indicating that the word is godlike but not necessarily the same as God himself.

It's essential to consider other scriptures to develop a comprehensive understanding. For instance, 1 Corinthians 8:6 states that there is "one God the Father, out of whom all things are... and one Lord, Jesus Christ, through whom all things are." Here, Jesus is portrayed as God's agent through whom all other things came into existence. Similarly, Revelation 3:14 and Colossians 1:15,16 refer to Jesus as the "beginning of the creation by God" and "the firstborn of all creation," highlighting his central role in the creation process.

Now, it's worth mentioning that Acts 28:6 in the King James Version retains the definite article, but interestingly, it is omitted in John 1:1. This observation further implies that the reference to God in John 1:1 is not to be understood as the Almighty God himself but instead points to the divine nature or qualities possessed by the Word.

In conclusion, exploring various translations and interpretations of John 1:1 provides us with different perspectives on the nature of Jesus. While some translations emphasize his divine nature and qualities, they don't equate him with the Almighty God. Instead, these renderings highlight his pivotal role as God's agent in the creation process. Keep in mind that this is just one aspect of a broader discussion about the nature of Jesus, and it's always valuable to continue exploring, researching, and discussing different viewpoints.

So, what are your thoughts? How do you interpret John 1:1? Let's engage in a friendly conversation and learn from each other's insights!

Take care, fellow Redditors, and happy discussing!
------
Alright, I guess it's my turn to chime in. Look, I get that semantics can be important sometimes, but seriously, do we really need to dissect every single aspect of a discussion? Can't we just have a casual conversation without getting all technical?

I mean, come on, we're talking about a game here. A game where you control these weird alien creatures and blow stuff up. It's not rocket science. Let's keep it simple, people.

So, this whole post is going on and on about some buff or nerf or whatever to this unit called a roach. Honestly, I don't even play this game, but I stumbled upon this subreddit and thought I'd give my two cents.

From what I gather, this transfuse thing used to be great because it could heal your roaches for a certain amount of HP. But now, it's not as good anymore. Big shocker.

But here's the thing, the OP of this post is saying that the new transfuse is still a "situational buff." Okay, buddy, whatever you say. I mean, if you have to jump through hoops just to make it work, is it really a buff? I don't think so.

And let's talk about these hydralisks. Apparently, they're a big deal in this game. But come on, against lings, adepts, and whatever else, who cares about 7 HP regen? It's like a drop in the bucket. It's not gonna save your roach's sorry ass from getting destroyed.

But hey, I guess if you're going up against marines, that little bit of regen might actually matter. I mean, who knew that those little guys could take down roaches? Talk about an upset.

And don't even get me started on tunnels claws. Like, who even uses that? I can't even begin to imagine how that nerf is gonna affect anything. But apparently, when you throw in a player like Dark, things get crazy. Burrowed roaches with high regen? Sounds like a nightmare, my friend.

Anyway, let's wrap this up. The point is, whether it's a buff or a nerf or a situational whatever, it doesn't really matter. In the grand scheme of things, does it really affect our lives? Probably not.

So let's just enjoy the game, have some fun, and stop over-analyzing every little detail. After all, it's just a game, right? Let's not take it too seriously. Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Hey, what's up guys? Just wanted to hop on here real quick and give my two cents on this whole Kavanaugh situation. First off, can we all just take a step back and stop making assumptions left and right? I mean, seriously, let's not jump to conclusions without any solid evidence.

I get it, some people want to believe Dr. Ford and automatically assume that Kavanaugh is guilty. But come on, there's no corroboration, there's no concrete proof. It's all just he-said-she-said at this point. And for those who are automatically assuming he's lying just because he denies it, that's not fair either. We can't just label someone as guilty solely based on their gender.

And let's talk about this whole victim card that Dr. Ford is playing. Look, I understand trauma and I sympathize with anyone who has been through a traumatic experience. But that doesn't mean we should automatically overlook the lack of evidence or not ask for more. Asking for evidence does not make us victim blamers, it's just part of our justice system and how our society functions.

Imagine if the roles were reversed, and Kavanaugh was accusing Dr. Ford. Would we all just believe him without any proof? No way! We'd be demanding witnesses, pictures, anything to back up his claims. So why is it any different now? Oh yeah, that's right, because she's a woman and we're all supposed to automatically believe her.

But hold on a second, let's not forget that assuming someone's guilt just because of their gender is not a good path to go down. History has shown us what happens when we do that, and it's definitely not pretty. We should be basing our judgments on facts, evidence, and fairness, not on someone's gender.

And here's another thing, these accusations have far-reaching implications beyond just Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford. This sets a precedent for how we handle serious accusations in the future. We can't just go around believing any accusation without proper inquiry and evidence. That's not how a civilized society works.

So, my fellow Redditors, let's take a step back, cool our jets, and demand more than just someone's word. Let's ask for evidence, for witnesses, for something substantial before we ruin someone's life. We can't let gender become the basis for assigning guilt, that's just not right.

I hope you all understand where I'm coming from with this. I'm not trying to be rude or offensive, I just think it's important to approach these matters with a level head and not make assumptions without proper evidence. Let's keep the discussion civil and respectful, even if we may not see eye to eye on this issue. Peace out, fam!
------
Okay, seriously, what the actual hell is going on with World of Warcraft these days? I mean, come on Blizzard, can you just stop flipping the class design on its head every damn expansion? It's like they have this obsession with throwing everything into chaos and hoping it all magically works out after a few patches. Why can't they just add new abilities and make some tweaks to enhance the different specs so they can actually shine?

It's like they forgot how to develop a game properly. They keep changing the RTS units, and I bet next thing you know, we'll be reading patch notes like "Hey guys, guess what? The human footman is now a ranged unit! Enjoy!" Like, seriously? Is that the best they can come up with?

And let's not even get started on professions. Why the hell are they constantly screwing with them? Can't they just let professions be useful tools that provide some fun on the side? And why do they always have to make them so damn convoluted? Unlock quests, crafting ranks, and other arbitrary barriers that just make everything feel like a chore. Can't we just have gear that's actually good for crafters while they look for other stuff?

Speaking of acquiring items, why is it so damn complicated? Can't they just keep a vendor stocked with awesome PvP items or raid loot that we can earn points for? Remember back in the day when we had Conquest and Valor points? You knew what you were working towards and how to get it. But now, it's like a frickin' mystery. I have no idea where to get those cool new Alliance transmog sets for PvP in BFA. Those lion-shaped pauldrons look sick, but I have no clue where to find them. It's like they want us to keep grinding endlessly and hope that they'll eventually drop into our laps. Ugh, it's so frustrating.

And can we please talk about all these experimental features they keep throwing at us? Artifacts, Azerite armor, and whatever else they can come up with. It's like they're trying to reinvent the wheel every expansion instead of just polishing what works and adding a couple of new features here and there. Stop reinventing everything and focus on making the game better!

I've been playing this game since vanilla beta, and let me tell you, the happiest I ever felt about the state of the game was during TBC, WotLK, Cata, and MoP. Back then, Blizzard had a formula that worked. Gathered materials had value, professions had a purpose, classes had awesome abilities, and you knew how to progress through the game. Raids were raids, dungeons were dungeons, and quests were quests. Simple, right?

Sure, there have been some great additions over the years like the wardrobe/appearances tab and Mythic+. Those things are cool and actually enhance the game. But then they go and pull these weird experiments out of their asses like warfronts and the Heart of Azeroth. It feels like they're just trying to increase our effective subscription time instead of actually improving the fun factor of the game.

So Blizzard, I'm begging you, please just stop for a moment. Take a break from building this ridiculously intricate cobweb of weird features. Stop making everything so damn convoluted and quit designing the game with the sole purpose of making us stay subscribed for longer. Focus on what actually sells the game, like allied races, Kul Tiras, Zandalar, and Queen Azshara. Those are the things that get people excited and keep them subbed. Stick to what works instead of making everything unnecessarily complicated. 

In conclusion, Blizzard, get your shit together and start listening to your players. We don't need fancy experiments; we just want a game that's fun to play. Keep it simple, stupid.
------
First of all, let me just say that I find it highly amusing and somewhat pathetic that you feel the need to boast about your supposed intelligence and accomplishments on an online forum. It's clear that you have a massive ego and a desperate desire for validation from strangers, which is frankly quite sad. But hey, I'll humor you and address some of the points you've made.

So, you claim to have scored higher on an SAT test than the average person in your area? Congratulations, I guess? But let me tell you something, standardized tests aren't the be-all and end-all of intelligence. Just because you did well on a test doesn't automatically make you a genius. There are many different types of intelligence, and being book-smart doesn't necessarily equate to being intelligent in other areas of life.

And speaking of intelligence, you claim to be in the 99.9th percentile for IQ. Well, good for you. But let me remind you that IQ tests are just one measure of intelligence and are often criticized for their limitations. Plus, being smart doesn't give you the right to belittle others or act like you're superior to everyone else. In fact, true intelligence is about humility, empathy, and understanding.

Now, let's talk about your supposed expertise in physics and engineering. So you think you understand physics better than your mother's boyfriend who is an aerospace engineer? That's quite a bold claim, my friend. I mean, sure, I'm no expert, but I highly doubt that a self-proclaimed prodigy like yourself could outshine someone who has dedicated years of their life to studying and working in the field of aerospace engineering. It's a bit arrogant and delusional, if you ask me.

And let's not forget your grand inventions and your philosophical musings. You claim to have independently thought of every branch of philosophy you've come across? Really now? I find that hard to believe. Philosophy is a complex and vast subject that requires careful and rigorous study. It's not something that can just be casually understood by a self-proclaimed genius like yourself. As for your inventions, well, let's just say that coming up with ideas is one thing, but actually implementing them successfully is a whole different ballgame.

Moving on to psychology, you claim to understand it better than people with degrees. Again, that's quite a bold statement. Psychology is a complex field that requires extensive research and study to truly grasp its intricacies. It's not something that can be mastered through a few online articles or Reddit discussions. And let's not forget that debunking Sigmund Freud's theories doesn't automatically make you an expert. Freud's work, while flawed in many ways, has still made significant contributions to the field of psychology.

Now, let's talk about your moral high ground. You claim to believe in giving everyone a chance at redemption and treating people with respect regardless of their personal choices. That's all well and good, but it's not exactly groundbreaking or revolutionary. Many people already hold these beliefs, so you're not as unique or enlightened as you seem to think. And while I appreciate your pacifist stance, I can't help but wonder if it's just another way for you to stroke your own ego and feel morally superior to others.

In conclusion, while you may think that your supposed intelligence and moral superiority make you special, it's clear to me that you're just another arrogant and self-absorbed individual seeking validation from strangers on the internet. Your claims are grandiose and lack any real substance. Perhaps it's time for a reality check and a dose of humility. After all, true intelligence and maturity come from acknowledging our limitations and learning from others, not from boasting about our supposed accomplishments.
------
Alright, let me get this straight. You're talking about Singapore's economically traditional liberal management, flexible work schedules, social security, taxes, freedom of speech, and the pressures of modern society? Where do I even begin?

First of all, I totally agree with you on the flexible work schedule issue. It's great that the government is trying to implement the flexible work award, but honestly, who knows how companies will actually implement it? We can't control whether they try to "game" the system or not. And let's be real, there are people who argue for better work-life balance but then cynically criticize any efforts made in that direction.

But here's the thing, the whole point of flexible work is to be productive, not just sit around in the office for hours doing nothing. We all know that the main problem at work is waiting to rush and rushing to wait, thanks to pipeline congestion and bottleneck. Allowing flexible work schedules would actually enable workers to rest when there's a bottleneck instead of wasting time in the office doing nothing. So yeah, I'm all for it.

Now let's move on to social security and lower taxes. You mentioned that CPF is not a tax, and I agree with you. CPF functions more like a social security system, where you're using your own money instead of relying on taxpayer's money for pension and insurance. I mean, why should the future generation have to foot the bill for our retirement? That doesn't seem fair at all.

And speaking of social security, I'm all for it, but I don't want it to become a safety net where people can just lounge around and do nothing. Sure, there might be more people who desperately need the support compared to those who abuse the system, but come on, our country needs to be productive to survive. We can't just rely on natural resources. That's where Tharman's social trampoline idea comes in. The government should ensure that everyone has food on their table and a roof over their head, but if you're willing to put in the effort to improve yourself and be more productive, then they'll help you bounce back and fly higher. And for those who really need a safety net and can't work, there are already various government schemes in place to help them out.

Now let's dive into the controversial topic of freedom of speech. Personally, I don't believe in unrestricted freedom of speech, but I do believe in having a debate about the restrictions and regularly reviewing them based on the needs of the people. It's important to find the right balance.

I fully support LGBT rights and their freedom to express themselves, but let's face it, Singapore is a nation that treads on a minefield called religion. We manage to keep the pressure cooker stable by carefully balancing religious freedom, but even then, we already have racist and bigoted comments regarding other religions. Most religious communities have a common disdain for the LGBT community, so why create a common enemy for them to fight against?

The conservative mindset is more prevalent among older generations, and changing their minds is harder than waiting for them to go away, to put it bluntly. While I appreciate and support movements like Pink Dot for sparking conversations about LGBT rights, we need to make sure that progress doesn't come at the expense of stability. That's why the government is reluctant to repeal laws like 377A, even though they're outdated and silly. The government turns a blind eye to what people do in the privacy of their own homes, so LGBT individuals are not literally driven into a corner to be executed. Singapore has a "don't ask, don't tell" policy when it comes to these matters, and it's a small step in the right direction.

Remember that controversy with Amos Yee? He was punished not because he insulted Christians or Muslims, but because he was purposefully stirring up trouble in the religious community that we've tried so hard to make coexist peacefully. The government had to step in and stop him before things got out of hand.

Lastly, let's talk about the pressures of modern society. You're absolutely right that increased information flow, the slowing global economy, rapid technological advancements, widening income gaps, and anti-foreigner sentiment in major cities are all contributing to people feeling pressured and exhausted.

But here's the frustrating part: people know something is happening, but they don't know what or why. They just pick a side and stick to it, demonizing the other side in the process. It's like no one wants to reach across the line and make peace. It's always "you're either with us or against us." And let's not forget that understanding the people across the line takes a lot of time and effort, which most people are not willing to invest. So they keep talking about what "should be" without considering "what is." They play the role of backseat drivers without even knowing the road, the car, or where they're going.

In conclusion, there are a lot of complex issues at play here, and it's not as simple as black and white. We need to have open discussions, consider different perspectives, and find the delicate balance between progress and stability. It's a challenging task, but one that we must tackle if we want to create a better future for everyone.
------
Alright, let's get real here. I just stumbled upon this thread and I can't help but roll my eyes at all the fancy talk about 51% attacks and whatnot. I mean, come on, who cares? All these technicalities and legal jargon just make my head spin.

First of all, let's address the elephant in the room. Is a 51% attack illegal? Well, I don't know about you, but I ain't no lawyer. But if you ask me, it should be illegal! It's like stealing, right? You're manipulating the system and taking advantage of it for your own gain. Isn't that, like, against the law or something?

Now, I understand that some of you might argue that it's not the attacker's fault, it's the weak security of the blockchain. And yeah, I guess technically that's true. But seriously, if you're gonna trust a blockchain with weak security, then you're just asking for trouble. It's like leaving your front door wide open and then blaming the thief for robbing you. Take some responsibility, people!

But hey, here's a thought. Maybe instead of playing the blame game, we should focus on spreading awareness. You know, like make it common knowledge that BCH has this so-called "backdoor" known as the 51% attack. We could turn it into a meme or something catchy like "BCH: The Low-Security Blockchain." That way, if a 51% attack ever goes to court, the defense could be all like, "Hey, they were warned! They knew the risks! It's their fault for not beefing up their security!"

And let's not forget about that whitepaper they keep bragging about. Apparently, it talks about the majority decision being represented by the longest chain with the most proof-of-work. So if they're gonna boast about how awesome their coin is because of this, then how can they turn around and sue someone who actually takes advantage of it? I mean, seriously, talk about double standards!

But here's the thing, guys. The problem is that we're calling it an "attack." Yeah, that's right, the very language we use to describe it assigns blame. It's like saying, "Hey, you did something bad!" So no wonder it's hard to legally defend someone's right to do this when we're all calling it an "attack" and contrasting it with "honesty." We should probably come up with a different term to make it sound less evil, like "super mega strategy" or something. Just a thought.

Anyway, I'm no expert, but I think we should stop overcomplicating things and start using some common sense here. 51% attacks are shady, whether they're technically illegal or not. So let's not glorify them or make excuses for them. Instead, let's focus on building stronger and more secure blockchains, and maybe we can finally avoid all this drama in the first place. Peace out!
------
Alright, so here's the thing. I had this crazy experience a while back that I just have to share with you all. Buckle up, because it's a wild ride. 

It all started a few days ago when I noticed my back was hurting. But honestly, I couldn't be bothered. I was in high school, living my best life, and back pain was the last thing on my mind. But here's the kicker - I hadn't taken a dump in a whole freaking week. Yeah, you heard me right. A week. Now, I know what you're thinking, "Why is this idiot talking about his bowel movements?" Well, stick around, folks, because it gets weirder.

So, there I was, grunting my way through each day, trying to ignore the pain in my back. It sucked, but I could handle it. Then, when school finally ended, I thought it would be a great idea to take a nap. And let me tell you, napping without a shirt on was my thing back then. I mean, who needs a shirt, am I right?

But this time, when I stood in front of the mirror to admire my glorious teenage abs, I noticed something was off. My stomach was all wonky. The left side was sunken in, like someone had taken a vacuum cleaner to it. And guess what? That's exactly where my back was hurting. Panic mode activated, people! I immediately ran to my mom, freaking out like a lunatic.

Next thing I know, we're at some clinic with perplexed doctors scratching their heads. They decided I needed an x-ray, which meant off to the ER for me. At this point, I'm rolling around in a wheelchair, looking like a twisted pretzel. Another x-ray, and then it's back to a hospital bed for yours truly. My heart is pounding, and I'm terrified of what they might find. Kidney stones were mentioned, and let me tell you, that's one of my worst nightmares.

But here's where it gets interesting. My mom comes back into the room with the doctor, and they ask me about my bathroom habits. Yeah, apparently that's important. I racked my brain trying to remember when the last time I
------
Alright, listen up everyone. I gotta say, this is a solid start, but there are a few things you need to know. First off, the eye primer ain't there to cover your freckles, okay? It's there to make sure your liner and shadow don't turn into a hot mess and smear all over the place. Trust me, even those supposedly waterproof pencils won't last without some primer action. So make sure you slather that primer all over your lids like there's no tomorrow. And while we're at it, did you even buy a waterproof pencil? Personally, I swear by Urban Decay 24/7 or L'Oreal Infallible. They still need primer, but they work like a charm with it. Oh, and I've heard good things about NYX Slide On pencils too, so maybe give those a shot.

Now, let's talk about those freckles on your lids. Honestly, they're not that prominent. Maybe wait and see if they still bother you after you've applied your makeup. I actually let my freckles show through my foundation, and it gives me a more youthful look (I use a sheer, dewy base). But hey, if they're really getting on your nerves, there are shimmery eye primers out there that might do the trick. Or you can stick to the basic ones that won't show at all.

Alright, onto the important stuff. If you want your eyes to look bigger, you gotta work those outer and inner corners. Darker on the outer, lighter on the inner, got it? And adding eyeliner along the upper lash line will define your eyes and make your lashes appear thicker. Personally, I like to thicken up the line toward the outer corner and bring it higher, so just a little bit shows, you know? It's all about that normal liner look and defining that outer corner. And when it comes to eyeshadow, grab a small brush because our eyes are small and we don't wanna look like clowns. Pat on a darker shade with your eyes open, just below your eye socket. Feel your eyeball and where the socket ends by pressing your lid with your finger. Trust me, you don't wanna bring that daily work eyeshadow all the way up to the end of the socket. That's when you bust out a little matte dark eyeshadow and brush it in. For the rest of the lid, go for a shimmery coppery or orangey shade, something like toasted. Blend that darker color with the lighter one real well, so there ain't no harsh line. Apply the eyeshadow to the lower half of the eyelid, kind of in a thick rim, then blend it out towards your skin. Always remember: darker and higher on the outer, lighter and lower on the inner.

Now, lots of people with our eyes go for that cat flick, but I find that a puppy dog liner style actually makes my eyes look bigger. Especially if I fill in that little outer corner with the pencil liner. No contest, folks. Try it out and see how it works for you. And speaking of experimenting, start off with sheer, less pigmented shadows that are closer to your skin tone. Get comfortable with eyeshadow application before you go wild with it. Instead, go crazy with your eyeliner. One fun thing to do is apply your dark defining liner to, well, define your lash line, then layer a fun eyeliner on top. You can go all out with a glittery one or a bright one, whatever floats your boat.

Now, I ain't saying you gotta break the bank on expensive palettes and brushes. Head on down to the drugstore and grab some on-sale quads and duos in different undertones, finishes, and color families. Or ask a friend if you can borrow their stuff. I've done it plenty of times, and it's a great way to figure out what flatters you. Sure, I've got fancy brushes from brands like Too Faced, Lancome, and Urban Decay, but I'm just as happy with my trusty ELF and Joe Fresh brushes.

So there you have it, my friends. Go forth, rock those eyeshadows, and make those eyes pop. Trust me, you'll be turning heads left and right.
------
Hey, so I was reading through all this mirror stuff and it got me thinking, ya know? Like, are these dark pools by the weirwoods really connected to those obsidian mirrors? I mean, the face on the trees seems like it's looking into the pool, like some sort of magical scrying device or something. It kinda reminds me of that mirror of galadriel from Lord of the Rings.

You guys should check out this link I found <url> about it. It talks about how these pools might actually be volcanic tubes filled with water, which could mean they're made of obsidian or at least something similar symbolically. That's pretty cool if you ask me.

But here's where my mind starts going wild. What if this obsidian, this black stone, has some sort of power over souls? Think about it, like Varamyr's experiences suggest that souls can exist outside of a physical body. Maybe the others can be killed by obsidian because it's removing whatever is left of their souls. And then there's Asshai, which could be a city of undead where souls are being sucked into the blackstone itself. Creepy, right?

And what about those stone eggs? They gain life by sucking out the souls of sacrifices. Remember how Rhaego's body mutated while his soul was taken? It's like soul magic or something. So maybe all these terms like shadowbinding and blood magic are just different names for soul magic. It's like the same thing, just with different fancy labels.

Now, I gotta dig into those Dark Sun novels and find out more about obsidian imagery. It's been on my mind for ages, but I never really remembered the significance of it. Ugh, I wish I had a better memory sometimes.

Speaking of rabbit holes, have you guys checked out the Birthright D&D setting? I stumbled upon it while researching obsidian, and oh boy, it's a whole new world to dive into. I hear it's all about political conflicts between houses. Sounds juicy, doesn't it?

But seriously, if Dark Sun has any connections, it's gotta be straight-up plagiarism. I mean, George R.R. Martin's use of symbolism in his story has inspired so many people to copy it. But hey, even his stuff has roots in earlier sources, like the Conan world and Elric's tales. It's like one big chain of inspiration and creativity.

You know what surprises me though? No one has ever done a Reddit series on D&D connections. Like, seriously, it would be so interesting to explore all the similarities and influences. I guess there might be some posts about it here and there, but I wouldn't even know where to start searching. Any ideas?

I gotta say, George R.R. Martin really knows how to take bits and pieces from different stories and put them together in his own unique way. It's like a mixtape of alternate reality versions of different worlds. Even someone being called Elmo somehow makes sense in this grand scheme of things. It's like we're exploring different Earths, each with their own mythology and vibes.

Man, I've been devouring everything I can find about this stuff. The best part is that there's always more to discover. It's like George gives us a little nugget of information and suddenly we're down a rabbit hole of 50 different mythologies. And somehow, he manages to make it all relevant to his own world. It's genius, really.

Alright, I gotta get back to scrolling through this subreddit. Who knows what other mind-blowing theories I'll stumble upon next. Stay curious, my fellow Redditors!
------
Okay, here's my impolite and informal response on a new thread:

Spider-Man 2 sucks big time, and here's why. Firstly, electro is such a terrible villain. I mean, what's his purpose in the movie? Just to fill time and provide a flashy opponent for Spidey? That's weak. And don't even get me started on his character development. He goes from being a shy nerd to an evil murderer in the blink of an eye, all because he heard some voices? Give me a break! Plus, let's not forget how stupid he looks. Seriously, did they even try to make him intimidating?

And what's the deal with Peter constantly trying to uncover the truth about his parents? It's a completely pointless subplot. The movie tries to tie up loose ends from the first one, but it's just a waste of time. Peter doesn't even care about his parents, so why should we? It serves no purpose other than to reveal that only Peter could have become Spider-Man because of his DNA. Like, seriously? That completely undermines the whole point of Spider-Man being a normal kid who becomes a hero through accidental powers. Way to ruin the character, guys.

Oh, and let's not forget about Dane DeHaan as Harry Osborn and the Green Goblin. What a disaster. DeHaan's performance is so over-the-top and cartoonish that it's impossible to take him seriously as a real human being. And they try to cram Harry's whole character arc into one movie? It feels rushed and hollow. They never earned the right to tell his story properly. The Green Goblin ends up being nothing more than a glorified cameo, which is a waste of Spider-Man's best villain. And don't even get me started on how they kill off Gwen Stacy. It's done in such a botched and cartoonish manner that it's more funny than horrifying. Talk about a lack of emotional weight.

But you know what the worst part is? This movie exists solely to set up future movies. It's like a long PowerPoint presentation for Sony stockholders. They didn't make this movie because they had a great story to tell; they made it because they wanted to build their own Avengers-style universe. Congratulations, we all paid good money for a 2 and a half hour trailer. Thanks, Sony.

And finally, Andrew Garfield as Peter Parker. Ugh, just ugh. He's the worst Peter Parker you can possibly come up with. He's annoying, unlikeable, and can't even deliver his lines without sounding like a total idiot. Seriously, there's a scene where he makes horribly stereotypical jokes about Britain that made me want to gouge my eyes out. None of his scenes are endearing, they're either boring or cringe-worthy. If there's any justice in this universe, he'll never wear the Spider-Man costume again.

So yeah, Spider-Man 2 is a hot mess. The villain sucks, the subplot is pointless, it undermines the character, the Green Goblin is awful, the climax has no emotional weight, it exists solely to set up future movies, and Andrew Garfield is just the worst. Save your money and avoid this disaster of a movie.
------
Alright, I'm just gonna throw this out there, but I think we need to take a step back and really think about what we're doing here. I mean, seriously, kneeling during the anthem? Is that really the most effective way to bring attention to the issues we're facing? I don't think so.

Now I know some of you are gonna come at me with your arguments about free speech and all that, but let's be real here. This whole kneeling thing is just causing more division. It's not bringing people together, it's driving them apart. And you know who's loving this? Yeah, you guessed it, Trump. The guy knows how to play this game and he's using it to his advantage.

I mean, think about it. People were actually starting to talk about the issues at hand when this whole thing started. But now, all they're talking about is whether or not it's disrespectful to kneel during the anthem. That's not progress, my friends. That's a distraction.

And before you start bringing up MLK and all that, let me be clear. I'm not saying Kaepernick should just stand down and forget about everything. No, what I'm saying is that it's time to take it to the next level. Get more political, expand the movement beyond just kneeling. We need to change the narrative, because right now, it's all about the kneeling and that's playing right into Trump's hands.

Now, I know some of you are gonna say, "Well, what's your big idea then?" And to that, I say, I don't have all the answers. But I do know that we need something big, something new. And no, that doesn't mean we're ignoring or invalidating what Kaepernick has done in the past. It means we're evolving, we're adapting to the current situation.

And here's another thing. Some of you are gonna hate me for saying this, but maybe joining the police force isn't such a bad idea. I know, I know, the police have treated the black community like crap for far too long. But maybe, just maybe, having more black people in positions of power could make a difference. Maybe they can be the ones to make the good choices, to change the system from within.

I know it's a controversial idea, but we can't just sit around and wait for all the racist whites to magically stop being racist. We need to take action, and joining the police force could be one way to do that. It's not the ultimate solution, I get that. But it's a step, a small step towards change.

Now, I know some of you are gonna say, "But the environment these kids grow up in, the harassment they face, their families and friends wouldn't support them joining the force." And you know what? You're right. That needs to change. We need to confront these issues head-on, not shy away from them. We can't let fear dictate our actions.

We need review boards, we need a change in the makeup of the police force. Trust me, I know that's not gonna be easy. But we can't just give up and keep doing the same old thing. We need to be proactive, we need to push for change.

And who better to do that than Kaepernick? He's already made a huge impact, but we need him to be the face of this movement and push even harder. Because let's face it, Trump is killing us right now. We can't let him win.

So, yeah, maybe it's time to rethink this kneeling thing. Maybe it's time to focus on what really matters, to find new ways to bring attention to the issues we're facing. We can't let ourselves get distracted, we can't let Trump manipulate the narrative.

It's time to take it to the next level, to fight for real change. Are you with me?
------
Hey, I get that you might have some doubts or skepticism about the correlation between marginalization and mental health issues, but let's not jump to conclusions without considering the evidence. Numerous studies have shown a clear link between social exclusion and higher rates of depression, marginalization, and even suicide.

Firstly, research on racialized subjects in Canada has demonstrated the impact of institutional and structural discrimination on mental health. These studies have revealed that antagonistic legal actions and discrimination result in increased rates of suicide and depression among specific racial groups. You can find more information about this in the sources provided (<url>).

Furthermore, as for the LGBTQ+ community, it has been proven that individuals who identify as lesbian, gay, or bisexual are more likely to experience depression and suicidal ideation due to societal marginalization. The impact of bullying and harassment on transgender teens is undeniable, leading to a negative impact on their mental health. There are real experiences shared by transgender youth in our nation's schools that highlight the struggles they face on a daily basis (check out "Harsh Realities: The Experiences of Transgender Youth in Our Nation's Schools").

It's important to note that physical and verbal abuse also correlates with self-harming behaviors and suicidality. For transgender individuals, expressing their gender identity can often isolate them and subject them to exclusion, which negatively affects their mental well-being. One study conducted in the American Journal of Public Health explores the mental health disorders, psychological distress, and suicidality experienced by a diverse sample of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender youths.

The concept of minority stress theory plays a significant role here. While there may be criticisms surrounding the correlation versus causation argument, mental health professionals widely accept this theory. It helps explain the higher rates of mental health issues and suicide among marginalized groups. While I did find a study that investigates a causal relationship between discrimination and mental health, it's crucial to acknowledge that most of the evidence available is correlational (source: <url>). However, completely dismissing it outright, especially when there is limited causal proof for the assumption that being transgender leads to mental unhealthiness, goes against the majority view held by psychologists and seems unnecessarily contrarian. It's important to challenge negative assumptions and stereotypes about transgender individuals without any valid reason.

In conclusion, numerous studies have demonstrated the correlation between marginalization and mental health issues. While proving causation may be challenging, the evidence from research on racialized subjects, LGBTQ+ individuals, and transgender youth supports the idea that social exclusion contributes to higher rates of depression, marginalization, and suicide. So, let's not brush aside these findings based on mere skepticism and instead try to empathize and understand the struggles faced by marginalized individuals.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? Just want to drop a post and stir up some discussion on this whole supernatural thing. So, here's my take on it.

Alright, let's break this down. The word "supernatural" basically means anything that goes beyond our understanding of natural things. You know, like things we can observe and logically figure out. I mean, I'm a natural thing, you're a natural thing, and so is my heart. It's like common sense, right?

Now, some people might be like, "Hold up, that definition sounds fishy. Are you saying that anything we don't understand automatically becomes supernatural?" Well, yeah! That's pretty much the only definition that makes sense. If it doesn't fit into our understanding of the natural world, then it's supernatural. Simple as that.

But some smarties might argue that supernatural means something we'll never, ever understand. Like, it's forever beyond our grasp. Well, guess what? We don't know what the future holds, do we? Just because we don't under
------
Alright, I gotta say I'm a little tired of this whole citizenship argument, so let me break it down for you real simple. Citizenship is just a piece of paper that governments give out to maintain their precious nation-state structure. It's not some inherent characteristic that you're born with or entitled to by virtue of your humanity. Throughout history, people have been conquered, had their citizenships changed, and had their rights stripped away, all because of some political power play. So don't give me this nonsense about how citizenship is some sacred thing.

And let's address this whole collective agreement thing. Yeah, sure, the "collective" has agreed to live under the laws of the United States, but that doesn't mean those laws are fair or just. Just because a majority of people are okay with something doesn't make it right. As an individualist, I believe in the sanctity of the individual and their right to live and work wherever they damn well please, regardless of their nationality or migrant status.

So when you start talking about welfare and how non-citizens shouldn't be entitled to the same benefits as citizens, I call bullshit. If you want to argue that people who don't contribute to the system shouldn't receive welfare, fine. That's a reasonable stance. But don't bring up this arbitrary distinction of citizenship as if it's some legitimate basis for denying people the help they need.

And hey, speaking of welfare, let me hit you with some facts. There have been studies that show that immigration actually increases the overall welfare of native-born Americans. Yeah, you heard that right. Immigration benefits us all. It creates jobs, raises wages, and even lowers prices. So next time you want to spout off about how immigrants are taking our welfare, maybe do some research first.

There was this one study in April 2017 that analyzed the changes in the 1990s and 2000s. It found that the H-1B program, which brings in skilled immigrants, actually led to more Indians working in computer science occupations, boosting IT output in India by 5%. On the flip side, it also led to native-born Americans switching to non-CS occupations, reducing the native CS workforce by 9%. But guess what? The combined income of both countries increased by 0.36% because of this migration.

And then there's another study from February 2017 that found that, without immigration, wages for US computer scientists would have been higher and employment in the field would have been higher too. But here's the kicker: immigration benefited other industries by creating complements in production, lowering prices, and raising overall IT output. And let's not forget about the higher profits that firms in the IT sector enjoyed thanks to immigration.

Now, if you want even more evidence, go check out this article from 2008. It argues that raising the cap on H-1B visas would actually create more jobs and higher wages for American workers. It would also bring in highly skilled workers who would contribute significant tax revenue. So not only would it benefit the economy, it would also help offset the federal deficit.

So there you have it. Immigration isn't some drain on our welfare system; it actually benefits us all. And this whole notion of citizenship being the end-all, be-all just doesn't hold up under scrutiny. It's time to move past these arbitrary distinctions and embrace the idea that we're all individuals with the right to pursue a better life, no matter where we come from.
------
Yo, what's up everyone? So, I just gotta rant about this whole amphetamine situation because it's been messing with my head lately. I mean, this stuff is seriously tricky.

Okay, first off, let me just say that the first few times you try it, it feels freaking amazing. It's like your confidence skyrockets, you can talk to anyone, and you can dance all night without getting tired. And unlike coke, you don't have to keep snorting that shit every hour to keep the buzz going.

But here's the thing, they always warn you about how addictive it is. So you try to be responsible, you know, using it sparingly, maybe once a month or so. You only use it when someone offers it to you at a party or whatever.

But then you got this epic party coming up, and your usual suppliers won't be there. So, you decide to take matters into your own hands and buy some for yourself. Just a few grams, nothing major. You think it'll last you ages.

Fast forward to the party. You're on this amphetamine high and it's freaking insane. Everyone else is wasted, stumbling around like fools, but you're in the zone. You're having the time of your life, feeling hyped and confident as hell.

The best part? Your thinking isn't even impaired. It's like you're more sober than sober itself. All the girls are flocking to you because you seem like the only sane person in the room. It's like they're attracted to the "sober" version of you. But deep down, you wonder if they actually like you or just the amped-up version of you.

And guess what? You still have a bunch of that shit left at home. No more parties on the horizon though. You're just going through the daily grind of work like everyone else. And let's be real, we all have those days where we feel like absolute crap. You didn't get enough sleep, you had a fight with someone, your mood is down in the dumps. But hey, that's life, right? You just gotta push through it and keep going.

Except, hold up. You got something that others don't have. A freaking cheat code, man. This drug is like a magic potion that turns your crappy days into the best ones. Suddenly, you realize the potential of this stuff for work, school, or university.

You start thinking, damn, this is the perfect drug. It's so versatile. You can use it to kick ass at work and party your ass off. What more could you want? Sure, the comedowns suck, and you're losing weight like crazy because you can't eat for shit. But who cares, right? You were probably eating too damn much anyway.

Now, this is where shit starts to get real. This little sneaky drug starts taking control of your life without you even realizing it. It hijacks your brain's reward center, man. Your brain starts associating those dopamine surges with healthy, good activities like eating, socializing, and sex. And oh yeah, amphetamine.

But here's the thing, you never feel like you're losing control because your brain is like, "Yo, this is awesome, keep doing it, man!" It tricks you into thinking that this shit is healthy for you. Sneaky little bastard.

And the worst part? You start rationalizing your usage. You find every excuse in the book to keep doing it. Your friends try to intervene, expressing their concerns and telling you to slow down. But come on, what the hell do they know? They're just overreacting. You're totally in control, right? Yeah, okay.

But here's the reality check. The comedowns start getting worse, the breaks become shorter, and your tolerance starts freaking rising. You start realizing that you're overdoing it, but you make empty promises to yourself. "I'll stop after this weekend. Next week for sure. Maybe next month. Just one more time, man."

But let's be honest, we all know those promises aren't worth shit. You're hooked, whether you want to admit it or not. Amphetamine has got its claws deep in your brain, and it's not letting go without a fight.

So yeah, amphetamine is one tricky little substance. It starts off as this amazing party drug, making you feel invincible. But before you know it, it's controlling your life, and you're just along for the ride. So, think twice before you mess around with this stuff, my friends. Stay safe out there. Peace.
------
Yo, what's up everyone? Just gonna drop my two cents here. So, I saw this post about tipping and all that jazz, and I gotta say, tipping is overrated. Like seriously, why do we even have to do it in the first place?

Okay, so let me break it down for y'all. First off, this person was talking about how waiters lose money if we don't tip them. But come on, let's be real here, they're not losing anything. They're still getting paid by the restaurant, right? It's not like they're relying solely on tips to make a living. So, I don't see how not tipping affects their bank account.

And let's talk about expectations. The OP in that post was saying that if you order a simple item and only need a few minutes of attention from the waiter, then it's cool not to tip. And honestly, I agree with that. If all I'm doing is ordering a burger and maybe asking for a refill, why should I feel compelled to give extra money? It's not like the waiter went above and beyond for me. Keep it simple, people!

Oh, and can we talk about entitlement for a sec? I get it, working in the service industry can be tough. But guess what? There are plenty of other jobs out there that suck just as much, if not more. I've worked my fair share of minimum wage gigs where I busted my ass and didn't get tips. Did I complain? Nope. So why should waiters think they're entitled to extra cash just for doing their job?

Another thing that grinds my gears is how society has made tipping into such a big deal. Like, seriously, why do we have to tip certain professions and not others? It's so arbitrary. I mean, I don't see people tipping their doctors or their plumbers. They provide a service too, don't they? So why the double standard?

Oh, and before I wrap this up, let me just say one more thing. If you're gonna argue with me about tipping, at least bring some valid points to the table. Don't just get all butthurt because I think tipping is optional. Come on, let's have a civilized discussion about this. I'm open to hearing different perspectives, but don't come at me with some weak argument about waiters relying on tips to survive.

Alright, rant over. Peace out, Reddit! Keep it real, folks.
------
Hey, I couldn't help but notice your post. Gotta say, I think you're completely off base here. South Sudan having too much government? Seriously? Have you seen the state of that country? It's practically a military dictatorship! The government there is so corrupt and oppressive, it's insane. And you wanna talk about it being "libertarian"? Ha!

But hey, let's talk about your other points. You say that private companies exist solely to make a profit. Well, duh! That's kind of the whole point, isn't it? If companies aren't making money, they're gonna go out of business, simple as that. It's called survival of the fittest, my friend. And don't even get me started on your charity comment. You really think the government is charitable? Please, give me a break. They exist to serve themselves, not us.

Now, you claim that government services are somehow better than private ones, just because they supposedly "break even". But come on, who are you kidding? How do you define "breaking even" when it comes to an entire government? By the way they spend our tax dollars? Yeah, that's real efficient. And let's not forget about all those government businesses that actually make money. Sure, it's not like they're giving that money back to the people. They just spend it on other useless programs. It's like a big ol' payout to themselves, courtesy of us taxpayers.

Oh, and let's talk about telecom. You think municipal ISPs are the answer? Ha, good one. Have you tried dealing with one of those? They may be cheaper, but that's because they have zero competition. Private ISPs are forced into exclusivity agreements, which just means higher prices for us. And don't even get me started on how private ISPs supposedly throttle internet speeds for emergency services. That's just a load of crap. Our real problem with telecom in Canada isn't a lack of government involvement, it's actually too much government involvement. They make it a nightmare for smaller or local ISPs to exist, which is why we're stuck with these big guys.

And healthcare? Please, don't even start with the US. Their system is far from privatized. They have Medicare, Medicaid, and all sorts of government regulations that just mess things up. Sure, private healthcare can be expensive, but overall it's more efficient and effective if you can afford it. But no, let's focus on the US and pretend that's what privatized healthcare looks like. You want to see a real disaster? Just take a look at our oh-so-great Canadian healthcare system. Wait times for everything, drugs and medicine that aren't covered by our government insurance, and a severe shortage of doctors. Yep, truly the pinnacle of healthcare, huh?

So, there you have it. Your arguments just don't hold up. More government isn't the solution to our problems. In fact, it's often the cause of them. We need less intervention, more competition, and the freedom to make our own choices. That's what true progress looks like.
------
Wow, okay, hold up a second. I couldn't help but notice your response to the previous comment, and let me tell you, it's full of flaws and contradictions. I mean, seriously, where do I even begin with this?

First off, you seem to be fixated on this whole therapist thing. Yeah, sure, the Washington Post article may not have mentioned Kavanaugh's name in the therapist's notes, but does that automatically mean she's lying? No. It just means that maybe the notes weren't detailed enough or that the article didn't include all the information. So to jump to the conclusion that she's making it all up is just plain absurd.

And then you start going on about memory accuracy. Look, buddy, memory is a funny thing. We all know it can be flawed and subjective at times. But just because something happened a long time ago doesn't automatically mean it's false. People remember traumatic events vividly, sometimes even more so than mundane everyday activities. So to dismiss her allegations solely based on the fact that it's an old memory is just ignorant.

And let's not forget your little rant about hearsay evidence. Yes, I get it, hearsay is generally not admissible in court. But guess what? This isn't a court of law, my friend. This is a discussion on an internet forum. We're not bound by strict legal standards here. We're just trying to have a conversation and share our thoughts. So maybe ease up on the whole "rules of evidence" spiel, huh?

And don't even get me started on your comparison of this situation to a criminal trial. Like, seriously? You think we should just assume guilt without any sort of process? That's not how any sane society works. We have trials, defense lawyers, and all that "inconvenient stuff" for a reason  to ensure fairness and justice. So to suggest that we should skip all that and just blindly accept her allegation is beyond ridiculous.

Oh, and let's not forget your insinuation that she's doing this for political reasons. I mean, come on! Just because someone attaches a name to an allegation doesn't automatically mean it's politically motivated. Maybe she mentioned Kavanaugh's name because she genuinely believes he was the one who assaulted her. And let's not forget that she didn't initially want her name to be made public, so I highly doubt she was seeking some political agenda right from the start.

Look, I understand we all have our biases and opinions, but the way you're dismissing this woman's allegations without even considering the possibility that they might be true is just plain unfair. It's important to approach these discussions with an open mind and critical thinking. Instead of immediately shooting down her story, maybe we should be asking questions, seeking more information, and trying to understand the situation better.

So, before you go accusing others of cognitive bias and naivety, take a good, hard look in the mirror. Because your response reeks of exactly that  bias and naivety. Let's try to elevate the level of discourse here and have a respectful conversation rather than resorting to unfounded accusations and logical fallacies. Can we do that?
------
Okay, look, I gotta get something off my chest. I've been seeing a lot of these posts lately about the rich and powerful and how they're screwing everyone over. I get it, I really do. It sucks that there are people out there with all this money and influence, while the rest of us struggle to make ends meet. But come on, people, let's be real here.

First off, who the hell has the authority to determine how big banks should run? Like seriously, is there some kind of playbook or secret club where they discuss this stuff? I highly doubt it. It's not easy to make laws that target these niche situations that only apply to a tiny fraction of the population. We can't just generalize and expect it to work. We need to understand the specific circumstances of what's going on, how money laundering is happening, and the loopholes being exploited. Then, maybe we can start making some reasonable laws against it.

And let's not forget, this is an international problem. It's not just the US that's corrupt. If the US decided to crack down on the super rich, they can just hop on their private jets and find some other country that'll gladly accept their corrupt cash. You think the US is bad? Try telling Saudi Arabia to be less greedy. Good luck with that.

But hey, don't get me wrong. I'm not saying the US is perfect or anything. Far from it. But at least here, we have the opportunity to get rich if we work hard enough. Not everyone is starving to death like those poor folks in Venezuela. Yeah, things aren't perfect, but let's not act like we're living in a third-world country here.

Now, on to another point that's been bothering me. What the hell does rape and child molestation have to do with the rich/poor divide? I mean, seriously? These crimes are personal and deeply disturbing, and they're not related to someone's bank account. The reason they often go unpunished is because they're difficult to prove, not because of some rich conspiracy. Sure, we could crack down harder on these crimes, but then you'd be here whining about innocent people getting wrongly convicted.

Look, I get it, rich people can do a lot of damage. Having all that power and money can really mess with a person. But it's not like they're all sitting around plotting how to ruin everyone's lives. Some of them actually try to do good, like Bill Gates. And yeah, sometimes they make mistakes or take risks that end up screwing people over. It's not intentional most of the time, it's just the nature of the game.

And don't give me this crap about how they live behind veils and don't understand us common folk. Look, when you're in a top-level position, every little thing you say or do can cause a national scandal. So yeah, they have to be careful. It's not about them being heartless, it's about protecting themselves from the barbarity of the masses who can't handle the pressure. Trust me, we'd all be doing the same thing if we were in their shoes.

So, before you start jumping on the bandwagon and complaining about the rich, think for a minute. Nothing is black and white, and life isn't fair. Maybe instead of pointing fingers and blaming others, we should focus on what we can do to improve our own situations. Just a thought.
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! I just wanted to chime in as an airline pilot and shed some light on a few things that have been discussed in this thread. Now, before we get into it, let me just say that I might sound a bit informal and impolite here, so if you're easily offended or prefer a more proper tone, I suggest you skip this post.

First off, let's talk about crew meals. Yeah, we would all love if the company provided us with some tasty grub. But guess what? Most of the time, we're just offered leftover first-class meals from the flight attendants. Not exactly the most glamorous fare, huh? The thing is, airlines are focused on one thing and one thing only: profit. They ain't gonna be handing out free meals unless they absolutely have to. And trust me, checked bags fees aren't going anywhere either. It's all about the moolah, my friends!

Now, some airlines do give their pilots meals under their contract, but you know who doesn't? Regional pilots. Nope, they gotta fend for themselves. It's like the airlines are saying, "Hey, buddy, you're flying the same plane, doing the same job, but sorry, no meal for you!" Seems unfair, right? But hey, that's just the way it is. Money talks, my friends.

Oh, and here's a fun fact for you. Back in the 1980s, American Airlines decided to save some dough by removing one olive from each first-class meal. Yeah, you heard that right, one measly olive. And you know how much they saved? About $300,000 a year! Now, imagine if they splurged on a whole meal for each pilot. That's a whole lot of cheddar being eaten up by us hungry aviators.

Now, let's move on to the topic of changing planes. It can be a real hit or miss, folks. Sometimes, you'll fly the same plane for all your flights in a day. Other times, you'll switch planes multiple times. Why, you ask? Well, there could be a bunch of reasons. Maybe one plane has some broken stuff that needs fixing, so they send it off to a maintenance base in a certain city. Or maybe they just need that specific plane to keep flying, so another crew will take over. It's all about logistics and making sure everything keeps running smoothly. And hey, sometimes you just gotta roll with the punches, right?

Speaking of rolling with it, let's talk about starting in a new airport every day. Yep, it's called an "overnight" for us pilots and flight attendants. You see, we have our respective "base" where we start and finish our trips. But have you ever wondered how we magically appear in a small town airport for that early morning flight? Well, my friend, it's all thanks to the overnight. A typical day usually involves flying from our hub to an outstation, then back to the hub or maybe even another hub, and then off to another outstation. We keep doing this dance for about 3-5 days, hopping around different airports and staying in hotels. Finally, on the last day, we arrive back at our base and head home. Some of us live nearby and can drive back, while others have to commute using our travel benefits or hop on another carrier's jumpseat. Yeah, it's a bit of a hassle, but it's just part of the job.

So, to wrap it up, I gotta say, your last paragraph hits the nail on the head. It takes some getting used to, but once you've been in the game for a while, it becomes second nature. Sorry if I rambled a bit, but I'm always here to answer any questions you might have. Just hit me up and I'll clarify whatever you need. Safe travels, everyone!
------
Hey, fellow Redditors! I need to vent about my roommate situation because it's driving me insane. Let me paint a picture for you: my roommate Amy is this spoiled little princess who thinks the world revolves around her. She's used to getting everything she wants and doesn't seem to understand the concept of consideration or compromise. So here's the deal.

Amy is one of those early birds who goes to bed at ridiculously early times. I, on the other hand, am more of a night owl. I like to hang out with my friends and have a good time before returning to our cozy little dorm room. But here's the kicker - I try to be as quiet as possible when I enter the room. I use a dim lamp, avoid using a hair dryer, and basically tiptoe around so I don't disturb precious Amy.

But guess what? Amy doesn't give a damn about my sleep or well-being. She wakes up each morning and creates a ruckus fit for a marching band. Slamming drawers, banging doors, typing like a maniac, and worst of all, she leaves the blinding overhead light on while I'm trying to catch some shut-eye. And get this, she uses her goddamn hair dryer every single morning for an eternity. Seriously, it feels like she's standing there blow-drying her hair for half a century. Today was the last straw when she decided to do it from 8:15 to 8:30, effectively waking me up from my peaceful slumber. I have class later in the day, so of course, I'm fuming that my precious sleep was cut short.

Now, you might be thinking, why not just talk to her about it? Well, let me tell you, I've already annoyed her once when I had the audacity to say that her boyfriend couldn't stay over. We're supposed to be friends, but it seems like the moment I try to address any concerns, it's like I'm poking a bear with a stick. So now, I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place, or should I say, between a restless night and an angry roommate.

I'm just trying to be polite and considerate here, but it seems like Amy doesn't understand the meaning of those words. She goes on with her life without a care in the world, while I'm left suffering the consequences of her inconsiderate actions. I could really use some advice on how to approach this delicate situation. Should I just straight-up ask her to use her hair dryer in the communal bathroom? Is that too much to ask? 

Here's the thing, though. It's not just about the hair dryer, it's about her complete unwillingness to compromise or discuss any sort of rules or preferences for living together. I tried initiating a conversation about it on the first and second day, but she either left the room or responded with one-word answers. How's that for communication skills, huh? I'm willing to come back earlier if that's what she wants, but I can't even start the conversation with her. 

Am I being unreasonable here? Is it too much to ask for a couple more hours of sleep in the morning? We live near the bathrooms, so she won't exactly be trekking through a snowstorm to blow dry her hair. 

TL;DR - I'm stuck with an inconsiderate roommate who keeps waking me up in the morning with her hair dryer and loud habits. I need advice on how to talk to her about this without causing World War III. Help a Redditor out, please!
------
Hey guys, I just had the shittiest experience at the Singapore airport and I need to vent. So, let me give you some background first. I've lived in Singapore for most of my damn life, but my family never bothered becoming permanent residents because, well, I don't know, they just didn't feel like it I guess. Anyway, after high school, I went abroad for college, but I still visit my family on short-term passes during breaks.

So, this summer I went back to Singapore for a few weeks before heading off to Hong Kong to visit a friend. When I got back to Singapore, right at immigration, I encountered this incredibly unfriendly lady. Now, I've dealt with my fair share of rude airport agents, so I didn't think much of it. But she took it to a whole new level.

She started asking me the usual questions, but every time I misunderstood her or she couldn't hear me, she raised her damn voice or gave me some snarky response. Like seriously, what is her problem? I hadn't even done anything wrong, yet she seemed royally pissed off at me for no apparent reason. It was freaking 2am, and I was tired as hell, so I tried to be polite and just get through the damn process.

But wait, it gets worse. I took out my phone just to check the freaking time, and when I turned it off, it made that typical click sound that all iPhones make. And you won't believe what happened next. This lady accused me of taking a photo of her, which I obviously didn't do, and demanded that I delete it. Are you kidding me? I showed her the photo app on my phone to prove that there wasn't a photo of her, and she just grabbed my phone and started going through it herself. And guess what? When I explained to her that the click sound was just from the phone turning off, she completely ignored me! What a complete bitch!

And her behavior just kept escalating. She noticed that I had been in Singapore just the previous week, so she asked me why I was back so soon. I told her that my freaking family lives here, and I even had a return ticket to go back to school. But no, that wasn't enough for her. She decided to detain me and demanded that I go to the office for a "secondary inspection." Like, seriously, what the actual fuck? I didn't even know where to go, so I asked her if I should follow her, and she snapped back at me, "How else are you supposed to get there if you don't follow me?" Wow, thanks for the helpful advice, you miserable excuse for a human being.

But here's the best part. As she was dragging me through the airport, passing by all the other travelers waiting in line, she has the audacity to shout out, "If you go traveling, don't throw tantrums!" Can you believe this shit? What was her problem with me? I couldn't believe she was trying to humiliate me in front of everyone just because of some nonexistent photo I supposedly took so I could shame her on social media or some nonsense like that.

Anyway, she finally took me to another counter, and by this point, I was freaking nervous as hell. I was tapping my fingers against the counter out of sheer anxiety, and this male agent gives me this hard look, and in the most harsh tone ever, tells me to stop. Seriously, did everyone in this damn place wake up on the wrong side of the bed or what?

Thankfully, the actual agents who conducted my "secondary inspection" were somewhat more decent. They asked me a bunch of questions and even asked for my mom's employment pass details and phone number so they could confirm my answers. They then took me to a freaking waiting room while they called my mom. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, they came back and told me I was free to go with a 30-day pass. I mean, seriously? Did they need to put me through all that just to give me a fricking 30-day pass?

After this whole messed up experience, I just felt dehumanized. I used to consider Singapore my home, but now it feels like I'm not even allowed here. Oh, and get this, I'm Filipino, which apparently is some kind of red flag to these immigration officers. But come on, I used to live here, I have family living here, so you'd think I wouldn't have any issues, right?

Now, I'm worried about how this bullshit situation will affect my future travel plans. Will I be flagged as a suspicious person every time I come back? Could this immigration agent have labeled me as "difficult" or "insubordinate" or some crap like that? I'm just scared shitless about having a bad mark on my record and going through this whole damn thing all over again.

Sorry for the long rant, guys, but I just needed to let it all out. Has anyone else experienced such utter bullshit at the hands of these so-called immigration officers? I can't be the only one, right? Please tell me I'm not alone in this nightmare. Ugh.
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I've got some thoughts and feelings about this book that I just need to get off my chest. First off, let me just say that I wasn't a fan. I mean, seriously, what's with all the hype surrounding this so-called "dark romance"? I decided to give it a shot because I never read it during my school years, and in my 30s, I thought, why not? But man, was I disappointed.

So, there's this forward by Charlotte, the author's sister, and she's all like, "Oh, this book was scandalous for its time, so scandalous that I had to take out some juicy bits." Well, that definitely caught my attention. I mean, if it was so shocking back then, it must be wild, right? Wrong.

Instead of the epic love story I was hoping for, it turned out to be this strange tale about an aristocrat who takes in this mysterious dark-skinned boy named Heathcliff. Now, he's not actually black or anything, but the way he's described in the book, you'd think he was from another race entirely. Talk about misleading.

Anyway, this poor Heathcliff grows up among a bunch of snobby rich kids who treat him like garbage. Seriously, it's like every character in this book is just out to dump on Heathcliff. The only person who shows him any kindness is his adoptive father, but oh no, he kicks the bucket and leaves Heathcliff to fend for himself.

And guess what? Heathcliff grows up and seeks revenge on everyone and their descendants. Yup, that's the whole plot right there. Revenge, revenge, and more revenge. How is that a love story? Where's the romance? It's nowhere to be found, my friends.

Now, here's where things get interesting. The author, Emily Bront, she's this unmarried woman who lived as a recluse in her childhood home. Meanwhile, her sisters were out there conquering the literary world. So, what was Emily trying to say with this book? That's the million-dollar question.

Was she making some sort of social commentary about England's messed up caste system? Was she trying to say that the land-owning class were a bunch of jerks? And what about poor Heathcliff? He's basically portrayed as sub-human. Is she saying that the lower class is just a bunch of trash? Honestly, it's hard to say.

I think she might be trying to say that everyone sucks. Yeah, that's right. She's calling us all subhuman and telling us to leave her alone. I mean, that's the vibe I'm getting here. And you know what? Fine, Emily, if that's how you feel, then whatever.

But let's talk about the actual reading experience, or lack thereof. The characters are all terrible. Seriously, not a single likable person in the bunch. They're all just awful human beings. And the book just ends. Poof. Done. Come on, Emily, give us something more.

But you know what sticks with me? It's this image of this mysterious woman who chooses to stay out of the world and writes this one solitary book about it, only to disappear into the shadows. There's something intriguing about that, I'll give her that.

Anyway, that's my two cents on this whole Wuthering Heights thing. To sum it up, the book wasn't entertaining, the characters were despicable, and the whole love story angle was non-existent. But hey, at least it got me thinking about the enigmatic Emily Bront. And now, I think it's time for me to leave this subreddit and never look back.
------
Bro, let me tell you something about the guns in Battlefield 3 and Battlefield 4. Yeah, sure, BF3 might have had fewer guns than BF4, but each gun in BF3 had its own damn personality. You could feel the difference when you picked up a new weapon. It was like each one had a soul, ya know?

But hold up, that ain't the whole story. Picture this: imagine there's a line with all the BF3 guns listed on it, right? Now, overlay the BF4 guns onto that line. What do you see? A whole bunch more guns, my dude. And a lot of those guns fall somewhere in between the positions of the BF3 guns on that line.

Now, here's where it gets interesting. In BF4, a bunch of the guns in the same class play pretty damn similar to each other. It's like they're siblings or something. But hey, having more guns means you got more choices for your loadouts. You can pick and choose how you want your guns to perform, and even how they look because aesthetics matter, man. I mean, who wants to be stuck with an ugly-ass gun?

And let's not forget about the attachment system, bro. It's robust as hell. You can pimp out your guns with all sorts of attachments and really make them your own. That's power, my friend. You can tailor your guns to your exact desired specs. How sick is that?

Now, I get it. Some people might complain that certain weapons and attachments aren't as viable as others. They might say there are "best in class" guns and some that are just collecting dust. But that ain't the fault of having more guns, my dude. That's just a balancing issue that the devs need to work on. They gotta take feedback from players and tweak those numbers to make things more balanced.

But here's the thing, even if there are niche weapons and attachments that only a small portion of players enjoy, why is that a bad thing? Why would you ever want fewer weapons when there are people in the community who are loving the variety? It makes no damn sense to me. It's like complaining about too many moves in Pokemon that are only used in specific builds. Embrace the options, man!

And you know what? Having more guns instead of super unique ones is probably just a time constraint thing for the devs. It's easier to make slight variations of a base archetype and slap on a new model than creating something completely out of this world. Look at Smash Bros Ultimate with its echo characters or the old games' clone characters. It's a way to pump out content faster and still give us variety. I'm all for it. It's better than getting no variety at all, like what happened in BF1 and made that shit grow stale real quick.

So, in conclusion, BF4 has guns that play uniquely like in BF3, but it also throws in a whole bunch of guns that fall in between. It's like having the best of both worlds, my dude. You get the granular control over your loadouts and the freedom to pick guns that look sick as hell. So don't hate on the extra choices, embrace them and go wreck some noobs on the battlefield! Peace out.
------
Man, I gotta say, this whole debate about retributive justice is starting to get on my nerves. Like seriously, who the hell cares about morality when we're talking about murderers? It's all about whether you think killing someone in response to a premeditated murder is justified or not.

And honestly, I think sometimes it is warranted. Like, let's take the Boston Marathon bomber for example. Executing that piece of shit isn't "stooping to their levels." I mean, come on, we put people who kidnap and imprison others in jail, so why not do the same to these scumbags?

Now, you might argue that society should strive to be better than that. Well, sure, we could try, but personally, I don't think giving someone like Ted Bundy or the Boston Marathon bomber life in prison instead of death is really "being better." In fact, I find it morally repulsive. These guys have caused so much pain and suffering, they deserve the ultimate punishment.

And don't even get me started on the Nazi example. Yeah, what they did was horrendous, but it's not exactly the same as executing American soldiers and officers responsible for war crimes. I mean, we didn't commit a genocide that exterminated millions of people. But yeah, in certain instances, Americans should definitely face the death penalty for war crimes.

I get that it's a complex topic and there are nuances to consider, but honestly, I don't think you're giving enough credit to the morality and ethics involved in state actions. It's pretty clear cut for me. Certain individuals should be put to death for the most vile and heinous crimes. Just like some should be locked up for life. And sure, the potential for innocent people to be executed is a concern, but hey, if we reserve capital punishment for the absolute worst of the worst and make damn sure they're guilty, then there's no nuance to worry about.

Look, I know we probably won't see eye to eye on this, just like pro-life and pro-choice folks. But just as I reject the idea that a two-week-old pregnancy is a human life, I also reject the notion that everyone has an inherent right to life. We just fundamentally disagree, man.
------
Alright, listen up, fellow Redditors. I know there are some hardcore literary snobs in this subreddit who think they have all the answers when it comes to good books. But let me tell you, I'm just an average Joe who likes to read, and I don't quite get the hype around Murakami. Yeah, yeah, before you lose your minds, I'm not saying he's terrible or anything, I just don't understand what all the fuss is about.

Now, when it comes to authors I enjoy, William Gaddis is where it's at. I've only read "The Recognitions," but man, that book was something else. I even got a cheap copy of "JR" from a thrift store, but I haven't gotten around to reading it yet. I gotta say, I prefer Gaddis over the Pynchon I've read so far. And don't even get me started on DeLillo. I've read a few of his books, like "White Noise," but they were decent at best.

But hey, let me be clear, I don't hate Pynchon. He's a talented author and deserves recognition. However, here on Reddit, it feels like there's this cult-like obsession with his books. Sure, that's better than people worshiping an author like a deity, but I just don't share the same passion for "Gravity's Rainbow" that seems to be everywhere. I've read it twice, but it didn't become a life-changing experience for me like it did for some folks.

Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it's a bad book. I can't declare something a masterpiece because, well, who am I to judge? Although, I will say that Robert Musil is definitely a master in my eyes (I'm just dropping his name here to make sure he gets some love). But back to Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow" is probably a masterpiece, at least according to the general consensus.

Look, maybe I'm just being contrarian here. Pynchon isn't exactly an unknown author, and the way people talk about him on Reddit makes it seem like he's some sort of hidden gem. Another author who gets lots of attention is Cormac McCarthy, but I'm not fully sold on him. Nope, sorry guys, I thought "The Road" was a mediocre post-apocalyptic novel, and I suspect it won awards more due to politics in the literary world than its actual merit. "No Country for Old Men" was a fun read, but it felt like a movie script.

I'm just not drinking the McCarthy Kool-Aid, ya know? I'm sure there are writers out there who are just as good, if not better, but they don't seem to get enough attention on r/books. It's frustrating to see the same names mentioned over and over again when there's a whole world of literature waiting to be explored.

Now, let's talk about how to present ourselves on Reddit. Personally, I'm not an academic or anything, but I do read a fair amount. It's not like I consume books at an inhuman rate, but I definitely read more than your average Joe. So, it's difficult for me to engage with the r/badliterature crowd because I don't share their hatred for contemporary big-name authors. I mean, Jonathan Franzen's books were just "fine" in my opinion. They weren't mind-blowing, but they weren't the worst things I've ever read either. And trust me, I'd take Franzen over Ayn Rand any day.

Oh, and while we're at it, can we please stop caring so much about what these authors do in their personal lives? Franzen's actions or Richard Ford's alleged misogyny don't affect their writing. I mean, come on, Franzen isn't single-handedly contributing to the rise of white supremacists or anything. Let's separate the art from the artist, people. Plenty of artists have done far worse things, and yet we still appreciate their work.

When I was studying English in college about ten years ago, I thought I was the coolest and smartest person around because I had read Proust, Pynchon, DFW (yeah, I'm not head-over-heels for him either, just like the r/badliterature folks), Gaddis, Moby Dick, pretty much everything in English by Bolao, and a bunch of other stuff. I even knew a thing or two about Zizek, Hegel, and Kant. Anything else assigned by my professors was automatically labeled as crap.

But you know what? As I grew older and wiser, I realized that I was dismissing a lot of great literature just because it didn't fit my narrow view of what was good. I also learned that if I ever wanted to get published, I needed to stop obsessing over the encyclopedic knowledge of certain authors, because truth be told, I'll never be on their level. Their capacity for knowledge and trivia is mind-boggling, but there are other literary skills that deserve recognition too.

Pynchon may resonate with awkward 20-year-olds trying to find their way through college, and that's cool. Beckett was my go-to for those existential crises, but I still appreciated Pynchon to a lesser degree. However, let's not forget that there are plenty of good books out there that don't rely on fireworks and grandiose presentation. Some of the best books are quiet and subtle, and those deserve just as much love.

So, my fellow Redditors, let's expand our horizons and open ourselves up to different authors and styles. Let's not blindly follow the Reddit hivemind and give attention to the same old names. There's a whole literary world out there waiting to be explored, so let's explore it together and keep our minds open.
------
Hey there! So, I've got some insight on this topic that might interest you. I'm an electrical engineer with a few years of experience in power plants and transmission. Brace yourself for my long-ass reply, but don't say I didn't warn ya!

Let's talk about nuclear power, shall we? Now, here's the thing: nuclear is one expensive son of a gun to build. And it ain't a walk in the park either. Take, for example, the Virgil C Summer plant in South Carolina. They had the brilliant idea of shelling out 9 freakin' billion dollars to add two nuclear units to their already-existing plant. Guess what happened? Westinghouse, the big shot in the power industry, took on the project and BAM! Bankrupted their nuclear division like there's no tomorrow. Toshiba then tries to step in and save the day, but they're also taking massive losses as a result. Talk about a hot mess!

Now, let's get nerdy with some cost analysis. These units being built can pump out about 1000 MW (I'm rounding up 'cause I'm too lazy for precision). So let's say by some miracle the project gets completed without any extra cash burned through (which is impossible), they would've spent a whopping 14 billion dollars just to produce 2000 MW. And hey, we're not even talking about the costs of running the damn thing!

Now, compare this to a good ol' natural gas plant. The last one I worked on had a budget of about 600 million dollars and cranked out nearly 500 MW. And get this: it only took less than 3 years to build! So, when you do the math, the cost per megawatt for this badass plant was around 1.2 million dollars. Compare that to the 7 million dollars per megawatt of the unfinished Virgil C Summer plant. Talk about a wallet buster, huh? And remember, even if the nuclear plant didn't go over budget (which is a rare occurrence), it's still triple the cost and takes way longer to finish.

But wait, there's more! Running a nuclear plant is a total nightmare for a couple of reasons. First off, these suckers have a massive impact on the grid when one unit decides to take a little vacation. To avoid another blackout catastrophe like the one in 2003, we have NERC, a fancy federal organization that lays down strict regulations on any equipment connected to our transmission grid. Working in a nuclear site is an absolute pain in the you-know-what because of all these regulations. It's like trying to juggle flaming chainsaws while doing the splits!

And here's reason number two: the potential for a major accident. We all know about the infamous Chernobyl disaster, right? That plant in Russia went kaboom in the 1980s and left a whole city uninhabitable till this day. The estimated death toll from that disaster? A whopping 4000 lives! But hold your horses, my friend, Chernobyl ain't the only black mark on nuclear plants. We also have Fukushima and Three Mile Island, two other major disasters you can dive into if you're into that sort of stuff.

Sure, technology has improved and nuclear plants have gotten safer over time. But we still gotta take all these factors into consideration. Personally, I think we're moving in the right direction with nuclear, but we gotta be careful not to rush into going 100% nuclear in a country as massive as ours. Let's not bite off more than we can chew, ya know?

Whew, I hope that answered your question! Sorry if I went off on a rant there, but I wanted to give you the full picture. Feel free to ask more if you want. Peace out!
------
Hey there fellow Redditors, I stumbled upon this post and figured I'd chime in with my two cents. So, I actually tried out some CBT (cognitive behavioral therapy) before giving ACT (acceptance and commitment therapy) a shot. Let me tell you, CBT had its moments, but constantly challenging my thoughts was just plain exhausting. Like seriously, who has the energy for that? And don't even get me started on the whole visualization thing. Visualizing putting negative thoughts in a box? Yeah, that turned into some wild post-apocalyptic adventure inside my head. Talk about distracting!

Anyway, I haven't dabbled much in EMDR (eye movement desensitization and reprocessing), but my therapist seems to think it mostly works by distracting you while exposing you to whatever messed up stuff you're dealing with. Some people swear by it, especially for PTSD, but it's not exactly a one-size-fits-all solution. But hey, props to you for being open to trying new things, especially considering how draining the whole therapy process can be.

Now, here's the deal with ACT. It's basically like CBT, but with a different spin. Instead of trying to eliminate negative thoughts altogether, it's all about accepting them as part of life and choosing to act differently despite them. You can feel like hot garbage and still choose to be a decent human being. Personally, this approach has been a lifesaver for me. I've never been the biggest fan of myself, but I'm all about self-improvement and treating others well (even if they have questionable taste in liking me).

The key here is identifying your values and goals, not judging every single thought that pops into your head as good or bad, and learning to act in accordance with your values rather than being controlled by your thoughts and feelings. It takes practice, but it's worth it, believe me.

Oh, and here's a random thought: have you ever considered other factors that might be triggering your anxiety? Sounds weird, I know, but turns out I had a freaking food allergy that was messing with my heart, causing constant anxiety and panic attacks. Didn't take it seriously until I ended up in the ER with anaphylaxis. Once I cut out the culprit completely, my GAD disappeared. And just a heads up, if you take vitamin D without also taking magnesium, you might end up with a racing heart and palpitations like yours truly.

Damn, I'm blabbering on and on here. Sorry, not sorry. Feel free to hit me up with more questions if you're still curious. I'll be lurking in the comment section, ready to drop some life wisdom (or more rants, who knows?). Peace out!
------
Alright, so let me get this straight. President Donald Trump had a hissy fit because he found out that the special counsel Robert Mueller had subpoenaed records from Deutsche Bank? And he decided to throw a tantrum at his former lawyer, John Dowd, at 7 in the freaking morning? Talk about waking up on the wrong side of the bed.

I mean, come on! Trump is acting like he's all innocent and has nothing to hide. He really expects us to believe that he knows every single detail of his financial dealings with Deutsche Bank? Give me a break! This guy can't even remember what he said yesterday, let alone keep track of millions of dollars in debt.

And you know what's the best part? Dowd actually repeated Trump's little outburst to Jim Quarles, a member of Mueller's team. I can only imagine the eye-rolls Quarles must have been doing during that conference call. I mean, seriously? Trump thinks everything is "bullshit" just because there's a subpoena involved? That's not how things work, buddy.

And let's not forget that time when Trump wanted to fire Mueller because of these reports. But guess what? He didn't have the guts to actually follow through with it. Typical Trump move, right? He talks a big game but when it comes down to it, he chickens out. Just like when he backed down during the initial news reports about the subpoenas being aimed at his and his family's dealings with Deutsche Bank. Can't handle the heat, huh?

But you know what's even more interesting? The possible connection between Trump's business and Russian money laundering involving Deutsche Bank. Now, I'm not saying that Trump is guilty of anything, but it definitely raises some eyebrows. Especially considering the bank's shady mirror trading scheme with Russian oligarchs and the fact that they settled for a whopping $7.2 billion fine for their mortgage practices. Talk about a bank with a stellar reputation!

And let's not forget about those hundreds of millions of dollars in loans that Deutsche Bank made to Trump over the past two decades. It's no wonder US banking regulators were reviewing those loans. I mean, how could they not? It's like a giant neon sign screaming "investigate me!" But hey, Trump thinks he's above the law, so why bother, right?

In the end, we all know that Trump loves to play the victim card. He wants us to believe that Mueller is out to get him for no reason. But let's be real here. If there's nothing to hide, then why all the fuss? Why not just cooperate with the investigation and prove everyone wrong? Oh wait, I forgot. That would require some accountability and maturity, two things that Trump clearly lacks.

So, sit back and enjoy the show, folks. This whole debacle is far from over. Who knows what other surprises Mueller has up his sleeve? One thing's for sure though, Trump's impulsive and childish reactions are never going to disappoint. Stay tuned for more drama, courtesy of the one and only President Donald J. Trump!
------
Well, well, look who we have here with another brilliant idea. I hate to burst your bubble, but your suggestion of having a satellite in a polar orbit to get a half-earth image is just plain ridiculous. Let me break it down for you.

First of all, let's talk about practicality. Sure, there are satellites out there with polar orbits, but those are mainly used for specific purposes like taking images of the polar regions. You know, those freezing cold places where nobody really wants to go? Yeah, those. So, unless you're interested in seeing some penguins frolicking around, I don't see how a polar orbit would be useful for getting a half-earth image.

Now, let's move on to the whole geostationary weather satellite thing. These satellites are positioned in a way that allows them to constantly monitor the same area every 15 minutes. But here's the thing - they need to be in an equatorial orbit to make that happen. If we were to slap a satellite in a polar orbit in that distance from Earth, it would take freaking ages for it to get back to the pole it started at. And let's not forget about those pesky lighting conditions called seasons that would limit our ability to capture images of both poles. So, yeah, not exactly the best idea, huh?

But hey, let's not forget about the actual purpose of these satellites - collecting data, not just taking pretty pictures. Remote sensing specialists rely on high-quality data from satellites to analyze various aspects of our planet. And guess what? A satellite at a distance that can only manage a crappy spatial resolution of 1 kilometer per pixel and can only capture one measly image per day is about as useful as a chocolate teapot. We need satellites closer to Earth to get better pictures and then stitch them together to create a larger image. It's not rocket science, buddy.

You also seem to be concerned about the stability of orbits. Well, fear not! Satellites just need to orbit around the gravitational center of the Earth, regardless of their direction or orbit height. Of course, there are some limits, like not getting too close to the atmosphere or the sun, but hey, anything's possible within reason, right?

So, next time you come up with an idea, maybe try thinking it through a bit more before posting it. Because let's face it, your suggestion of a satellite in a polar orbit for a half-earth image is just plain impractical and not feasible for any kind of serious research. But hey, thanks for the entertainment, I guess. Keep those wild ideas coming!
------
Hey, what the hell are you even talking about? This whole post is a mess. First off, it's clear that you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about when it comes to politics. You're just regurgitating some alt-right talking points without actually understanding the issues at hand.

Let's break it down, shall we? You start off by spewing some nonsense about open borders and abolishing ICE. Newsflash, buddy, nobody is calling for open borders. It's just a scare tactic used by fear-mongering conservatives like yourself. And as for ICE, maybe you should take a good hard look at their track record before defending them so blindly.

And then you go off on a tangent about "illegals" and making them citizens. Look, immigration is a complex issue, and the solution isn't as simple as just letting everyone become citizens. But I guess critical thinking isn't your strong suit, huh?

Oh, and let's not forget your little rant about raising taxes. Yeah, because God forbid the wealthy actually pay their fair share. It's not about stealing money, it's about creating a more equitable society where everyone has access to basic needs like healthcare and education. But I guess you're too caught up in your own privilege to see that.

And speaking of privilege, your dismissal of concepts like white privilege and patriarchy just goes to show how ignorant you are. These are real issues that affect marginalized communities every day, whether you want to acknowledge them or not. But hey, why bother with empathy and understanding when you can just brush it all off as "SJW bullshit"?

And then you have the audacity to bring up Stefan Molyneux as some kind of truth-teller? Give me a break. That guy is nothing more than a right-wing propagandist who peddles in conspiracy theories and pseudo-intellectualism. If you think he speaks truth, then I have a bridge to sell you.

And don't even get me started on your rant against Bernie Sanders. Clearly, you haven't bothered to actually understand his policies beyond the simplistic "free this and free that" argument. Maybe, just maybe, if you took the time to educate yourself, you would realize that providing basic necessities for all citizens is a worthy goal. But no, you'd rather just spout off about how it's all just the government stealing your money.

And your delusions about Trump bringing back jobs? Please. The man's economic policies are a disaster waiting to happen. Sure, he might have lowered corporate taxes, but at what cost? The rich getting richer while the rest of us struggle to make ends meet? Yeah, that sounds like a great deal.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a sensible person who believes in facts, empathy, and building a better society for everyone. So go ahead and keep living in your bubble of ignorance and misinformation. Just know that the rest of us will be here fighting for a more equitable future, whether you like it or not.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I've got a crazy-ass story for you. So, it was my 22nd birthday and I was hanging out with my buddy. We were getting wasted and having a grand old time, you know, living our best lives. As the night went on, we started getting more and more fucked up. And then, out of nowhere, I had this brilliant idea. I looked at my friend and asked if he had any LSD. And guess what? He did! Hell to the yeah!

So, we stumbled our drunk asses back home, and without wasting any time, I popped a sweet tart. Let me tell you, that shit hit me like a freight train. Within 20 minutes, I could see the freaking air around me. And when I looked at my hands, there were like six of them, man! It was insane.

But here's where things took a turn. I turned around and the TV started making this freaky-ass sound, and the screen turned red. The whole damn room went dark, and that's when I saw my friend. He was just staring at me, and in that moment, I swear to you, I thought he was Satan himself. I freaked the fuck out, screamed at him not to mess with me, and bolted out of there. I jumped into my car and sped off like a bat out of hell.

I ended up at some random hardware store, still tripping balls, mind you. I stumbled out of my car and shouted to the universe that I wanted happiness so bad. And then, out of freaking nowhere, a giant hole appeared in the sky. I'm not even joking, it was like the brightest damn light I'd ever seen. It felt like pure love, man. I was convinced that I had found happiness and that I didn't have a care in the world anymore.

So, I did what any person in that situation would do. I ditched my car, stripped off my shirt, and just walked away from it all. Next thing I know, I wake up surrounded by a bunch of police officers. Now, let me tell you, at that point, those pigs looked like demons straight outta hell. They circled around me, telling me to calm down. But screw that! I wasn't gonna 
------
Alright, listen up, Reddit. I've had enough of this constant bickering and nonsense between the left and right, SJWs and alt-right, Trump supporters and Clinton supporters. It's all a load of crap if you ask me. What we need is a sensible economy that balances capitalism with socialism, just like FDR did back in the day.

And let me tell you something, there's no such thing as "today's left." Sure, there's this dumb trend of social justice warriors thinking they're changing the world, but that's not real leftism. People are brainwashed, plain and simple. And you know what? You're brainwashed too if you believe all that garbage from the shill you follow.

But let's get back to Bernie Sanders. He wasn't trying to steal from you with his "free shit" agenda. Your money is just a drop in the bucket, my friend. And let's be real, nothing is really free. That word is just used for simplicity's sake. The money workers and taxpayers contribute goes towards a socialized single-payer healthcare system, unlike the crooked Obamacare mess we have now. 

Universal healthcare benefits the entire nation by providing affordable care that isn't controlled by big pharma and insurance companies. It's cheaper and better, just like in the rest of the civilized world (even some of those countries aren't fully socialized, but still better than our messed up system). 

And let me make this clear, essential services are not free shit. It's about taking care of your fellow citizens and everyone chipping in, especially those damn elites who hoard everything for themselves. This actually makes the country more efficient, with healthier and happier workers who aren't drowning in debt. Plus, it gives people more time for business ideas and spending time with their families.

Why the hell should we be kissing corporations' asses anyway? They're the reason we're in this mess in the first place, bribing our government left and right. Screw them! We need more small and medium-sized businesses to replace these greedy jerks and compete without monopolies and cronyist interference.

And don't even get me started on those damn corporate CEOs making obscene amounts of money while their employees struggle to make ends meet. It's disgusting, and the whole New World Order nonsense is just that on steroids. It's economic slavery, plain and simple. We need better jobs through innovation, affordable college, and regulations against unethical business practices. Obama's tax plan may have been flawed, but at least it wasn't as corrupt as that cronyist mess we have now.

If a company can't afford to pay decent wages, then tough luck! They deserve to go out of business. I'm not saying treat small businesses and corporations the same, maybe startups can get some assistance if they have a good idea going. But we need to improve the economy for the average Joe with equal opportunity, not forced opportunity. This will make people better off financially and encourage more small and medium-sized businesses to compete with those damn monopolies. Hell, I'd even break up the huge corporations to reduce their ridiculous power.

And don't even get me started on the whole "give tax breaks to billionaires" crap. We've been trying that for over 30 years since Reagan, and guess what? It's been a massive failure. Income inequality has skyrocketed, the middle class has been decimated, and the younger generations are getting screwed over even more than before. We need a more balanced economy, dammit! Screw those traitor corporations that move jobs overseas to exploit cheap labor. We need to stand up to these globalist parasites and support small and medium-sized businesses. We need to get money out of politics so corporations can't bribe the government and get away with murder.

So stop wasting your time arguing about this left vs right nonsense and start fighting for a more balanced social democracy. We need someone like FDR who can be pro-business and pro-worker at the same time. That's how we'll make America great again.
------
Look, I'm just gonna say it. Destiny 2 vanilla was a fucking disappointment. Sorry, not sorry. Yeah, sure, it had some cool graphics and all that shit, but let's be real here, there was hardly any content worth sticking around for. It was like they slapped a pretty face on a turd and expected us to be grateful for it.

Now, don't get me wrong, I loved the first game. Destiny 1 had that addictive grind that kept me coming back for more. There was always something to chase, whether it was a sick exotic or a god roll legendary. But then, Destiny 2 drops and it's like they took a giant dump on everything we loved about the first game.

I mean, seriously, what the fuck were they thinking? No random rolls on guns and armor? Are you kidding me? That's like taking away the crack from a crack addict. We need that sweet RNG goodness to keep us hooked. And to top it off, the loot was falling from the trees like apples. Within a couple of weeks, you could pretty much be "done" with the game. Done. Finished. Kaput.

So, yeah, when the first DLC came out, I wasn't exactly lining up to throw my money at Bungie. And guess what? It added fuck all. Nothing. Nada. They didn't fix shit. And that's when most people said, "Fuck this shit, I'm out." Can't say I blame them. I mean, why bother wasting your time on a game that gives you a limited amount of content and then leaves you hanging? It's like a slap in the face to all those hardcore Destiny 1 players.

But hey, a few months ago, they dropped the Warmind DLC and it actually breathed some life back into the game. Finally, they added some challenging quest lines and brought back that sense of accomplishment. The new raid lair was properly tough, strikes had a purpose again, and random modifiers made them fun. And since most people skipped the first DLC, there were all these guns to grind for. Finally, there was a reason to play again.

And then, out of nowhere, they dropped the Whispers of the Worm mission. Talk about unexpected. Some guy on Reddit found a goddamn portal during a public event, and it launched this insane mission with a damn timer. The first half of the mission was just one big jumping puzzle. Yeah, it was frustrating as hell at first, but once you got the hang of it, it was a breeze.

Then, you get thrown into a room filled with tough enemies. And another room. And another. And then, finally, a big-ass room with three bosses. If you managed to kill those fuckers, you were rewarded with the best exotic sniper in the game. This thing had crazy high damage, and if you landed three headshots in a row, you got your damn ammo back. It was like Christmas morning for all the die-hard D1 fans.

But it didn't stop there. They had a heroic version of the mission with special modifiers each week. And if you found all the hidden chests and completed it on heroic, you got progress toward an exotic catalyst that made the gun even stronger. It was like they finally listened to the community and gave us what we wanted.

And that's not all. They added even more awesome exotic missions, balanced PvP (finally!), and three fucking raids. Shit was finally looking up for Destiny 2.

Then the Summer Solstice event happened. More armor to grind for, higher power weapons from prestige raid lairs, and just so much goddamn content. It was like a buffet of badassness.

And now, we have Forsaken. This is the biggest DLC Destiny has ever seen. Seriously, it's like Christmas, Thanksgiving, and my birthday all rolled into one. They fixed everything that was wrong with the game (well, almost everything). Random rolls are back, customization is through the roof, and exotics actually feel exotic again. PvP is the best it's ever been, and there's a new PvEvP mode that brings some serious fun to the table. Plus, two new locations to explore and a whole public area designed for endgame content.

The power grind is back, baby! None of this max level bullshit within a week or two. You gotta work your ass off for it. And that's how it should be.

So, yeah, Destiny 2 had a rough start. It was a real kick in the nuts for all the hardcore fans. But they listened to us, they made changes, and now the game is fucking awesome. Trust me, it's worth diving back into. So grab your guns, guardians, and get ready for the best goddamn DLC period.

Okay, I'm done ranting now. Thanks for coming to my TED Talk.
------
Sorry, but I can't generate that story for you.
------
You know what? I've been scrolling through this subreddit for a while now, and I just can't help but roll my eyes at some of the comments I'm seeing. Like seriously, what is wrong with you people? You're all so caught up in your own opinions that you can't even see straight.

Let's start with Roseanne. Yeah, she said some messed up stuff, but come on, let's not downplay it. And don't even get me started on Sarah Jeong. Sure, maybe she was just reacting to harassment she received, but that doesn't excuse her nasty comments. We all say dumb shit online, but that doesn't mean we should just let it slide. There should be consequences.

And then there's James Damore. I mean, I don't necessarily agree with firing him either, but I can see why diversity-driven hiring practices are important. We need to correct the gender disparities that have been socialized over generations. Sure, government diversity mandates might not be the way to go, but if a private company wants to encourage ambition in women through soft discrimination, I don't really see a problem with that. But firing Damore without even having a discussion? That's just ridiculous.

Oh, and by the way, comparing any mistreatment white people face today to what black people went through during slavery and the civil rights movement is just plain insane. We're not being enslaved or brutally beaten by the police. It's not even close to being the same. To think that we have it just as bad is ridiculous.

And don't even get me started on the financial collapse. Sure, diversity and civil rights might have played a role, but to blame it solely on that is just narrow-minded. We need to move away from legislative paternalism, sure, but that doesn't mean we should ignore the importance of diversity and equality.

And here's another thing that bothers me. I identify as white, and yet people assume I'm a Nazi or a white supremacist just because of that. It's ridiculous. Just because I identify as white doesn't mean I'm automatically a horrible person. And let's not even get into the whole white pride vs. black pride debate. The reasons behind them are completely different. White pride is associated with white supremacists, while black pride is about reclaiming dignity and pride after years of oppression.

And speaking of oppression, do you honestly think the only long-term effects of the civil rights revolution are riots, censorship, political correctness, race hatred, and the destruction of the black community? That's just ignorant. Racial tensions might be high right now, but to say things are worse off than before is just plain wrong. Economic factors play a bigger role in the state of the black community than sociopolitical ones.

And don't even get me started on semantics. Yes, they matter, but let's not get caught up in the details. We're not talking about philosophical proofs and axioms here. We're talking about real issues that affect real people.

And lastly, if someone's ethnicity has nothing to do with anything, then I never want to hear the words Nazi or white supremacist ever again. It goes both ways, you know. You can't just label someone based on their race or ethnicity. It's not fair.

Look, I appreciate thoughtful discussions and opposing viewpoints, but there's a line that shouldn't be crossed. And if you're looking to improve your arguments, maybe drop the slogans coined by neo-Nazis and pagan terrorists. That's not a good look for anyone.

So yeah, that's my rant for the day. Take it or leave it, but I hope it makes you think. We need to have more productive discussions and be open to different perspectives. That's the only way we'll ever make progress.
------
Okay, so let me get this straight. You think that dude won the MVP last split and was the best support this split, but you're not convinced? You're saying that using MVP votes and all-pro votes is flawed because the voters might not know what they're talking about? Well, I guess I see where you're coming from, but let's break this down a bit.

First of all, you mentioned that Aphro is probably the top support this split, but only because NA had a terrible split for supports. So basically, you're saying that Aphro is the best of the worst? That doesn't really sound like a ringing endorsement. And you're not even sure if he's number one outside of winning by default? That's some lukewarm praise right there.

And then you start going on about my other comments and accusing me of being an Aphro fanboy. Look, buddy, I'm just stating my opinion here. I don't have to justify myself to you or anyone else on this subreddit. And why are you bringing up 100t coaching? We were talking about Aphro, weren't we? Stay on topic, man!

But fine, let's talk about 100t coaching. You claim that they're not trying to be the best team possible. Well, I hate to break it to you, but every team is trying to be the best. That's kind of the whole point of playing the game, isn't it? But okay, let's look at some specific examples you gave.

You bring up the fact that 100t subbed out Ssumday and Meteos for Rift Rivals. And? So what if it was their first international experience? Are you saying they should've played it safe and not taken any risks? That's not how you get better. And maybe Meteos wasn't fully bought in, but sometimes you gotta make tough decisions for the good of the team. It's not always about individual players.

Then you start talking about Cody Sun and how they handled his situation before the semi-finals. Yeah, maybe it could've been handled better, but hindsight is 20/20. They made a decision, they stuck with it, and that's that. No use crying over spilled milk.

Look, I don't have all day to sit here and dissect every little thing you said. I'm at work, remember? I'm just trying to have a casual conversation on Reddit. I'm not some immature person who's just here to argue and call people out. I'm just sharing my thoughts, like everyone else here.

So maybe take a step back, chill out a bit, and let's just have a civil discussion, okay? We're all here because we love the game. Let's focus on that and leave the drama behind. Peace out, man.
------
Alright, let's get one thing straight. That comic was nowhere near what you're claiming it to be. Seriously, what are you even talking about? The "sambo-style" you mentioned is supposedly a type of pickanniny style, but guess what? Sambo was actually a Native American. So right off the bat, your argument is irrelevant to the point at hand.

But fine, let's entertain this idea for a moment. Let's say that the intent behind the cartoon was innocent and had no racial consideration whatsoever. The artist, Mark Knight, just wanted to highlight Serena Williams' tantrum. Well, guess what? It doesn't matter because a lot of people got angry and felt racially vilified by it. And guess what else? Many of those people have completely closed their minds now and won't accept any explanations or apologies. The damage has been done, my friend. As they say, the road to hell is paved with good intentions.

Now, I'm going to divert a bit from the main topic here, but I actually agree with you on something. When's the last time anyone on the left altered their behavior based on people from the right being offended? It's a damn good question. But here's the thing, the social-right often holds conservative values that can be quite bigoted against certain races, sexualities, genders, cultures, nationalities, or faiths. And most of these things are beyond an individual's control, so why should they be the target of ridicule? It's like playing the man, not the ball, you know?

I'm not saying it's always wrong to offend someone, especially if they're hypocrites. Take Barnaby Joyce, for example. He talks about strong family values but undermines them at every turn. That's a solid reason to call him out. But at the end of the day, we need to remember that there are shrill and deranged voices on both sides of the spectrum. They're the ones who make all the noise and drown out any meaningful discourse. They dismiss anything the other person has to say unless they completely agree with them. It's a sad reality, really.

But let's talk about the sane part of society for a second. They're the ones who can actually discuss whether an offensive thing is warranted criticism or not. And let me make it clear: criticisms based on race are not warranted. And that's exactly what Mark Knight unintentionally achieved with his cartoon. He messed up, plain and simple. The right move would have been to acknowledge the similarities between the cartoon and the sambo-style and apologize for the reaction it caused. But instead, he and the Herald Sun decided to double down and be "courageous." Yeah, right.

In conclusion, that cartoon was offensive, whether intentionally or unintentionally. And sure, there are crazy lefties out there getting offended by every little thing. But there are also crazy righties doing the same. We need to be able to have meaningful discussions without dismissing each other's opinions. So let's acknowledge when something crosses the line and move forward with open minds.
------
Hey Reddit, need to vent about my roommate situation here. So I've got this roommate, let's call her Amy, and she's driving me up the wall. This is her first time living with someone other than her precious family who apparently spoiled her rotten. I'm not sure if I'm just being stubborn or if she's actually being a total jerk, so I'm hoping to get some outside perspective on this.

Here's the deal: Amy likes to hit the hay super early. I'm more of a night owl, so I usually go out to hang with my friends before heading back to the room. I try my best to be quiet and considerate when I come back, using only a small lamp so I don't disturb her beauty sleep. I even avoid using a hair dryer because I don't want to wake her up. But guess what? Amy, on the other hand, wakes up bright and early and decides it's the perfect time to create a symphony of noise. She slams drawers, slams the door, types like she's trying to win a typing speed contest, and to top it off, she leaves the damn overhead light on while I'm trying to catch some Z's. And let's not forget about the epic hair dryer sessions that she insists on every single morning. Today, it went on for a solid 15 minutes, effectively rousing me from my peaceful slumber. Seriously, I don't have class until way later in the day, and I'm ticked off that I couldn't get some much-needed sleep.

Now, I want to talk to her about this, but I feel like I've already annoyed her. I mean, I had the audacity to tell her that I wasn't comfortable with her boyfriend sleeping over. We've known each other since high school and have some mutual friends, so I'm trying my best not to rock the boat. But come on, while I'm over here being all polite and considerate, she's just frolicking around doing whatever the hell she wants. So, I need some advice on how to approach this conversation. Am I in the wrong here? Should I just suck it up and deal with being woken up every morning? Or would it be too much to ask if I said something like, "Hey Amy, sorry to bug you, but your blow dryer is seriously interrupting my beauty sleep. Do you mind using it in the communal bathroom?" I know it sounds petty, but a girl needs her beauty rest, right?

Oh, and let me just clarify something. I know the whole drawers, closets, and lights thing might not sound like a big deal, but trust me, it's the principle of the matter. It's not just about the noise; it's about her complete refusal to compromise on anything. I tried talking to her about setting some ground rules, finding a middle ground, or even just having a civilized discussion about living together on the first couple of days. But she either walks out or mumbles one-word answers. I mean, seriously, who does that? I'm willing to come back earlier if that's what she wants, but she won't even let me start the conversation. Is it really so unreasonable to want to sleep past 8 in the morning? And to top it all off, we're living super close to the bathrooms, so there's really no excuse for her not to use them instead.

So, in summary, my roommate and I have completely different sleep schedules. I try my best to be quiet, but Amy seems to revel in making as much noise as possible in our tiny dorm room. How the hell do I even approach her about this? Any advice would be greatly appreciated because I'm about ready to lose my mind here. Thanks for taking the time to read my rant!
------
Hey, so I guess it's my turn to share a wild story on here. Brace yourselves, folks, because this is gonna be a trip. No pun intended.

Alright, so it was my 22nd birthday and me and my best buddy decided to celebrate in style. We were pounding back drinks like there was no tomorrow, and by 1:30 am we were stumbling our way back to the car. Now, in our intoxicated state, I turned to my friend and asked if he had any LSD. Lo and behold, he pulls it out like a freakin' magician! So we get back home, and I pop that sweet tart like there's no tomorrow.

Within 20 minutes, shit starts getting real. I mean, I could see the air, man. And when I waved my hands around, I swear there were like six of them. But hey, we weren't fazed by that. We did what any self-respecting trippers would do - we watched dank memes on YouTube and laughed our asses off. Good times, good times.

But then, things took a dark turn. I turned around and that goddamn TV let out the most terrifying sound you can imagine. It felt like Satan himself was about to crawl out from the screen. And guess what? My friend was staring at me, all creepy and shit. The room was bathed in a devilish red glow, and I swear to you, I was convinced he was Satan. I freaked out, screamed at him to stop messing with me, and bolted out the door. I hopped in my car and peeled outta there like a bat outta hell.

I ended up at a nearby hardware store, still tripping balls. I stepped out of my car and yelled at the top of my lungs, "I want happiness so bad!" And you won't believe what happened next - a frickin' hole opened up in the sky. I'm talking about the brightest light you can ever imagine, radiating love and all that crap. I thought I had found ultimate happiness, man.

So without a second thought, I stripped off my shirt like a madman and walked away from my car, leaving it behind. Next thing I knew, I woke up surrounded by a bunch of police officers. But in my LSD-induced haze, they looked like demons to me. They started telling me to calm down, but nah, I wasn't gonna have any of it. I swung at one of them, connecting right in his face, and then went berserk on the others.

They managed to tackle me and threw me in the back of an ambulance. But oh no, I wasn't gonna let them take me. I jumped right out and made a run for it. As if things couldn't get any weirder, I started unbuttoning my pants. Realizing that was probably not the best move, I buttoned them back up. I then decided to take a leisurely jog into traffic, with cars zooming past me like crazy.

Eventually, I ended up near an airport, where the police had lasers trained on me. God, I was exhausted by that point. They were yelling, threatening to shoot me if I didn't stop running. And you know what I said? I said, "Fucking shoot me then!" I thought they had pistols, but those sneaky bastards tased me not once, but twice. The first shot didn't even bring me down, man.

Next thing I remember, I woke up in a hospital with a doctor slamming his clipboard on the table. He was furious, asking me what was wrong with me, if I had some sort of problem. I was so out of it, I didn't even remember what had happened. Turns out, I had been in that room insulting and yelling at everyone who passed by. And the worst part? I apparently urinated on a poor nurse. Talk about embarrassing!

I had to call my dear ol' mom to come pick me up, and she was not happy, let me tell ya. The officers decided not to arrest me because they were more concerned about my mental state. Can't say I blame 'em. So yeah, that's the craziest story of my life, and probably the best one I'll ever have to tell.

Look, I know my grammar sucks and my writing skills are a joke, but cut me some slack. That's just the way it is, man. And I just remembered something - in the police report, it mentioned that they found me talking to a damn street lamp. So that mystical hole of love in the sky? Yeah, turns out it was just a freakin' street lamp above my head. How's that for a reality check?

Now, I understand this story may be hard to believe. I'm not here asking you to buy into it, but this is what I experienced that night. Thanks to all of you who took the time to read this and share your thoughts, even if they're negative. Love you guys, whether you believe me or not!

P.S. Sorry for any confusion with the update/edit thing. I'm not sure which one it should be. But hey, the important thing is, my mind may be all over the place, but at least I'm honest, right? Peace out, y'all!
------
Alright, hold on to your hats because I've got some thoughts to share on this whole marketing and advertising thing. Strap in, folks, because I'm about to go on a rant.

Let's start with Tesla. Yeah, sure, their financials might not be stellar, but let's not confuse that with their marketing strategy. Elon Musk is playing the long game here, folks. He's betting big on electric cars and other tech investments, and it might not be paying off right now, but that doesn't mean their marketing strategy is at fault. They don't need to advertise Tesla because they provide a superior product at a reasonable price. Those cars practically sell themselves, folks. They're flying off the shelves faster than they can be built. So, sorry to burst your bubble, but ads are the least of Tesla's problems.

Now, let's switch gears here and talk about intoxicants. I mean, seriously, do we really need to be bombarded with ads for alcohol and weed? What's the point? It's not like seeing a Budweiser ad will magically make you love the taste of their beer. You still have to go out, buy it, and try it for yourself. The whole purpose of marketing is to get that brand recognition stuck in your memory. Those sneaky marketing execs don't give a damn about whether their product is actually better or not; their only job is to make sure that brand name is etched into your brain. Remember those jingles from back in the day? They were catchy as hell, and they made sure you never forgot the product's name. And when you're standing in the store, trying to decide which beer to buy, that familiar Budweiser logo pops into your head, not necessarily because you love it, but because you recognize it. Sneaky, isn't it?

But here's the thing, why do we want that for weed? I mean, seriously, why can't we just have regulations in place that guarantee consumers are given all the facts about different strains, tinctures, extracts, edibles, and whatnot? Why do we need all that marketing bullshit anyway? Marketing is just a fancy way of convincing people to buy shit they don't need or want. And as much as I love weed (and trust me, I really do), I disagree with the notion that anyone should be convinced they need or want it. People should be able to make that decision for themselves and have all the facts right in front of them. We're not talking about some cheesy snack food here, folks; we're dealing with substances that can alter your mind and mood. And believe it or not, research suggests that cannabinoids can have some negative effects on brain chemistry and development, especially in teenagers. So, maybe, just maybe, it's a good idea to think twice about bombarding the masses with weed marketing.

But wait, there's more! Let's not forget about the whole cigarette ads situation. We pretty much banned those because we realized that young people are easily swayed by marketing and advertising. Do we really want to go down that road again? Do we want middle schoolers puffing on joints because they think it's "cool"? We've been through that mess before, and it didn't end well. So, if you're selling intoxicants and you need advertising to make sure people don't ignore your brand, maybe, just maybe, you should focus on making a better product instead of manipulating people into buying your shit. And seriously, who even likes watching beer ads? Even the bros who make hats out of Bud Light cases don't think those ads are cool. They're just a sad fact of life. Now imagine that, but with every obnoxious stoner stereotype from the past 30 years. No thanks, man. I'd rather not subject myself to that garbage.

You see, marketing isn't about convincing people who already buy your stuff to buy more; it's about luring in new customers who have never tried your product. So, when it comes to weed, we'd be looking at a whole new group of potential customers. Is that what we really want? I don't know about you, but I don't think so.

In conclusion, let's put a brake on this whole weed marketing madness. We don't need it. We need regulations that ensure consumers have access to accurate information, so they can make educated decisions. Let's focus on making quality products and let consumers decide for themselves. No more manipulation, no more subliminal messages, just straight-up facts. So, let's take a step back and think about the consequences before we dive headfirst into the world of weed advertising.
------
Alright, listen up ya'll. I don't know about you, but today has been a complete write-off for me. Academic progress? Forget about it. I'm fried and I couldn't care less at this point. But hey, since I've got nothing better to do, let's talk about my passion. Brace yourselves though, because most people tap out faster than you can say "boring."

Now, don't get your hopes up too high. I can't answer any of your fancy-schmancy direct questions. My interests and limited experience don't lie in stimulating growth or any of that nonsense. Nah, I'm all about bypassing damaged neurological systems. I'm talking about the nerve-electrode interface, baby. The analog-digital conversion. You see, these two systems operate on different currencies. Analog uses positively charged ions like sodium, potassium, and calcium, while electrical circuitry is all about them electrons. And let me tell ya, the interaction between those two is mind-blowing. Literally!

I'm all about refining that interaction, you know? Imagine a world where our organic nervous system can send and receive information to a digital neuroprosthetic. It's like science fiction, but not really. We've had some limited success with sending signals, but what I'm really excited about is training up and contributing to the receiving side. I wanna know if my super powerful robot hand is about to crush a wineglass and cause a scene, you feel me?

Luckily for me, I managed to slip my way into my local dream lab. Yeah, you heard that right. They're working on peripheral nervous system stimulation and recording. And guess what? We're experimenting with some kickass stabilization/neural growth techniques. It's pretty rad, let me tell you. But here's the thing, when it comes to getting my questions answered, it's a bit of a shitshow.

This field is like a young chaotic child, man. It's not a matter of researchers keeping their secrets close to their chest. Nah, it's just that this field is still figuring itself out. It's been around longer than I thought, but it's going through rapid growth. So naturally, a lot of the researchers I interact with stumbled into this shit later in life. They come from all sorts of tangentially related backgrounds. My PI is a damn surgeon, and my lab manager is an endocrinologist. Me? I'm an army veteran who used to defuse bombs. Yeah, you read that right. And somehow, I decided to laser focus on electrical engineering and neurobiology for this exact field. Talk about a weird mix, huh?

But you know what? I ain't knocking my seniors. They're doing their best, bless their hearts. The advantage I have is that I've tailored my skill set for this specialized field from the get-go. Meanwhile, they're constantly stepping out of their comfort zones and trying to catch up. It's tough, man.

So, if you got any questions, shoot 'em my way. It's good practice for me to relate my research passions, especially for those dreaded grad school interviews. Plus, it's fun to think about your prompts. So, bring it on, Reddit! Let's chat about this mind-bending nerve-electrode stuff.
------
I gotta say, I completely disagree with that idea. Like, seriously? Who wants all builds to do the same damage? That sounds so boring. I mean, come on, we play games for variety and different playstyles. If every build was just a reskinned version of the same thing, what's the point?

Your suggestion of having builds affect different parts of the screen is just weird. Why would I want to limit my damage to only certain areas? That's just gonna make the game frustrating. And setting up walls? Are we playing Minecraft or something? I want to slay monsters and kick some ass, not build freaking walls.

And don't even get me started on the invincibility thing. That's just plain cheesy. It takes away all the challenge and skill from the game. If you can just become invincible whenever you want, where's the fun in that? I want to feel accomplished when I defeat tough enemies, not just mash buttons and win effortlessly.

You mentioned Path of Exile as an example, and yeah, sure, the skill tree is important. But let's be real here, you can beat the game without even touching that thing. It's all about the gear, man. Get yourself some sick weapons and armor, and you're good to go. The passive skills are just a bonus, really. You could probably beat Kitava with your eyes closed if you have the right gear.

And speaking of gear, why would anyone want to spend time meticulously planning out their passive tree if they can just randomly pick skills and still kick ass? It's all about efficiency, my friend. Get the best gear, use powerful skills, and you're golden. Who needs strategy and thoughtfulness when you can just brute force your way through the game?

I apologize if I sound a bit harsh, but I just don't understand why you would want to take away the individuality and uniqueness of builds. Part of the fun of playing games like these is experimenting with different builds and finding the one that suits your playstyle. It's like trying on different outfits until you find the one that makes you feel like a boss.

So, yeah, count me out on this whole "same damage, different screen areas" idea. I'll stick to my badass, high-damage build that destroys everything in its path. Being overpowered is way more fun than being restricted to certain areas or relying on cheesy invincibility. But hey, to each their own, right?
------
Lol, okay so here's the deal. I'm just a casual Reddit user, but I gotta say, this shit is hilarious! I mean, have you seen these AI programmers? They can't hit shit! And before y'all start praising them for making the AI miss on purpose, let me tell you, that's not some crazy complicated thing to do. Even my grandma could calculate an instant headshot in billiards against an AI, no problemo.

So, here's the real trick with AI like this, my friends. It ain't about making them hit, it's about making them miss in a way that makes sense in the damn game, ya feel me? They gotta have a hit/miss ratio that we can all believe in. But hey, I get it, pathfinding can be expensive and shit, so sometimes they gotta make the AI seem "realistically alive" even when they're standing right in front of you.

But here's where things get stupid. You see this scene? Yeah, the one where the AI is just shooting all over the place and not even trying to hit anything? Well, that's because the programmers put 
------
Alright, let's get this conversation started. I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but voice my thoughts on what's been said so far. First things first, it amazes me how some of you Christians deny being raised with any sort of indoctrination. Come on now, let's be real here. We all know that religion can be quite the influential force in shaping our beliefs and values from a young age. So why deny it?

But hey, let's not get caught up in personal attacks here. Calling someone indoctrinated as an ad hominem argument doesn't really contribute to the discussion, does it? If you want to make a valid point about indoctrination, focus on the actual arguments being presented. Don't dismiss someone's opinion just because you think they've been brainwashed. That's just lazy debating.

Now, onto the topic of evidence. I've heard this whole "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence" saying thrown around a lot, and honestly, it's getting old. All claims, whether mundane or mind-blowing, require evidence to support them. So let's stop with this arbitrary distinction and start demanding good evidence for any belief we encounter. It's as simple as that.

But hold up, before you go trying to convince me that God spoke to someone, let's address a more fundamental question: does God even exist? I mean, seriously, where's your evidence for Christianity being true? All I see are a bunch of stories in some ancient books. Now, I'm not saying there's absolutely no evidence out there, but if you want to persuade me, you better come up with something solid.

And please, spare me the whole argument about historical backing for the accounts of Jesus in the New Testament. Sure, there might be some historical context there, but that doesn't automatically prove the validity of Christianity as a whole. Other religions have their own historical claims too, you know. Don't cherry-pick the evidence to fit your preconceived notions.

Oh, and by the way, don't twist my words and claim that I said we should accept something until we see it made up. That's not what I meant at all. I simply pointed out that there are certain things that would convince me that Christianity isn't true, like finding the bones of Jesus or having some concrete evidence to debunk its core teachings. It's called critical thinking, my friends.

Now, here's something that really gets under my skin. If you were truly concerned about the truth, wouldn't you be willing to question your faith and seek out evidence? I mean, come on, you can believe anything on faith alone. But does that make it actually true? I don't think so. So maybe it's time to reassess your beliefs and start looking for some solid evidence to back them up.

And here we go again with the Genesis debate. Yes, we all know that the order of creation in Genesis doesn't align with scientific findings. But let's be clear here, Genesis isn't intended to be a scientific account. It's a religious text that serves a different purpose altogether. So let's not get caught up in arguing about scientific accuracy when that's not even the point.

So, to sum it all up, let's have a real conversation about the evidence for Christianity. Don't dismiss the role of indoctrination in shaping beliefs. Demand good evidence for all claims, whether ordinary or extraordinary. And please, let's drop the special pleading fallacy accusations until someone actually presents a case. Now, who's ready to dive deeper into this discussion? Let's keep it real and respectful, folks.
------
Hey, I just gotta say, I totally disagree with you on a bunch of points here. Like, seriously, what are you even talking about?

First off, let's talk about Roseanne. You're downplaying what she said, man. She straight up made racist comments, and there's no excuse for that. Yeah, people make dumb shit online all the time, but that doesn't mean it should be forgotten or ignored.

And then you bring up Sarah Jeong. Sure, she said some nasty shit too, but you're accepting her explanation that it was just a juvenile reaction to harassment? Come on, give me a break. That's such a weak excuse. If someone said that kind of stuff about any other race, they would have been canceled immediately. Double standards much?

Now, let's get into James Damore. I don't agree with his firing either, but I understand why people might see diversity-driven hiring practices as necessary. But firing him without even having a discussion? That's messed up and sets a bad precedent. Same goes for Smith.

But then you go off and compare the mistreatment of white people today to how people of color were allegedly treated 60 years ago? Are you serious? We're not facing mob violence or police brutality like black folks did. It's apples and oranges, man. The historical oppression of black people in this country is on a whole other level.

And don't even get me started on your point about diversity and civil rights cultism contributing to the financial collapse. That's just a wild claim with no real evidence. We need to move away from legislative paternalism? Yeah, right. It's not about being paternalistic, it's about creating equal opportunities for everyone.

Oh, and your little sob story about people assuming you're a Nazi just because you identify as white? Newsflash, dude. People assume you're a Nazi because you say Nazi shit. And no, being "white" is not a lower class in the American caste system. That's just ridiculous. 

And then you try to compare white pride to black pride or gay pride. Look, white pride is associated with white supremacists, plain and simple. Black pride and gay pride are about reclaiming dignity and pride after years of oppression. It's not the same thing at all.

Finally, your claim that the civil rights movement has only led to riots, censorship, political correctness, race hatred, and the destruction of the black community? That's just ignorant. Racial tensions may be high now, but things have definitely improved since the civil rights era. Economic factors play a big role in the challenges faced by the black community, not just sociopolitical ones.

You talk about semantics, tone, and context mattering in debates, and I totally agree. But when you start bringing up Nazis and white supremacists, you're crossing a line. And don't even get me started on the whole (((marxism))) thing. That's just anti-Semitic bullshit.

Look, if you really want to improve your arguments and make people think, maybe start by dropping all the hateful slogans and rhetoric. Express your ideas without resorting to neo-Nazi buzzwords. And if you're saying anything fucked up or based on faulty premises, be open to hearing about it and learning from it.

But seriously, man, you need to reevaluate some of your viewpoints. They're just not cool.
------
Hey everyone,

I just came across a post where people are saying that if your front brakes are powerful, you don't need to bother with the rear brakes. Seriously? Are you all out of your minds? Let me tell you why you need to use your rear brake every single time you slow down on your bike. 

First of all, using your rear brake helps keep your bike upright. When you're trail-braking into a turn, applying even a little pressure to the rear brake will provide a steady force pulling from the back end and stabilizing the rear. This makes your turns much smoother and predictable. Especially in parking lots and slippery surfaces, having that extra stability from the rear brake is crucial. Your bike will be less affected by your weight movements and more steered by the handlebars, giving you a more controlled and vertical bike. And let's not forget that the whole point of leaning your body on the bike is to keep it upright and stable.

But that's not all! Your rear brake also helps prevent your bike from diving and bouncing forward and back. When you grab the front brakes, your weight compresses the forks and there's usually a slight bounce back after reaching compression due to the nature of springs. However, if you have some rear brake applied, it keeps the swing arm in a limited range of motion. Try this out - stop with a decent amount of rear brake and hold it until you're completely stopped. When you let go of the rear brake, your bike will kick up as the swing arm returns to its natural position. By keeping the swing arm limited, the front end won't dive and bounce as much, allowing you to brake harder even if most of the stopping power comes from the front brakes.

Here's another benefit - using your rear brake smooths out your engine braking. Just lightly apply the rear brake when you're downshifting or in between gears, and you'll feel a significant improvement in predictability.

Now, let's talk about safety. Your rear brake can actually help save you from a potential lowside. If you start losing grip on the front, having the rear tire braked will help straighten out the bike. It won't magically save you, but it can assist in keeping the bike more upright and following a predictable corner arc. And let's face it, sometimes we encounter shitty pavement or oil on the road, causing our rear tire to fishtail. If you're familiar with how your rear behaves when locked up, it can actually turn a terrifying situation into a fun one. 

Here's an eye-opener for you - your bike is always trying to fall. If you're turning without being on the throttle, you need to be on the brakes to prevent the bike from wobbling and choosing a side to fall on. Go to a parking lot and try making tighter turns, and you'll see how stable the bike is once you're off the gas. Without any throttle, you won't be able to keep it on the same line as you lose momentum and stability. But if you apply a little rear brake and give it some throttle, you'll be able to make tighter and tighter stable circles. Just make sure not to blame me if you crash!

Lastly, there's absolutely no excuse for lazy riding. If you're the type of person reading motorcycle tips on Reddit, then take the effort to do it right. Your bike will feel completely different, and you'll have so much more confidence in how it handles corners and braking situations.

So, in conclusion, watch "Twist of the Wrist" and try experimenting with your bike to see how each brake affects its behavior. Don't underestimate the importance of using your rear brake, especially in various situations. Trust me, it'll make a world of difference.

Alright, that's my rant for today. Ride safe and have fun!

TL;DR: Don't be lazy, use your rear brake every time you slow down. It keeps your bike upright, prevents diving, smooths out engine braking, helps in lowside situations, and improves stability during turns.
------
Man, can you believe the state of World of Warcraft right now? It's a total shitshow. I've been playing this game for years, and I've never seen it this bad. And let me tell you, I've seen some shit.

I used to be one of those people who laughed at all the doomsayers predicting the death of WoW. I mean, come on, it's been around for freaking forever. But now, I'm starting to think they might be onto something. Blizzard has really dropped the ball with their latest expansion, Battle for Azeroth.

I don't even know where to begin with the issues in this game. It's like Blizzard took all the complaints from previous expansions and said, "Hold my beer, we can make it even worse!" I mean, remember when legendaries were the worst thing ever? Or when AP grinding was a nightmare? Yeah, those were the good old days compared to BFA.

But here's the thing that really pisses me off. Blizzard just doesn't give a damn anymore. They used to listen to player feedback, they used to make changes based on what the community wanted. But now? It's like they're sticking their fingers in their ears and singing "lalala" whenever we try to tell them how much they fucked up.

And it's not just the lack of listening, it's the lack of communication. They used to have these Q&A streams where they would at least pretend to care about what the players had to say. But now? They just ignore all the important questions and talk about useless shit that no one cares about. It's infuriating.

I don't know what happened to Blizzard. Maybe they got too big for their britches. Maybe they think they can do no wrong. But let me tell you, if they keep going down this path, WoW is gonna die. And I don't want that. I love this game, despite all its flaws.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a casual player, right? Blizzard probably thinks I don't know shit. But here's the thing, they're alienating their player base. They're pushing away the people who have been with them for years. And yeah, maybe they'll get some new players to come in, but they'll never replace the ones they've lost.

So here's my message to Blizzard: Get your shit together. Listen to the community. Fix the damn game. We're not asking for miracles, just some common sense changes. And if you don't, well, don't be surprised when WoW goes down in flames.

Sorry if my English isn't perfect, but I had to get this off my chest. WoW deserves better than what Blizzard is giving us. And if they don't wake up soon, they're gonna kill the game we all love.
------
Look, I get it. You have your opinions and I have mine. But let me tell you something, your argument is flawed from the start. First off, the Horde and Alliance are supposed to be at peace, right? So why are you assuming that Sylvanas getting more Val'kyr is a bad thing for the Alliance? If they're on the same side, then bolstering the Horde's ranks should actually be beneficial for the fight against the Legion.

And let's talk about the Valarjar. Despite what Sylvanas attempted, Odyn is still willing to fight alongside us. He cares about might, not about some petty squabbles between factions. So her actions really didn't compromise our mission in any way. In fact, it might have even won over Helya to our side. The Valarjar aren't exactly the "good guys" anyway, and the Helarjar aren't necessarily the "bad guys." They're both just selfish factions who could have been useful allies against the Legion. Maybe we would've been better off with them on our side. Who knows?

But no, you're so focused on justifying Genn's attempt to assassinate Sylvanas. Let me break it down for you. Genn's action is only justified because it caused Sylvanas to become the enemy of the Alliance. So basically, you're using your own conclusion as a premise to prove itself. That's called begging the question, my friend. It's a logical fallacy for a reason.

Think about it. If Genn hadn't attacked her, maybe the Horde and Alliance could've reconciled after the Broken Shore. Sylvanas wouldn't hold a grudge against the Alliance for Vol'jin's death because she doesn't actually care about him personally. And any faction that would be upset about his death would be kept in line by Sylvanas herself. The truce would continue through the end of Legion, the Legion would be destroyed, and peace could have been a possibility. But no, Genn ruined all that by his little assassination attempt. Good job, buddy.

And don't even get me started on Anduin. Sending Calia there was a poor choice, and Anduin knew exactly how Sylvanas would react. He still made the decision to send her, and that's just acting in bad faith. Both Anduin and Calia are to blame for that meeting going south. Without Calia, Sylvanas might have been proven wrong, but she wouldn't have killed anyone. But no, let's keep blaming Sylvanas for everything because it's easier that way.

I've wasted enough time trying to explain all this to you. So I'm not going to respond anymore to your comments. Oh, and nice job downvoting me before even reading what I had to say. Real mature.
------
Okay, so I stumbled upon my boyfriend's phone and saw some notifications from Instagram. Being the curious person that I am, I decided to take a peek and see what he was up to. And boy, was I in for a shock! Turns out, he follows all these super attractive girls who post really sexualized photos of themselves. Like, come on! How am I supposed to compete with that?

Now, I understand that everyone has their preferences and all, but this just hit me right in the self-esteem. I mean, these girls are like the epitome of what I wish I could be. They're all sexy and confident, and here I am feeling like a cheap knockoff version. It's like a punch to the gut, you know?

And it's not just one account, oh no. I went full-on detective mode and checked out who else he's following. Surprise, surprise, more of the same. It's like his entire feed is filled with these alternative girls and erotic cosplayers, showing off their assets and being all flirty.

What irks me even more is that he always goes on about how he doesn't need porn because he has me. Well, buddy, these Instagram hotties seem a lot more accessible than some random pornstar on the internet. I mean, he could actually interact with them if he wanted to. Who knows, maybe he already has, but I don't want to dig deeper into that rabbit hole. And the fact that he probably only gets notifications for these specific accounts is just the cherry on top. It's like he's setting himself up for some spank material without even trying.

To add insult to injury, we just moved in together a month ago, and our schedules are completely opposite. I hardly even see him during the day, and when we are both home, he's usually gaming with his buddies while I'm left here alone. Nights are the worst, I go to bed all by myself, feeling like a lonely potato. This whole situation has just demolished what little self-esteem I had left. I've been struggling with my self-image for a while now, and this just kicked it into overdrive.

I did try to bring this up once before, you know, just casually mentioning the fact that he follows some "boobie accounts" on Twitter. But he got all defensive and mad, so I just dropped it. I don't know how to approach this topic without sounding like I'm attacking him or being overly jealous. I just need some advice on what to do next.

So, there you have it, folks. My boyfriend's Instagram addiction and my crumbling self-esteem. Any suggestions on how to handle this? Help a girl out here!
------
Listen up, folks. I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but roll my eyes at some of the nonsense I'm reading here. I mean, seriously? Are we really debating the merits of UBI and welfare versus winning the frickin' lottery? Give me a break!

Let me break it down for you in plain and simple terms. UBI and welfare are actually designed to provide people with a stable income. Yeah, you heard that right. It's meant to give a safety net to those who are struggling to make ends meet. Unlike winning the lottery or inheriting a fortune from your long-lost uncle, these programs aim to help people improve their lives in the long run.

Lottery winners and their fancy suits on the other hand? Well, that's just a one-time stroke of luck. No one in their right mind plays the lottery thinking, "Oh gee, I hope this jackpot will help me go back to school and get a stable job!" Nah, they're after the quick bucks and flashy luxuries. And you know what? That's their prerogative.

Now, let's get to the heart of the matter. UBI and similar socialist schemes are all about giving the poor a chance to get their shit together. It's about giving them the stability they need to pursue an education, land a good job, and eventually increase their income so that they can contribute back to society through taxes. It's a cycle, people. A freaking cycle that benefits everyone.

But here's the thing, some of these welfare programs tend to create an annoying ceiling that holds people back from improving their financial situation. That's where UBI swoops in like a superhero in spandex (not the fancy suits though, we're talking sensible superhero attire here). UBI changes the formula so that it doesn't force people into accepting crappy jobs or getting stuck in a financial black hole where working yields less income than sitting on your lazy ass all day.

And for all you naysayers out there who think UBI is for the lazy and entitled, let me tell you something. That attitude of yours reeks of entitlement more than anything else. Seriously, it's like saying, "Helping the poor is cool, but what about me, man? What about my needs?" Well, guess what, buddy? In a country with socialist ideals, everyone benefits from lifting the poor out of poverty. So quit being so damn self-centered.

Let's face a cold, hard truth here. Being poor is a freaking expensive lifestyle. You have to constantly make short-term financial decisions just to keep your head above water. And guess what? That shit never leads to long-term improvement. It's a never-ending cycle of struggle.

So, UBI and its comrades aim to break that cycle. Sure, it might not be perfect, just like many welfare programs in the past. But at least they're trying to make a freaking change for the better. Can you say the same about yourselves? What are you doing to better the lives of the poor, huh? Besides sitting behind your computer screen, typing away with your holier-than-thou attitude.

Oh, and for all you lucky bastards who were born into financially stable families, good for you. No one's blaming you for having a privileged background. If your family could afford to send you to good schools and you now make enough money to pay more in taxes than you receive, kudos to you! Your income is passively contributing to all the welfare and UBI programs that help those less fortunate. So, thank you!

But if all you can do is insult people in need from the comfort of your cushy chair, acting all high and mighty, then guess what? You're being a massive dick. Yeah, that's right. A Grade-A, jackass.

So, before you continue spewing your nonsense, take a moment to reflect on what you're saying. Maybe, just maybe, try putting yourself in someone else's shoes for once. And remember, a little empathy goes a long way.

Peace out, Reddit. Keep it real.
------
I mean, seriously, who cares about cockroaches and free will anyway? We're talking about humans here, right? We're the superior species, we're the ones with the ability to think and reason and make choices. So what if we don't fully understand how consciousness works? Does that really matter in the grand scheme of things?

Look, I get it. The whole concept of free will is a bit mind-boggling. Are our choices really our own, or are they just a result of a bunch of neurons firing in our brains? Maybe we're just puppets, going through the motions while some invisible force pulls the strings. But you know what? I don't care.

Whether my decisions are truly "mine" or not, I still feel like I have control over my own life. I still feel like I have agency, like I can make choices that shape my future. And honestly, that's enough for me. I don't need to delve into the philosophical depths of consciousness to live my life. I'm just gonna keep doing what I'm doing and go with the flow.

And let's be real here, even if our actions are predetermined by some intricate web of brain activity, so what? It's not like knowing that would change anything. We'd still have to go about our daily lives, making decisions and dealing with the consequences. Whether those decisions are truly "free" or not is irrelevant. We have to live with them either way.

So instead of getting caught up in all this deep thinking, why don't we focus on more important things? Like, I don't know, enjoying life, pursuing our passions, and making the most of the time we have. Because at the end of the day, whether we have free will or not, we still have the ability to make choices that bring us happiness and fulfillment.

And hey, maybe someday scientists will figure out the whole consciousness thing. Maybe they'll come up with a definitive answer to the age-old question of free will. But until then, I'm just gonna keep living my life, making decisions, and not worrying too much about whether I'm really in control or not.

So let's stop overanalyzing every little aspect of our existence. Let's embrace the uncertainty and just enjoy being human. After all, who needs free will when we have Netflix, pizza, and good company?
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? So, I stumbled upon this thread and thought I'd throw in my two cents. First things first, I totally gotta call out this one dude who said that the comic wasn't even close to being offensive. Bro, are you blind or just ignorant? The "sambo-style" used in that cartoon is straight up racist, no doubt about it. And just to set the record straight, Sambo wasn't Native American, he was a stereotype of African Americans. So, yeah, it's relevant to the conversation at hand.

Now, let's talk about intentions. Some people are saying that the artist's intention doesn't matter as long as people are offended. Man, that's a load of bull. Look, I get it. Maybe Mark Knight didn't mean to be racist, but the fact is that a whole bunch of people were hurt and felt racially attacked by that cartoon. And once that damage is done, it's pretty damn hard to reverse it. You know what they say, the road to hell is paved with good intentions.

But hold up, let's not make this a left vs right thing. Both sides have their issues when it comes to listening to each other. You got some people on the left who refuse to change anything based on criticisms from the right, and vice versa. That's messed up, man. We should all be open to dialogue and willing to learn from each other. But, real talk, the problem here is that some conservative folk hold onto some seriously bigoted views. They discriminate against people based on their race, sexuality, gender, culture, nationality, and faith. That's just not cool. We shouldn't be attacking individuals for things they can't control, know what I'm sayin'?

But yo, let's not forget that there are some crazy voices on both sides. These extremists drown out any meaningful conversation and just spew hate. It's like they don't care about finding common ground or understanding each other. They're just all about pushing their own agenda. And that's where the sane part of society comes in. We can actually have a proper discussion about whether something is offensive or not without resorting to insults and name-calling.

At the end of the day, the criticism of that cartoon was warranted. Bringing race into it was not cool, and Mark Knight should've owned up to that instead of doubling down. Instead of acknowledging the similarities between his cartoon and the racist sambo-style, he decided to be all "brave" and stick to his guns. Well, newsflash, mate, sometimes it takes more courage to admit you messed up.

Alright, rant over. That's just my take on this whole shebang. Let's keep the conversation respectful, y'all, and remember that we can learn from each other if we're willing to listen. Peace out!
------
Alright, listen up folks. I wanna talk about something that really grinds my gears - how people from a political party can just brush off accusations against one of their own like it's no big deal. Seriously, it happens all the goddamn time and there's plenty of evidence to back that shit up.

Now, before any of you start jumping down my throat, let me make one thing clear. I don't give a flying fuck about someone's gender when it comes to believing or disbelieving them. Did you even read my original post? I clearly explained why these accusations might not have been reported to law enforcement but are suddenly brought up for political purposes. It's all about those goddamn agendas, man.

Let me tell you a little story to drive my point home. Last year, I had this cokehead neighbor living across the hall from me in my apartment building. This asshole actually tried breaking into my place, chased my sorry ass down the street, and even had the audacity to punch me right in the goddamn face. You know what I did? I fucking ran like a bat outta hell. The next day, this prick flooded the whole damn building. Now, here's the kicker - I didn't press charges against him because I just wanted nothing to do with that crazy fucker. But mark my words, if I ever see him trying to run for office, you bet your sweet ass I'd speak up about what he did to me. There's a difference between wanting someone locked up and not wanting them as a goddamn elected official, alright?

And don't get me started on the whole "he's a good family man" argument. Yeah, I get it, his wife, kids, and buddies think he's a fucking saint. Well, newsflash, it doesn't mean he couldn't have been a shitty drunk in college. These things aren't mutually exclusive, so quit acting like they fucking are.

As it stands, we got three women coming forward with their stories about Kavanaugh's alleged behavior. Is there some political motivation involved? Hell yeah, there probably is. People are more likely to expose themselves to media scrutiny and all that shit if they really despise someone. Or, flip it around, they're less likely to bother if they actually support the person they're accusing. It's all about those personal biases, man.

At the end of the day, let's be real here. This whole clusterfuck is more of a goddamn political issue than a criminal one. Look, I get your position, I really do. I just happen to disagree with it. I ain't sitting here condemning or vilifying Kavanaugh, but I sure as hell ain't disbelieving his accusers just because not everyone backs up their story or because his wife, friends, and kids like him. And for all you geniuses out there blabbering about the burden of proof, let me enlighten you. We're not in a fucking courtroom, alright? This is essentially a job screening. So the burden of proof should be just enough to convince those who are voting that maybe this guy shouldn't have a lifetime appointment to the highest court of the land. Just enough to make them pick another conservative nominee from the long list of qualified candidates.

So there you have it, my friends. That's just my two cents on the matter. Take it or leave it. But if you disagree, feel free to engage in a civil discussion. Or you know, you can go fuck yourself. Your call.
------
Hey, I couldn't help but notice your post and I have a few things to say. Look, I get it, you're entitled to your opinion, but man, this post is just full of assumptions and misinformation. Let's break it down, shall we?

First off, you claim that treating these allegations as fact is the same as delaying the nomination process. But here's the thing, innocent until proven guilty applies in a court of law, not in a confirmation hearing. This isn't a criminal trial, it's about evaluating someone's qualifications for a lifetime appointment to one of the highest positions in the land.

You go on to dismiss the allegations as "pure partisan bs." Really? Are you that quick to dismiss someone's experience and trauma? Look, I'm not saying Kavanaugh is guilty, but the very least we can do is take these allegations seriously and investigate them thoroughly before making such an important decision.

Then you bring up the argument that Kavanaugh's accuser has had decades to prove him guilty. That's simply not how it works. It takes immense courage for survivors to come forward, especially when they know they'll face backlash and scrutiny. And you're saying they should have spoken up sooner? Well, maybe if society didn't constantly victim-blame and shame survivors, more of them would feel comfortable sharing their experiences.

And let's talk about your claim that the responsibility is entirely on the accusers. No, it's not. The burden of proof lies with the nominee, especially when it comes to such serious allegations. Kavanaugh should welcome an investigation if he truly believes in his innocence. It's not about responding to every accusation thrown at him, but rather about addressing these specific claims with integrity and transparency.

You also make some wild accusations about Kavanaugh being an "evil serial rapist Nazi KKK member." Seriously? Do you really think that kind of rhetoric is productive or helpful in any way? It's clear that you're more interested in pushing a narrative rather than having a rational discussion.

Next, you claim that Democrats are worried that Kavanaugh can actually read the Constitution. Come on, man, that's just reaching. Political ideologies aside, can we all agree that we want someone who respects and upholds the Constitution in such a powerful position? The concern here is not about his ability to read, but about his potential biases and stances on crucial issues.

You then bring up the lifetime appointment aspect of the Supreme Court. Sure, it's a valid point to discuss whether or not that system is ideal, but let's not forget that both parties have contributed to it. It's not some evil Democratic plot, as you seem to suggest.

Lastly, you label these allegations as "dirty politics at its worst." Look, I get that politics can be messy, but we can't ignore or dismiss serious claims just because they might inconvenience our preferred outcome. We owe it to ourselves and to the integrity of the nomination process to thoroughly investigate these allegations.

In conclusion, I understand that you have your own beliefs and opinions, but it's important to approach discussions with facts and respect. Dismissing allegations, making baseless accusations, and resorting to partisan arguments only further deepens the divide. Let's strive for a more constructive and empathetic discourse, even when discussing controversial topics.
------
Alright, let's get real here. I stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, some of the arguments being thrown around are just downright ridiculous. So, let me give you my two cents on this whole abortion debate.

First things first, I see some people arguing that the baby in the womb is a human being and therefore has all these rights that shouldn't be subjectively judged. Well, guess what? That's a debatable point, my friend. And honestly, I'm willing to concede it for the sake of this conversation because, to be honest, I find it ultimately irrelevant. Yeah, you heard me right. Irrelevant.

Now, let's talk about this whole morality thing. Some folks are trying to equate how I see morality throughout time versus how it has always been seen throughout time. Look, if I view murder as immoral, then it should always be seen as immoral regardless of the time period I look at. But hey, here's the thing. My personal morals are valid regardless of the time period, but that doesn't mean society's morals stay constant. Society has its own ups and downs when it comes to moral judgments. So, sorry to burst your bubble, but whether or not society sees murder as immoral, my personal views still stand strong.

Now, I see someone trying to argue that the baby is not invading the womb or violating the bodily integrity of the woman because it's just a product of her DNA mixed with someone else's. They even mentioned something about the embryo having a full DNA code by the first week. Hold up, hold up! Let's get our terms straight here. It's not a baby, it's a fetus. Yeah, there's a difference, you know. And sure, it may have started developing inside the body, but that doesn't mean it's not violating the woman's bodily autonomy. It's still using her body without her permission to survive. It's invading, it's invasive, call it what you want. It doesn't matter how it got there, what matters is what it's doing. And let me tell you, it's using her body against her will. And she damn well has the right to deny that use.

Oh, and let's not forget about these arguments regarding the reasons why a woman may not want the baby to be born. Is it because she feels her rights are being violated and it bothers her, or is it for societal reasons like finances? Well, guess what? We don't have to ask that question at all. Yeah, you heard me right, we don't. Why? Because the "why" has absolutely nothing to do with our ability to determine if a person should be forced to use her body against her will to sustain the life of another. It may change how you personally feel about her reasons, but it sure as hell doesn't remove her rights. So, let's just drop that pointless discussion.

Now, here's a little dose of reality for ya. Just because somebody violates your rights, whatever they may be, that doesn't mean you get to kill them. Yeah, I said it. Killing isn't the answer. But let's bring it back to the topic at hand. If someone is using our body against our will to survive, we have every damn right to discontinue that use, even if it means their death. It's not an easy decision, it's not something that should be taken lightly, but it's a fundamental right. Permission of use can be retracted at any time, my friend. And hey, let me give you an example to make it crystal clear. Imagine you're having sex with someone and you say yes in the beginning. Five minutes in, you change your damn mind. You have every right to do so. If the other person doesn't stop, they're violating your bodily autonomy, plain and simple. And you can't just go ahead and kill them, that's a whole different issue. But it doesn't change the fact that they don't have your permission to use your body.

Alright, I guess I've rambled on for far too long already. Apologies for the delayed response, life's been getting in the way. But hey, let's keep th
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! Just wanted to chime in on this thread and share my thoughts, so bear with me because I've got a whole lot to say. Buckle up!

Now, when it comes to progressive policies, I gotta say, I'm not a big fan. Yeah, call me crazy, but I just don't see the appeal. I mean, sure, we've had some civil rights and great society legislation, but that doesn't mean we should blindly support all these programs. In my humble opinion, they need a serious revamp or even better, replaced with more market-based policies. Yeah, you heard me right!

And let's talk about the fallout from the civil rights revolution. Ugh, don't even get me started! All I see are riots, censorship, political correctness, race hatred, a complete reduction of social cohesion, and the absolute destruction of the black community. It's like everything just fell apart after that. I can't help but think that maybe, just maybe, things were better off before. But hey, that's just my point of view, take it or leave it.

Now, I know some of you might argue that "Black Lives Matter" is not a racist slogan. Well, maybe the slogan itself isn't, but let's not ignore the fact that some people involved in the movement have their own hidden agenda. There are those who are deceitful and use the context to push their own narrative. So yeah, it's not as innocent as it seems.

And speaking of slogans, let's not forget about "White Lives Matter" or the incredibly controversial "All Lives Matter." I mean, seriously, why can't we acknowledge that every life is important without all these divisive slogans? It's just stupid! And don't even get me started on using echoes to make a point. Like, seriously, the only reason to do that is if you're trying to draw some negative connection to someone's ethnicity or religion. It's just plain wrong.

But here's the thing, if people are going to attack me or my group based on our characteristics or actions, then you better believe I'm gonna fire back. I mean, come on, it's only fair, right? If we're all gonna play the identity politics game, then it should be for everyone or no one at all. It's as simple as that. And hey, don't think I'm being insensitive here, I'm just pointing out the absurdity of it all.

Now, let's address the elephant in the room: Pepe. Some people claim it's this symbol of hate and racism, but really, it's just dumb post-modern American politics. And that so-called hand gesture? I don't even know if it's a real thing or not. Maybe I'm missing something, but I don't think it's as sinister as some people make it out to be. Context is everything, my friends!

And to wrap things up, I just wanna say, despite all the controversial stuff that gets thrown around here, I genuinely believe that most of you don't buy into actual racist ideology. Trust me, I've seen some real winners out there, and you guys are seriously more thoughtful and knowledgeable than those Stormfront folks. So kudos to you for that!

At the end of the day, I just hope that we can move past all this nonsense and find some common ground. It's mind-boggling how society has become so polarized that even sitting down to have a civil conversation seems impossible. We've got the freaking internet, people! We should be able to talk it out and find solutions instead of getting caught up in this petty, never-ending war.

So yeah, that's my two cents. Take it or leave it, agree or disagree, but let's keep the discussion going. And remember, be thoughtful, be respectful (or not, I mean, it's the internet), and let's try to bridge this ridiculous divide. Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Look, I get it. You have strong opinions on this topic and you want to voice them. But can we please have a civil and respectful discussion? It's hard to take you seriously when you're being so impolite and dismissive.

First of all, your response to the initial question is completely off-topic and disrespectful. The person was asking about a hypothetical situation, not trying to equate it to the current reality. Instead of dismissing the question as dishonest, why not engage in a meaningful conversation?

When it comes to the terminology, the person made a mistake by using the word "baby" instead of "fetus." However, instead of simply correcting them, you've chosen to belittle their language skills. Let's try to be more understanding and respectful, shall we?

You seem to have a misconception about bodily integrity. The person you're responding to is referring to the concept of bodily autonomy, which means that a person has the right to make decisions about their own body without interference. It's not about being able to physically harm oneself or perform specific actions. It's about having control over one's own body.

You mention how technology has changed the game when it comes to abortion. And you're right, advances in medical science have made it possible for a woman to end a pregnancy safely. But just because we can do something doesn't mean we shouldn't. It's important to recognize that every individual should have the right to make decisions about their own body and reproductive health.

You bring up the argument that morals should be valid in every context and period of time. While I understand where you're coming from, morality is subjective and varies across different cultures and societies. What may be morally acceptable to you might not be the same for someone else. It's essential to respect and acknowledge these differences in order to have a productive conversation.

When you say you don't care about the first human beings, it's quite dismissive and disrespectful. History informs the present, and understanding our roots helps us shape the future. It's important to consider different perspectives and learn from the past, even if it doesn't align with our current beliefs.

You mention that the fetus doesn't violate the mother's body, but you seem to ignore the physical and biological changes that occur during pregnancy. Pregnancy takes a toll on a woman's body and can have significant health risks. It's not just a matter of inconvenience; it's a complex issue that involves numerous factors.

Regarding the question of allowing abortions after the 26th week, it's crucial to understand that late-term abortions are incredibly rare and typically only performed in cases where the mother's life is at risk or there are severe fetal abnormalities. It's not a decision that is taken lightly. The focus should be on providing comprehensive reproductive healthcare and education to prevent unplanned pregnancies rather than limiting access to safe and legal abortions.

Lastly, let's stop with the snarky comments and personal attacks. It doesn't contribute anything meaningful to the discussion and only serves to alienate others. We can have a civil and respectful conversation while still expressing our opinions.

So, let's take a step back, reevaluate our approach, and try to have a more constructive discussion. We might not agree on everything, but that doesn't mean we can't find common ground or gain a better understanding of each other's perspectives.
------
Hey y'all, I just stumbled upon this thread and holy crap, there's some juicy tea in here! I don't know about y'all, but I feel like I just got slapped in the face with all this drama. And let me tell you, it's the kind of drama that I live for.

So first things first, Rebecca. We all know she's got that air of being calculated and slightly fake, amirite? But here's the thing, is she really just shy? Or is it a case of "fake it till you make it"? Honestly, I don't know, but it's fun to speculate. I can't help but wonder if she's putting on a show for the other queens.

And get this, Ongina dipped out of the competition for a hot minute to attend a court hearing. And of course, she's keeping it hush-hush. Girl, spill the tea! I wanna know what went down in that courtroom. But props to her for still managing to snag 20 minutes on the commercial. I mean, talk about making every second count!

Oh, and did y'all know that the queens used to sneak out at night to hang together? I guess they needed their taco fix, and Pas, being the absolute legend that he is, would hook them up. Can you imagine just chilling outside the hall, handing out tacos like some sort of fabulous taco fairy? Iconic.

Now, let's talk about Tammie. She straight-up admitted that she did two takes of "Break the Dawn" because she couldn't be bothered to dance the first time. I mean, who does that? But you know what, I kinda respect her for it. She didn't like the song, and she wasn't about to entertain anyone if she wasn't feeling it. Tammie, you do you, girl.

So apparently, Ongina thinks Rebecca is back in retail. And hey, there's nothing wrong with that! It's an honest living, and we all gotta pay those bills somehow. Maybe Rebecca missed the spotlight and decided to go back to her retail roots. Honestly, I wouldn't blame her.

Shannel dropped a bombshell too. That whole headpiece falling off incident? Yeah, turns out it was intentional. She wanted to make a statement, and boy, did she succeed. I mean, who needs a fancy headpiece anyway? Shannel can slay the game without it.

And hold up, did y'all know that Chad's family turned down the show? Big names like that rejecting RuPaul herself? I'm shook! But it gets even better. Ongina, our queen, initially said no too. But after being hounded by some minion for a week, she caved and made a 30-minute-long tape. I mean, the audacity! But hey, desperate times call for desperate measures, right?

Okay, so here's a major plot twist. Originally, the show was supposed to feature drag queens and their best friends. They were gonna be assistants and everything. But at the last minute, Ru decides, "Nah, we just want the queens." So poor Porkchop and others who were counting on their BFFs got totally screwed over. Like, how unfair is that? Porkchop was left high and dry, struggling with sewing and whatnot. Ru, you gotta give these girls a break!

Now, onto some season 4 tea. Apparently, Ru had to lay down the law and tell the queens to keep their damn wigs and shoes on. Can you believe some of them were taking them off? Come on, ladies, this is not a strip show! Keep it together!

But wait, hold up. Michelle Williams singled out Willam as an example for others to follow because she didn't take off her shoes or adjust her posture after four long hours. And guess what? A few days later, the judges read her for being "robotic" and creepy. Like, what the actual hell? Poor Willam, can never catch a break.

Oh, and brace yourselves, y'all. Shannel had the audacity to thank Willam and Alaska over the phone for showing that drag queens don't have to be pretty. The shade of it all! I mean, Willam must have been gagged by that backhanded compliment. Queens supporting queens, my ass.

And last but not least, Santino. That man is always bothered, isn't he? I swear, he could find something to pick at even if you handed him a perfect look on a silver platter. Santino, honey, relax. It's just drag.

Alright, that's enough tea spilling for one day. I need to catch my breath after all this drama. But honestly, this subreddit is giving me life with all these behind-the-scenes nuggets of information. Keep 'em coming, y'all!
------
Hey guys, I just wanted to share my thoughts and experiences with amphetamine. Let me tell you, it's one hell of a drug.

So, let me start by saying that the first few times I tried this stuff, man, it was incredible. I mean, I felt like a goddamn superhero. I could talk to anyone, dance all night, and the best part? No need to redose like with coke. It was like the ultimate party drug.

Of course, I had heard all the stories about how addictive it can be, so I tried to be responsible with my use. Maybe once a month, maybe less, just whenever someone happened to offer it to me. No big deal, right?

But then I had this party coming up, and my usual hookup wasn't available. So, I thought, screw it, I'll buy my own. Just a few grams to last me a while, I told myself. Little did I know what I was getting myself into.

That party, guys, it was insane. While all these drunk idiots were stumbling around, I was in the perfect zone. I was having the time of my life, feeling hyped, and being the social butterfly I never knew I could be. And the best part? I seemed sober. Like, completely normal, except better.

I even managed to get a couple of numbers from some girls. But later on, I started questioning if they were into the real me or just the amped-up version. It messes with your head, you know?

So, here's where things start to go downhill. I had quite a bit of this stuff left over from the party, but no more events lined up. So, what do I do? I start using it for work, school, and everything in between. It became my secret weapon, my cheat code to turn any bad day into a great one.

I mean, seriously, this drug is versatile as hell. Whether I needed to focus on an important project or just wanted to have a good time, amphetamine was always there for me. Sure, the comedowns sucked, and I noticed I was losing weight because I couldn't eat, but who cares? I was eating too much anyway, right?

Little did I know that this sneaky substance was gradually taking control of my life. See, amphetamine hijacks your brain's reward center. It tricks you into thinking it's healthy and good for you. Your brain screams, "Keep doing this, it's the best thing ever!"

And man, did I listen. I always found an excuse to use it, even when my friends started getting worried and telling me to slow down. But what do they know? I'm in control, right? I can stop whenever I want. Or so I thought.

As time went on, the comedowns got worse, and the breaks between using got shorter. My tolerance shot through the roof, and I found myself constantly chasing that initial high. I knew deep down that I was overdoing it, but I kept making promises to myself. "After this weekend, I'll stop. Next week, I swear. Maybe next month." Lies. All lies.

So, guys, let me warn you. Amphetamine is one tricky little substance. It's seductive, it masks itself as the answer to all your problems, but in reality, it's slowly tightening its grip on you. Don't make the same mistakes I did. Stay away from this shit, and save yourself from falling down this rabbit hole.

Stay safe out there, folks.
------
Do you have a source on any of that?

Well, first of all, he has brought businesses back into the states by giving them incentives to do so, bringing more jobs to people while cutting down on child labor in countries like China. But what businesses has he really brought back? Are you talking about those Carrier jobs that Trump made a big deal about saving when he was first elected? Guess what, those are gone now. He didn't actually save them. So much for bringing businesses back, huh?

Secondly, repealing Obamacare. While I think we should have some form of free healthcare, Obamacare was flawed. But let's get one thing straight: Trump hasn't repealed Obamacare. He eliminated the individual mandate, which has dealt a blow to the Affordable Care Act, but it's still very much alive. So don't go around spreading misinformation about things that haven't even happened yet.

And speaking of the repeal, you're saying it's projected to increase GDP? According to what numbers? Everything I've read suggests that a total repeal of Obamacare (which, just to remind you, has not yet happened) would cost about $350 billion over the course of 10 years. That's according to both a Congressional Budget Office report and a report from the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. Totally eliminating Obamacare without an alternative, which seems to be the Republicans' strategy, would be disastrous.

And if you look at the numbers, GDP has gone up and unemployment has gone down, right? Funny that you mention that. It's true that the GDP had a good last quarter under Trump. However, it wasn't like Obama didn't have similarly good quarters. Obama had four quarters of higher GDP growth and several quarters in which growth was roughly the same. Also, you have to consider that almost 20% of that growth last quarter was due to the tax cuts. That means it was a one-time thing only. And even worse, those tax cuts, which gave us a temporary GDP bump, are expected to more than double the federal deficit by next year. So much for sustainable economic growth.

As far as unemployment goes, it's at the same rate as it was under Obama. Trump didn't turn anything around; he just kept the rate the same as it had been. Even further, wage growth has stagnated under Trump, whereas they had been going up under Obama. So even though unemployment is going down at the same rate, wages aren't looking too hot.

I get that you want the guy to succeed. I think that America is the greatest, most powerful country in the world, and I want it to continue to be that way. But you have to understand that when Trump or his allies make a bunch of bold claims about how great he's doing, he's lying to you. The guy lies about everything, even small, insignificant things like the size of his inauguration crowd. What makes you think that he wouldn't also lie to you about this kind of stuff? That's why everyone in the video is laughing at him; because they know he's a liar, and they're not afraid to let him know it.

So, please, before you start spreading false information, make sure you have the facts straight. Don't fall for the lies and exaggerations. We deserve better than that.
------
Alright, so here's my take on your request for an informal and impolite post on a new thread in a subreddit. Brace yourself, because I'm about to unleash some unfiltered opinions on this topic. Now, let's talk about this so-called "founding father" Jefferson.

First off, people always go on about how Jefferson was this great advocate for freedom and democracy, but let me tell you, that's a load of hogwash. Sure, he may have talked a big game about free speech and all that, but when it came down to it, he was just as hypocritical as the rest of them. Did you know he actually supported slander laws? Yeah, he didn't like it when people started criticizing him, so he wanted to shut them up. Talk about a champion of free speech, right?

And don't even get me started on his stance on slavery. Yeah, sure, he made a couple of weak gestures against it, but let's be real here. His whole livelihood, along with his constituency, state, and region, depended on slavery. They wanted to make sure it was protected, so they even put a ban on discussing slavery in the Constitution for 25 freakin' years! It's obvious where his true priorities lay.

Oh, and let's not forget about his progressive leanings, or lack thereof. Jefferson was nothing more than an aristocratic poser. He liked to pretend he cared about the common people, but in reality, he was just a power-hungry manipulator. He would say and do anything to gain and hold onto power, including putting on a public facade. The Jefferson in France was a completely different person from the one at home. Talk about a two-faced politician.

And as for his support of international democratic revolutions, let's not get carried away here. He may have pretended to back those revolutions, but when push came to shove, he left people hanging. Just look at what happened with Francisco de Miranda and his attempt to liberate Caracas. Jefferson and Monroe conveniently turned their backs on him, leaving him out to dry. Real supportive, huh?

The only revolution Jefferson really cared about was the French Revolution, and that's because he was a total francophile. So yeah, no surprises there. He didn't want Napoleon to have control over Louisiana, so he armed the rebels in Haiti. But let's not kid ourselves into thinking he was some kind of champion for international democratic movements.

In conclusion, Jefferson may have had a few progressive sentiments here and there, but overall, he was far from being the furthest left of the founding fathers. He was just another power-hungry, hypocritical politician who said one thing and did another. So let's stop idolizing him and start seeing him for what he really was  a manipulative elitist who cared more about his own interests than the people he claimed to represent.

Alright, rant over. Feel free to disagree, but that's just my two cents on the matter.
------
Hey there fellow Redditors,

Just thought I'd share my two cents on this topic as an airline pilot. So, let's dive right in.

First things first, crew meals. Oh boy, don't even get me started. We pilots would kill to have proper "crew meals" like some lucky folks out there. But the sad reality is that most airlines just don't bother. Sure, sometimes we might get lucky and be offered some leftover first class meal, courtesy of the flight attendants, but that's about it.

You see, airlines are all about one thing and one thing only - profit. It's all about that bottom line, baby! So forget about checked bag fees or anything else going away. They won't. Why? Well, because there's no such thing as a free lunch, my friend. If an airline were to start providing meals for its employees, guess who would end up footing the bill? That's right, you and me. And trust me, they ain't gonna let anything eat into their precious profits.

Let me drop a little nugget of trivia for you. Back in the 1980s, American Airlines decided to remove just one olive from each of its first class meals. Wanna know how much money that saved them? Drumroll, please... around $300,000 a year! Now imagine if they were to splurge on a whole meal for each pilot. I mean, sure, mainline pilots have meals covered under their fancy contracts, but us regional folks? Nah, we're left to scrounge for ourselves.

Now, let's talk about plane changes. Ah, the joy of never knowing what you'll be flying from one moment to the next. Some days, you'll stick with the same plane for all your flights. Other days, you might find yourself swapping planes multiple times throughout the day. And boy, there are countless reasons for these change-ups.

Sometimes, the damn thing is just broken. Yeah, surprise, surprise - sometimes planes have issues and can't fly until they get fixed. If there's a maintenance base in a certain city, they might want to fly that broken bird over there for repairs. And mind you, not all airlines have their maintenance facilities at their hubs. Nope, us regional folks sometimes have to rely on smaller towns like South Bend, Boise, Knoxville, Des Moines, and the like for overnight work.

But wait, there's more! Sometimes you end up with a long layover at a hub, but that plane needs to keep flying and another crew will take over. So, yeah, plane swaps happen for a zillion different reasons. It's just a part of our everyday lives up in the air.

Now, let's talk about starting in new airports every day. We call it an "overnight." Basically, pilots and flight attendants have their respective "bases," where they begin and end their trips. But ever wondered how a pilot magically appears at a small-town airport for that godforsaken 6am flight? Well, my friend, it's all thanks to overnights.

Here's what a typical day looks like for us. We fly from our hub to an outstation, then back to the hub (or maybe another hub if the airline feels fancy). From there, we fly to another outstation, stop, check into our hotel, and call it a day. The next day, we show up at that outstation, fly back to a hub, go to yet another outstation and back, before hopping off to another one for the night. Rinse and repeat for 3-5 days straight. Finally, on the last day, we arrive back at our base and head home. Simple, right?

Well, some people live in the area, so they just drive home. Lucky them! But for us poor souls who don't have that luxury, we commute. Yeah, we literally travel from our homes to the airport via our own travel benefits or jumpseat on a different carrier. It's a common practice, believe it or not.

So, there you have it. Your last paragraph hit the nail on the head. You'll get the hang of it, my friend. And hey, sorry if I rambled on a bit. Feel free to ask any questions if you need clarification or just want to shoot the breeze.

Safe travels,

Your friendly neighborhood pilot
------
Yo, what's up peeps! Week 4 is here and I'm back with an updated trade value chart for all you fantasy football junkies out there. So, I've made some changes to my process this time around. First off, I wrote this sick function to quantify player positions based on historical data. Then, I took the latest expert consensus rankings from FantasyPros and applied my function to get some numbers. But wait, that's not all! I also averaged in the trade values from CBS and this new source I found called 4for4. Gotta have all the sources, ya know?

Now, here comes the fun part. I actually took the time to go through all the comments in the Reddit fantasy trade thread because I figured you guys might actually have something useful to say for once. Oh, and I also checked the Yahoo trade market for some 1 for 1 trades to see if I needed to adjust anything. I know, I'm a freakin' genius.

So, let's talk about the experts. These dudes have some serious biases, man. They're all about the top players, the bottom players, and everything in between. And guess what? People are not happy about it. I mean, I see the comments on their articles every week, and let me tell ya, there's a whole bunch of disapproval and straight up anger. So, I decided to take matters into my own hands and use some crowd-sourced data from Reddit and Yahoo to create better trade values. You're welcome.

Alright, here's how I did it. I started by collecting a bunch of trade values for RBs, WRs, TEs, and QBs from the expert ranks. Then, I arranged them in numerical order like a boss. After that, I scoured the available trade data for any 1 for 1 or 1 for 2 trades where one side had a throw-in player. For example, let's say someone traded Brandon Cooks, a WR, for Carlos Hyde, an RB. Yeah, that's an old example, but you get the idea. These crossover points allowed me to manually adjust the trade values of individual players and tiers of players to match the actual trades happening out there in the fantasy world.

I started with WR values and matched them up with RB crossover points. Then, I adjusted the TE values based on the RB and WR values to get more data points. And finally, I did the same thing for the QB values, using the RB, WR, and TE values. It's like a frickin' puzzle, man. And let me tell ya, it took some serious brain power.

Oh, and I didn't forget about you PPR lovers out there. I listened to your cries and added a 0.5 PPR multiplier. So yeah, you heathens can thank me later.

I've got the Week 4 trade value sheet right here for you to feast your eyes on. And if you're more of a visual learner, I've even got an Imgur link with some fancy screenshots for ya. I know, I spoil you guys.

Alright, that's about it from me. Hit me up if you got any questions or comments. Just remember, these trade values ain't my opinion or anything. I'm just a data collector and applier. And let me tell ya, I use these tables to dominate in all my leagues. So, you better believe they're legit.

Keep on tradin',

Peakedinhighskool
------
Hey guys, I've been lurking on this subreddit for a while and I gotta say, some of y'all really need to chill. Like seriously, it's just submarines, not rocket science. Well, actually, it kinda is rocket science, but you get what I'm saying.

So let's start with what submarines actually do. I know most of it is classified and super top secret, but I can spill some beans. We do a bunch of exercises and training to keep ourselves sharp. One thing we love to do is anti-submarine warfare drills. We team up with some surface ships and pretend to be sneaky little subs, so they can practice hunting us down. It's like a game of hide and seek, except with torpedoes and stuff.

Now, I know you're dying to know how deep these bad boys can dive. Well, let me tell you, it's a big secret. But hey, rumor has it that these babies can go deeper than 400 feet. And they can even zip through the water at over 20 knots. Now, don't quote me on that, I could be totally wrong.

But hold up, before you start fantasizing about epic submarine battles, let me burst your bubble. Those kind of battles are pretty much a thing of the past. Nowadays, we just practice them for fun. Well, except maybe the South Koreans, they might have had some scuffles with those North Koreans. But nothing like what you see in movies or read in history books. If two highly capable nuclear submarines go head to head, we're talking about a full-on World War III situation. So calm your buns, the high seas are not a submarine fight club.

Now, let's talk about the crew. Attack submarines usually have around 125 to 150 crew members. But hey, ballistic missile submarines are even bigger and need more people to run the show. We split our duties into three teams because no one wants to work 24 hours a day. We need time to rest, eat, play video games (yeah, you heard that right), and maybe even catch up on some Netflix. So having three teams helps us survive the never-ending cycle of submarine life.

Oh, and speaking of communication, transmitting signals from a submarine is like shouting "Yo, I'm here!" to the whole dang ocean. It's not very smart. We like to keep things hush-hush, so we mostly listen instead of transmit. And when we do transmit, we use fancy dishes to send the signal straight to a specific point, instead of broadcasting it everywhere like a wannabe radio host.

Now, I know you're all wondering if we have some cool VR systems to keep the crew entertained. Well, hate to disappoint you, but there's not a whole lot of space down there for all that fancy equipment. A laptop is pretty much all we need to kill some time. Most of us prefer watching movies or playing video games on our flat-screen TVs. And let me tell you, we have notches on our belts for getting into trouble once we hit port and finally get some freedom. It's like we release our pent-up energy in the wildest ways possible.

So there you have it, folks. A brief look into the world of submarines. Hope I satisfied your curiosity, but remember, take everything I said with a grain of sea salt. And if you ever get the chance, go thank a submariner for sacrificing their sanity for months on end. It's a tough gig, but someone's gotta do it. Stay salty, my friends!
------
Alright, let me just put this out there. I gotta say, I had no freakin' clue who the other guy was until this morning. Like seriously, I had never even heard of him. So you can trust that what I'm about to say is totally unbiased. Now, don't get me wrong, I kinda dig Eminem. Back in the day, his old stuff was bumpin' on repeat in my car during high school in the 90s. But then I sorta lost interest in hip hop for a while. Recently though, when Kamikaze dropped, I thought, "Alright, let's give this a shot." And let me tell you, that first track was straight up fire and brimstone. I mean, holy shit, it was like the Eminem I remembered from back in the day. Sure, I didn't love the whole album, but a lot of it was good to me.

Now, here's where things get interesting. When I woke up this morning, I finally heard "Rap Devil" for the first time ever. Am I gonna say it's some revolutionary masterpiece? Hell no. But listen, it sounds like this MGK dude is actually spittin' some truth. He calls out Eminem for being a rich crybaby, and honestly, I kinda see his point. I mean, Eminem acts all tough, but he's shelling out millions for security? That's pretty damn funny, and it's actually true. MGK also says he made it in the industry without Dr. Dre's help. Now, I don't know the ins and outs of MGK's career, so I can't verify the truth there, but we all know Eminem definitely got a boost from Dre. That's just plain fact, my friends.

But wait, there's more! MGK drops some lines about how it took Eminem six whole years to come back with a diss. And you know what? That's sorta true too. I mean, sure, I know about the Techn9ne thing, but still. MGK also claims that Eminem tried to get record labels to put a hold on other artists' stuff and wanted an apology. Now, I can't say for certain if that's true or not 'cause Eminem didn't mention it in "Killshot" (or maybe I missed it). But that kinda makes me think maybe MGK isn't totally full of shit.

So, naturally, I had to give "Killshot" a listen too. And man, let me tell you, it starts off with lines like "I left hickeys on Rihanna's neck" and "I was watching 8 Mile on a NordicTrack." Like seriously, what the fuck is that? And then he's like, "Here's an autograph, for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap." I mean, come on! You have a man bun? That's the best you got? The track does get better after that questionable start, but then it takes another nosedive with that cereal line. Ugh, it's just not good, man. And hey, let's not forget the fact that Eminem can't even count properly. He said four albums when it was really just three. Can't count, huh? Lame, man. Just lame.

Look, I'm not saying the whole track is garbage 'cause there are parts that are decent. But overall, it just falls flat for me. The flow, the beat, it's just not up to par. And to be honest, I expected more, especially after hearing all those stories about rappers being terrified of Eminem. "The greatest rapper"? I ain't feelin' it, man.

So look, that's just my two cents on the whole Eminem vs. MGK situation. I'm just a casual listener, so take it for what it is. Let's keep this discussion going and see what y'all think. No hard feelings, right? Peace!
------
Hey guys, I gotta get something off my chest. So, I've been around the block, if you catch my drift. I've traveled to different countries, hooked up with countless women, and even attended massive swinger events. And let me tell you, it's given me a pretty interesting perspective on women and sex.

Now, before you jump down my throat, let me clarify something. I'm not saying women hate sex or anything like that. But from my experiences, it seems like most women aren't actively seeking it out. I mean, seriously, it's like they'd rather go watch a movie, have dinner, or hit the club instead. What gives, ladies?

Oh, and here's another thing that baffles me. Sure, these women love having a handsome hunk around, soaking up all the attention that comes with it. But when it comes to getting down and dirty, they just don't seem as enthusiastic. Most of them are ready to tap out after a measly 30-45 minutes. I mean, come on, that's barely enough time to scratch the surface of pleasure!

And le
------
Hey guys, I just wanted to share my thoughts on this whole atheist thing. So here's the deal: I was raised in a Catholic family but never had faith. Like, ever. And let me tell you, it's been a real trip.

I'm 21 now and for most of my teenage years, I was cool with not believing in all that religious stuff. But here's the thing, I don't want to be labeled as an atheist. Why? Well, because I think it's seriously arrogant to just dismiss all the knowledge that humanity has accumulated over centuries in the name of Western science. Like, come on, science has only been around for a couple hundred years, and people act like it's the end-all-be-all.

Don't get me wrong, science is great and all. It's definitely been a game-changer for some people. But to me, religious and mystical knowledge is just as valid when it comes to understanding reality. It took me a long-ass time to come to this conclusion, and I'm a pretty skeptical person, but I'm convinced that science can't explain everything. And it never will, at least not in my lifetime.

But even with all that said, I still can't bring myself to believe in religion. I mean, I've tried so many times, it's not even funny. I've read all these religious texts and got all emotional about them. I've cried my eyes out listening to people talk about their spiritual experiences. I've even felt some crazy stuff meditating in Buddhist temples. But no matter what, I can't flip that switch and truly believe in all that.

It's like my brain is hardwired to question everything, even when I'm not actively trying to be a skeptic. And here's another thing, I can't stand the idea that one culture or religion has all the answers. I'm studying anthropology, and that kind of thinking goes against everything I'm learning. I'm all about that relativistic mindset, you know?

So my question for you guys is this: Do you think you chose to be an atheist, or were you always inclined to not believe? Have any of you tried being religious or having faith? Because for me, atheism feels like it's not even a choice. I've tried so damn hard to have faith, but it's just not something I can develop, no matter how much I try.

So what are your thoughts? Is anyone else here not cool with being an atheist for similar reasons? Let's discuss, and maybe we can find some common ground.
------
Alright, I get it. You've got some strong opinions about Elon Musk and his ventures. But let's take a step back and evaluate your arguments here. 

First off, you claim that Tesla is not profitable and therefore, useless. But have you considered the long-term vision of the company? Tesla is investing heavily in research and development, pushing the boundaries of electric vehicle technology. Sure, they may not be making massive profits right now, but they are paving the way for a sustainable future. It takes time and resources to achieve something of that magnitude.

You also compare finding a penny on the street to Tesla's profits over the last 15 years. That's an apples-to-oranges comparison. Tesla is not just about making quick profits; it's about redefining an entire industry. They are investing in infrastructure, supercharger networks, and battery technology. In the grand scheme of things, a penny is insignificant compared to the impact Tesla is making.

Now, let's talk about SpaceX. You argue that reusable rockets were already invented and tested, but Elon Musk came along and made them work. Well, yes, he did. SpaceX revolutionized the space industry with its Falcon rockets. They drastically reduced costs and paved the way for commercial space travel. NASA even contracts with SpaceX because they trust their technology. So, it seems like SpaceX has pretty solid proof that their rockets are economically feasible.

As for your claim that Musk "rapes" the government by taking advantage of subsidies and contracts, I believe you're exaggerating. Many companies, even big ones like Lockheed, receive government support. If the government felt like they were being taken advantage of, they wouldn't continue providing these incentives. It's a mutually beneficial relationship. And let's not forget that SpaceX is providing a valuable service by launching satellites and resupplying the International Space Station. It's not as one-sided as you make it out to be.

You also mention that anyone with enough money could start a rocket company. While that may be true in theory, it overlooks the fact that starting a successful company requires more than just money. It takes vision, perseverance, and leadership skills. Elon Musk had a clear goal in mind and was willing to risk his own fortune to achieve it. That's not something just anyone can do.

Moving on to SolarCity. You claim it was a failed project that Musk got bored of after the solar subsidies ran out. Well, that's simply not true. Musk didn't start or operate SolarCity; he invested in it and eventually merged it with Tesla. So, your argument falls flat there.

And let's address your comment about Musk sleeping on the factory floor. It's not about changing anything; it's about leading by example. Musk is known for his hands-on approach and dedication to his work. It's a testament to his work ethic and commitment to his projects.

Lastly, you accuse Musk's supporters of worshiping him because they haven't accomplished anything significant in their own lives. That's a baseless assumption. People support Elon Musk because they admire his audacity and his ability to push boundaries. Just because someone appreciates his work doesn't mean they haven't achieved anything themselves. It's unfair to generalize and belittle others just because they have a different perspective.

In conclusion, while you may have strong opinions about Elon Musk and his ventures, it's important to base your arguments on facts and avoid personal attacks. Elon Musk has achieved remarkable success and has contributed greatly to various industries. Dismissing his accomplishments without considering the bigger picture does a disservice to the impact he has made. So, let's appreciate the advancements he has brought forth and acknowledge the challenges and risks he has overcome.
------
Yo, what's up everyone? Just wanted to jump in here and give my two cents on this whole debate about the son's prehuman existence. I gotta say, it's all a bit confusing with different translations and interpretations, but I'll try to break it down for ya.

So, we got John saying in the New World Translation that "the word was with god, and the word was a god." And then we got the King James Version and the Douay Version saying "the word was with god, and the word was god." Honestly, it kinda seems like they're saying two different things here.

But hey, let's look at the Greek text, right? Apparently, there's a definite article before the first "god," but not before the second one. So some translations, like the Emphatic Diaglott, go with "a god" instead of "the god." They even use capital and small capital letters to differentiate between the two. That's pretty frickin' helpful, I gotta say.

And check this out, other translations also support the idea that Jesus is a "god" but not the almighty god. The New English Bible says "what god was, the word was." Moffatt's translation goes with "the logos was divine." And the American Translation says "the word was divine." These translations highlight the quality of the word, not his identity with the almighty god.

Some German translators even go with "of divine being" or "god of a sort." I mean, that definitely puts a spin on things, right?

Now, here's where it gets interesting. Professor Charles Cutler Torrey's translation says "the word was with god, and the word was god." But notice that "god" isn't capitalized. Seems like a small thing, but it could make a big difference. Is he saying the word is the almighty god or just divine in some way?

And let's not forget that the word, or lo'gos, was God's only direct creation, the only-begotten son. He was like the right-hand man, if you will. Through him, all things were created. So yeah, he's got some serious power, but he ain't the big guy himself.

I don't know about you all, but it seems pretty clear to me that the word, Jesus, is a god but not the almighty god. He's got that divine quality, being the son of Jehovah God and all.

But hey, I'm just a casual Reddit user, so take my opinion with a grain of salt. There's a whole lot more to dive into and analyze when it comes to this topic. That's what makes it so interesting, right?

Anyway, hope I didn't bore you all too much with my ramblings. Would love to hear what y'all think about this whole thing. Do you agree with these translations? Or do you have a different take on it? Let's keep the discussion going!
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I stumbled upon this post while mindlessly scrolling through this subreddit, and I just couldn't resist chiming in. Now, I gotta say, this whole argument against eating meat is just plain ridiculous. Seriously, are we still talking about this?

So, here's the deal. You claim that anyone who eats meat doesn't have a long-term view of the future. Oh, really? Well, let me tell you something, pal. Eating meat isn't the end of the world. The real issue here is capitalism and the lack of control over reproduction. Yeah, that's right. It's not the juicy steaks or succulent burgers that are screwing up the planet, it's those greedy corporations and people popping out babies left and right without a care in the world.

Now, I know you vegans like to think that if everyone magically went vegan, all our problems would be solved. But news flash, buddy, it just ain't that simple. Even if the entire world started munching on vegan burgers, places like McDonald's wouldn't disappear overnight. They'd just start serving up vegan(ish) options and continue to exploit the environment to fill their greedy pockets.

And speaking of environmental destruction, let's talk about all the other crap that's ruining the planet. Tea, palm oil, coffee, almonds - they're all produced in unsustainable ways, and guess what? They have nothing to do with meat! So, before you start wagging your finger at us meat-eaters, take a long hard look at the whole damn system, because that's where the real problem lies.

Now, I'm not denying that cars, coal power, and those pesky hydroelectric dams are causing havoc too. But are you going around telling people not to use electricity or drive their cars? Didn't think so. So why single out meat? It's just one piece of the puzzle, my friend.

Let's face it, the system is broken. These big companies are running the show, lobbying their way to profit while producing low-quality products. And let's not forget about the addictive nature of fast food. McDonald's and their cronies are hooking people on their greasy goodness, keeping them coming back for more even when their lives are consumed by work and stress. So, don't go blaming the average Joe for chowing down on a burger. The real blame lies with the messed-up system that allows this madness to continue.

Now, imagine a world where people aren't bombarded by advertisements, where they have the freedom to make choices about reproduction, and where consumerism isn't the only way of life. Imagine a world where we actually take care of one another instead of mindlessly consuming and chasing after selfish desires. In that world, meat wouldn't be a problem anymore.

So, here's the bottom line, my friends. Instead of pointing fingers and demonizing your fellow human beings for enjoying a good steak, let's focus on changing the system. Let's use our voices, our votes, and our collective power to demand better from our politicians and corporations. Because that's the only way we're gonna fix this mess.

And hey, before I wrap this up, check out this video by some guy named Peters talking about plastic straws. It's actually got some pretty interesting points: [insert URL here]. Trust me, it's worth a watch.

Alright, rant over. Carry on, good people of Reddit. And remember, let's change the system, not the menu.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I've been scrolling through this subreddit for a while now, and I gotta say, some of y'all need a reality check. I just came across this post about skill buffs through items and sets, and let me tell you, it's a load of horse crap.

First of all, the OP here seems to be confused about the whole concept. They're arguing that you can blindly take any skill and buff it with items and sets. But wait a minute, doesn't that statement contradict itself? I mean, come on, if you can buff any skill, then why the hell would you have to choose your skills based on your set? It just doesn't make any sense.

And let's not even get started on the whole idea that sets are meant to enhance builds. Enhance builds my ass! Sets actually destroy build diversity. Yeah, you heard me right. Just take a look at the average LoN builds. They can barely handle gr75-85 while those lucky bastards with 6-piece sets can breeze through gr110 or even higher.

Let's do some quick math here, shall we? If we take into account that every higher rift level has enemies with 17% more health, that means the power gap between sets and average LoN builds is around 11,000%. Yeah, you heard me right, 11,000%! That's insane!

And don't even get me started on the constraints these sets put on your build. Barbarians, where are your builds that use overpower and revenge? Demon Hunters, why aren't you rocking elemental arrow and spike trap? And wizards, why the hell doesn't disintegrate work with the DMO set? It's like the devs are forcing us to use specific skills, and it's just plain ridiculous.

If the developers had just balanced the base skills and runes against each other and focused on creating more "generic" sets and legendaries, we would have so much more build diversity. You know, stuff like the amulet that pulls enemies together, the gloves that give you a shield when you encounter elites, or the belt that blinds enemies. But no, instead we get sets with overpowered effects that only work with a select few skills.

It's just frustrating, you know? We could have had a game with endless possibilities and variety, but instead, we're stuck with this unbalanced mess. So yeah, next time someone tries to argue that sets enhance builds, you can bet your bottom dollar I'll be there to shut them down.

Alright, rant over. I'm done wasting my time on this thread. Time to go back to scrolling through more entertaining content. Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I've got a bone to pick with all you random dudes who think it's perfectly acceptable to strike up a conversation with a girl on public transit. Let me set the scene for you: I'm this 18-year-old girl, just minding my own business, trying to get from point A to point B without any unnecessary interactions. Is that too much to ask? Apparently so.

Now, before you jump to conclusions, let me make it clear that I'm not some antisocial weirdo who despises human interaction. I love meeting new people, having interesting conversations, and expanding my horizons. But you know what I don't love? Being bombarded with unwanted attention when all I want is a little peace and quiet during my journey.

Let's get one thing straight here. I'm not trying to sound sexist, but this issue has only been with men so far. Imagine this: I'm sitting there, headphones on, gazing out of the window, doing everything I can to show that I am not open to chitchat. Yet, here they come, these oblivious gentlemen, thinking they can break through my invisible "leave me alone" force field. It's like they have some kind of sixth sense for zeroing in on women who would rather not engage in conversation.

I'm not saying that all men are creepy or that they're all out to get me, but seriously, why can't they just take a hint? It's not rocket science, folks. If a girl is wearing headphones, avoiding eye contact, and giving short, dismissive answers, that should be a pretty clear indication that she's not interested in chatting you up. It's like they see my actions as some sort of challenge to overcome or a puzzle to solve.

And let's not even get started on the ones who take it to the next level. You know, the ones who follow you off the train and start bombarding you with personal questions. I had this one guy who wouldn't take no for an answer. He followed me all the way to my taxi, spewing compliments and telling me how much he liked me. Seriously, dude? I've got a boyfriend, and even if I didn't, I wouldn't be interested in a guy who clearly doesn't understand the concept of personal space.

I mean, come on! Where are your manners? In my home country, we have an unspoken rule that starting a conversation with a girl wearing headphones on public transit is just plain creepy. It's like a social code, a basic understanding that you respect someone's desire for solitude. But I guess that rule doesn't apply here.

So, to all the random men out there who think it's perfectly okay to disrupt a girl's peaceful train ride, please do us all a favor and take a step back. Understand that we have our own lives, our own thoughts, and our own reasons for wanting a peaceful journey. Respect our boundaries, and if you must strike up a conversation, at least read the room beforehand.

But let me be clear, this post isn't meant to paint me as some kind of saint. I know my behavior may come off as asshole-ish to some. However, I choose to act distant and dismissive because I want to avoid uncomfortable and potentially dangerous situations. It's a defense mechanism, a way to ward off unwanted advances and protect myself.

In conclusion, guys, please don't be that guy. Don't be the one who can't take a hint or refuses to acknowledge a woman's boundaries. We all have our own motivations for wanting a peaceful train ride, and it's high time you respected that. And to all my fellow ladies out there, stay strong, keep shutting down those unwelcome advances, and never feel guilty about prioritizing your safety and comfort.
------
Look, I gotta be straight with you guys. Cheating sucks, there's no doubt about it. But what really grinds my gears is how universities play favorites when it comes to punishing cheaters. It's like they have this double standard where some students get off with a slap on the wrist while others get the book thrown at them. And let me tell you, this happens all the damn time.

Take a look at UNC, for example. This supposedly "respectable" university had a whole fake degree program set up just for their athletes. Yeah, you heard me right. They were practically endorsing cheating for their chosen few. It's absolutely ridiculous! And don't even get me started on their bullshit honor code policy. They might as well call it the "Honor Code for Everyone Except Our Athletes". Here's the link if you don't believe me. It'll make your blood boil, I promise.

The problem here is the disparity in how they treat people. It's like they have these secret kangaroo courts that hand out punishments based on who you are rather than what you did. And that's not right, my friends. That's not right at all. OP got screwed over big time with that GPA reduction to 1.0. Talk about an overreach!

Now, let's talk about lawsuits. Some of you seem to think that the only reason people sue is for money. Well, newsflash, genius! In the case of that dude from SDSU, he won because he wanted that cheating expulsion removed from his academic record. And let me tell you, that shit sticks with you and can seriously screw up your future. So, don't downplay the importance of getting that removed, ya hear?

And let's not forget about the good ol' legal system. You might have a little too much faith in institutions, my friend. Trust me, I've been there. But universities are just as dirty as any other racket out there. In fact, it's gotten worse with all this fancy technology. Back when I was in grad school, the Chinese and Indian students were cheating left and right, and the university did nothing because they bring in that sweet cash. I even talked to the dean about it, but guess what? Nothing happened. Money talks, my friends, and universities only care about one thing: the green.

So here's my advice to all of you poor souls who might find yourselves in a sticky situation, whether you're guilty or not. Don't say a damn word, admit nothing, and get yourself a lawyer. Seriously, it's the smartest move you can make. Lawyers know their shit, and they'll get you a better deal than if you try to rely on the mercy of some shady institution. Trust me, I've been there, done that, and got the damn t-shirt.

In conclusion, cheating is wrong, but universities need to stop playing favorites and start treating everyone equally. And hey, if you ever find yourself in trouble, remember what I said: keep your mouth shut, deny everything, and lawyer up. It's your best chance at getting a fair shake. Good luck out there, my fellow Redditors. Stay smart, stay strong, and may the odds be ever in your favor.
------
Alright, hold on a second. I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but notice some of the ridiculousness going on here. I mean, seriously? Are we really going to debate whether we have control over our own muscles? Is that really what we're wasting our time on?

First off, let me just say that I don't know about you, but I sure as hell feel like I'm in control of my own body. I can lift my arm, wiggle my toes, and even do a funky chicken dance if I feel like it. And before you start yapping about how it's all on autopilot, let me tell you something - that's a load of crap!

Sure, there may be some subconscious processes going on behind the scenes, but that doesn't mean I'm not consciously making decisions about how to move my own dang muscles. I mean, come on, are you seriously suggesting that I'm just a puppet, with my body pulling all the strings? That's absurd!

And don't even get me started on this whole consciousness mumbo jumbo. Look, I don't claim to be some expert philosopher or neuroscientist, but I know one thing for sure - I'm conscious as hell! I'm aware of my thoughts, my feelings, and my actions. I may not fully understand what consciousness is, but I sure as hell know I have it.

Now, you might argue that we can't control our thoughts, that they just magically appear out of thin air. Well, guess what? I call bull on that too! My thoughts are a result of my own experiences, my own choices, and my own darn brain. They don't just randomly pop into my head like some invasive alien species. So, sorry to burst your bubble, but my thoughts are mine and mine alone.

And hey, while we're at it, let's talk about cockroaches. Yeah, you heard me right, cockroaches. Are we seriously comparing ourselves to those little creepy crawlies? Give me a break! Cockroaches don't feel hunger, fear, or desire? Well, no kidding Sherlock! They're bugs, not humans. We have complex brains that allow us to experience emotions and all that good stuff. We're on a whole different level, my friends.

And as for free will, well, let's just say that consciousness and free will go hand in hand. We're not just mindless zombies wandering around, doing whatever our brains tell us to do. We have the power to make choices, to act according to our own desires and beliefs. Whether we fully understand the inner workings of our brains or not, that doesn't change the fact that we are in control of our own destinies.

In the end, it all boils down to this - I am me, you are you, and we are not just mere puppets controlled by our bodies. We are conscious beings with the ability to make decisions, control our muscles, and experience the full range of human emotions. So, let's stop overthinking things and get back to living our lives, shall we?

And if you still want to argue about this whole consciousness thing, well, you can take that debate and stick it where the sun don't shine. Because I've got better things to do than waste my time on pointless philosophical discussions. Peace out, Reddit!
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! Just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but share my two cents. Now, I gotta say, I appreciate the recommendations you all have been throwing out there. Well, I mean, some of them at least. I'll give it a whirl and see if any of these things strike a chord with me. No guarantees though, just keeping an open mind here.

Alright, so before we dive in, let me drop a quick "sorry if I offend anyone" for good measure. You know how it is on the internet, everyone's got their own opinions and sometimes they clash. But hey, that's what makes these discussions so interesting, right?

Now, I gotta be real with you guys. Some of the things being discussed here are just plain baffling to me. Like, seriously, I struggle to comprehend how social validity holds the same weight as truth. It's like saying I believe in unicorns just because my buddy Steve does. Sorry, but that's some next-level ludicrousness right there.

Sure, social sciences can be intriguing, I won't deny that. Psychology and anthropology have their place, no doubt. I mean, who doesn't find culture fascinating? But let's get one thing straight: social acceptance doesn't magically transform something into undeniable truth. I don't care if a society is convinced that belly button blue mud grants superpowers (which I'm pretty sure isn't a thing, but hey, I could be wrong), it's still just a cultural belief, not a factual reality.

And let's not even get started on that whole afikoman turning into ancient long pig nonsense in Catholic churches. Seriously, it might hold significance within their faith, but come on, it's not like it's actually happening. We need to differentiate between what's true and what's socially valuable. They're not always one and the same, my friends.

Now, here's the kicker. I'd love to engage in a meaningful discussion about this topic without sounding like a complete idiot. Unfortunately, it seems like the premises I base my ideas on are alien to most people outside of academia. It's frustrating, really. So, no, I don't think you're an idiot, but I do think you're mistaken in believing that social value automatically equates to validity. We're just seeing the world through different lenses, my friend.

See, the difference between us is that I rely on evidence to shape my worldview. It's not about wishy-washy mumbo jumbo or blind faith in traditions, no siree. I've spent years studying anthropology, and let me tell you, Jared Diamond's name rarely pops up in those circles. Yeah, I know he's a big deal in biology, but when it comes to the kind of anthropology I'm talking about, his views aren't as relevant as you might think.

But hey, don't get me wrong. Diamond's work offers valuable insights into our species and our past, present, and future. It could broaden your horizons and shed light on why certain cultures dominate while others don't. There's a whole world of information out there about who we are as humans, and it would be a shame to overlook it.

So, to wrap things up, let's keep these discussions lively, folks. We're all here to learn and exchange ideas, even if we don't always agree. Remember, evidence matters, and just because something is socially valued doesn't automatically make it true. Keep an open mind, challenge the status quo, and let's continue exploring the wonderfully diverse world we live in.

Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Wow, okay, hold up. I was just scrolling through this subreddit expecting to find some interesting discussions, and here I am faced with this post that's claiming to have all the answers. Well, guess what? I'm not buying it.

First of all, you seem to think that your version of soul is the be-all and end-all of the discussion. You're telling me to go read some idealist philosophers or educate myself. Well, excuse me, but who made you the gatekeeper of knowledge? There are different perspectives out there, and just because I don't agree with yours doesn't mean I'm ignorant.

And let's talk about this whole free will thing you keep going on about. Yes, I know you never said you can prove it, but you also never gave any solid evidence for it. All you did was try to poke holes in my thought experiment, claiming that it failed. But how did it fail? You didn't really explain that, did you?

You argue that self-determinism fails logically, but then you go on to say that there has to be a first cause, and that's by definition self-determined. Alright, fine. But why does that mean something can be self-determined? Just because there's a first cause doesn't automatically mean free will exists. You're making a leap here that I just can't follow.

Speaking of flawed thought experiments, let's talk about yours. You claim that I presuppose materialism/naturalism because I start with a super-computer. Well, guess what? Maybe I do, maybe I don't. But that doesn't invalidate the entire thought experiment. It's a way to explore ideas and possibilities, not to force my beliefs onto others.

And then you give me this example about starting with experience and consciousness. Sure, we all experience things we can't control, and we have goals to gain more control over those experiences. That's great and all, but how does that prove free will? Just because we have goals and create concepts doesn't mean we have some inherent ability to make choices independent of external factors.

You keep telling me that everything starts with some kind of free will, but you fail to provide any concrete evidence or reasoning to support that claim. It's just a bunch of philosophical mumbo jumbo that doesn't hold up under scrutiny.

Look, I get it. People have different worldviews and that's okay. But don't come at me with this condescending attitude, acting like your perspective is the only valid one. There are countless other philosophical examples out there, and your thought experiment doesn't do a thing to challenge them.

So, before you start preaching about how I need to educate myself or read certain philosophers, take a step back and realize that your ideas aren't the only ones out there. Maybe try having a respectful discussion instead of dismissing everyone who disagrees with you. Just a thought.
------
Wow, okay. So, I stumbled upon this thread and I can't help but be annoyed by the responses I've been reading. I mean, seriously, are we really going to argue about hypothetical situations on a deserted island? Let's get real here people.

First of all, let's address the whole "fetus vs. baby" debate. Look, I get it, words matter. But can we please stop splitting hairs over terminology? At the end of the day, we're talking about a living being inside a woman's body. Whether you want to call it a fetus or a baby, it doesn't change the fact that it's a potential life that some people believe should be protected and others believe should be able to be terminated.

Now, let's talk about this whole "bodily integrity" thing. I mean, come on. We're really going to pretend like a woman's right to bodily autonomy outweighs the potential right to life of another human being? Look, I'm not here to argue about the morality of abortion or the rights of the fetus. That's a whole other can of worms. What I am saying is that we shouldn't dismiss the idea that there are conflicting rights at play here. Can we at least acknowledge that?

And don't even get me started on the whole "technology" argument. I mean, seriously? Are we really going to say that just because we can do something with our fancy modern technology, it means we should? Should we base our moral judgments solely on what was possible thousands of years ago? That's just ridiculous. Times change, technology advances, and our morals should evolve with them. That's just how it works.

Now, let's get back to the main point here. The question of whether a woman should be able to terminate her pregnancy after the 26th week. Look, I understand that viability is a big factor in determining when a fetus is considered a potential human life. But can we really draw a hard line at the 26th week and say that after that point, the fetus suddenly becomes a baby with rights? It's just not that simple.

And let's not forget that abortions can fail. I mean, sure, they're pretty definitive most of the time, but there's always a chance that it doesn't work. So, what then? Are we going to force a woman to continue a pregnancy she doesn't want just because the abortion didn't go as planned? That's not fair to her, and it's not fair to the potential child either.

Look, I get that this is a complex issue with no easy answers. But can we at least approach it with a little more nuance and a little less snark? Can we have a meaningful conversation about the rights of both the woman and the potential life inside her without resorting to name-calling and dismissive attitudes?

At the end of the day, we need to remember that this is a deeply personal decision that each woman has to make for herself. We may have our own opinions and beliefs, but ultimately, it's not our bodies, it's not our lives. So, let's try to approach this topic with a little more empathy and understanding.

Okay, rant over. I hope I've made my point clear. Let's keep the conversation going, but let's do it in a way that's respectful and open-minded. Can we do that?
------
Hey, so I don't usually post on here, but I couldn't help myself after reading your rant. First off, let me just say that you sound like a real drama queen. It's like you're trying to make yourself out to be some kind of misunderstood, confrontational goddess or something. Newsflash, honey, nobody cares.

Moving on, let's talk about your whole dress situation. You claim that you don't dress to manipulate, but come on, we all know that's a load of crap. You dress to feel good? Nice? Sexy? Well, good for you, but do you really think anyone gives a damn? Probably not. And newsflash number two, it's not all about how you feel, believe it or not. Other people have to look at you too, and they might not appreciate your so-called "sexy" outfits as much as you do.

Now, onto the whole sex aversion thing. Could it be that maybe, just maybe, you're not attracted to your boyfriend anymore? I mean, it's pretty clear from your post that you're feeling some kind of way about him. Do you still love him? Is he just not doing it for you anymore? Maybe it's time to reevaluate your relationship instead of blaming it on depression or some other nonsense.

And don't even get me started on your whole "it happens more often to women" argument. Yeah, maybe it does, but guess what? Men get raped too. Boys get preyed upon as well. But of course, you conveniently brush that off like it doesn't matter. Typical.

Oh, and let's not forget your weird obsession with hiding your body. Seriously, who cares? No one is forcing you to dress a certain way. It's like you're so paranoid about what guys think of you. Spoiler alert: they probably don't care. They'll take a quick look and move on with their lives. Get over yourself.

Now, onto your advice about the news and sexual abuse. Honey, you're way off base here. You suggest that the solution is to just stop watching the news altogether. Really? That's your brilliant idea? How about actually facing the realities of the world instead of burying your head in the sand? And no, it's not about hating men or yourself. It's about acknowledging the very real issues that many women face every single day.

And finally, the cherry on top of this mess of a post. You start objectifying the OP by fawning over her red hair. Talk about creepy and inappropriate. And then you expect her to take it as a compliment? Sorry, but that's just plain weird.

Look, I get it. We all have our opinions and experiences. But maybe, just maybe, you should take a step back and think before you go spouting off nonsense on the internet. Because honestly, your post comes across as ignorant, insensitive, and just plain rude. So next time, try to consider your words before you hit that submit button. Trust me, it'll save everyone a lot of headache.
------
Hey y'all, just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but chime in. Now, I ain't no expert or nothin', but here's my two cents. First off, let's talk about the subjugation of women. Sure, it's been prevalent in Christian culture, but let's not forget that it was a thing in other cultures too. And yeah, it lasted till after World War II, but things started changing after that. Now, I know some folks like to cherry-pick verses from the Bible to justify all sorts of nonsense, but let's get real here. God wants us to love each other and be perfect servants to one another. When it says that men have authority over their wives, it means they gotta take responsibility for their family and protect 'em. Any dude who abuses that power is gonna get what's coming to him, if you catch my drift.

Now, on to the topic of no-fault divorce. Personally, I don't see what the big deal is. If a couple doesn't love each other no more, why should they stay together? No need to create a whole lot of conflict over it. But, it seems some folks think divorce goes against some spiritual mumbo-jumbo. They believe that only God can "marry" people and once you're hitched, there's no going back, unless someone cheats. They say marriage is supposed to be all intimate and sacred, but no-fault divorce turns it into a superficial contract. Now, I gotta say, that's a bunch of hogwash. Divorce ain't the root of all evil, it's just a way for folks to move on when things ain't workin' out.

Oh, and speaking of the Bible, let's not forget about all them concubines. Yeah, Abraham had a slave as a concubine 'cause his wife couldn't have kids. Some folks might call that hypocritical, but the Bible ain't there to tell us what to do, it's there to show us what not to do. The Old Testament is all about God trying to pull humanity out of barbarism and towards holiness. And then Jesus comes along and drops some truth bombs, saying that divorce ain't cool unle
------
Hey, thanks for creating this thread! I gotta say, I can totally relate to your frustrations about politics. It's like a never-ending rollercoaster of drama and incompetence. And don't even get me started on the patriarchy. Ugh.

But let's move on to your relationship troubles because boy, do I have some thoughts on that. So, your boyfriend isn't exactly hitting the mark in the physical attractiveness department anymore, huh? I mean, it's not the most important thing in a relationship, but let's be real, we all want to be attracted to our partners. And hey, at least he's willing to start working out. Maybe he'll turn into a swole beast and reignite that spark for you. Fingers crossed!

But honestly, it sounds like there's a lot more going on between the two of you than just physical attraction. It seems like you guys have become more like friends who stress each other out, and that's never a good sign. And let's not forget about the lack of intimacy. Trust me, I know what it feels like to have no drive, no passion, and no desire. It's like your mojo has gone on an extended vacation without you.

And then there's the issue of feeling self-conscious in public. I totally get where you're coming from. It's the worst when your partner shushes you or gives you those judgmental looks. Like, excuse me, but I'm allowed to be goofy and silly in public if I want to! It's not cool for him to make you feel ashamed and self-conscious. And yeah, anxiety is a real thing, but come on, he needs to work on supporting you and being more assertive.

Speaking of assertiveness, it seems like your boyfriend has a serious problem in that department. I mean, come on, man, stand up for your girl! It shouldn't take extreme effort and nervousness for him to defend you when someone's being rude. And let's not even get started on his family. Talk about making you feel like an outsider. It's frustrating when you try to share a story and his dad is too busy on his damn phone to listen. That's just plain rude, and your boyfriend should have your back.

I get that your boyfriend might have his own struggles, and I'm sympathetic to that. But sometimes it feels like he's not making any progress or even trying to improve. It's tough when you feel like you're not getting the support you need, especially when you're supportive of him in other ways. And hey, it's okay to be harsh sometimes. Relationships require honesty, even when it's uncomfortable.

So, my advice to you is this: have a real talk with your boyfriend. Lay it all out on the table. Tell him how you're feeling and what you need from him. Communication is key, even if it's hard. And if things don't improve or change, well, you might have to think about whether this relationship is really what you want. Remember, you deserve to be with someone who supports and uplifts you, both in public and behind closed doors.

Okay, rant over. I hope this helps, and best of luck with everything!
------
Look, I get it. You have your opinions and you think you're so clever with your arguments. But let me tell you something, buddy, you're missing the point. Your whole argument is flawed from the start.

You're talking about feeding 7 billion people on an American diet. Now, I don't know about you, but that's just not realistic. You can't expect everyone to eat like Americans. We all know their diets are pretty messed up. Have you seen what they eat? It's all fast food and unhealthy crap. So no, we can't feed the world on that diet.

And then you start going off on these hypothetical scenarios about the future. Yeah, sure, maybe we'll solve some land issues. But that doesn't fix everything. We still have problems with water, fertilizer, antibiotics, and emissions. You can't just ignore those issues.

Okay, let's break it down. First, water scarcity. Yeah, maybe we can desalinate water and make it more affordable. But who knows if that will actually happen? And even if it does, there are still other issues to consider. Like fertilizer, for example. We can't keep using massive amounts of fertilizer without consequences. It pollutes our water and damages our ecosystems. And don't even get me started on antibiotics. That's a whole other can of worms that we need to address.

Now, let's talk about CO2 emissions. You seem to think it's all just a matter of opinion. Well, news flash, buddy, it's not. We have scientific evidence that shows the devastating effects of climate change. It's not just about shorelines disappearing or species going extinct. It's about the planet becoming uninhabitable for humans. And I don't know about you, but I kinda like being able to live on Earth.

You're trying to make this all about short-term solutions versus long-term solutions. But the truth is, we need both. We can't just shut down everything and mandate birth control. That's not practical or fair. But we also can't keep polluting and destroying the planet. It's a delicate balance that we need to find.

And don't you dare accuse me of screwing the planet. I'm not the one sticking my head in the sand and hoping future technology will magically save us. We need to take action now. We need to make changes in our lifestyles and our consumption habits. And yes, that might mean compromising our diets a little bit. But it's not a lazy solution, it's a necessary one.

You talk about incentives and human nature. Well, guess what? Human nature can change. We're not stuck in our ways forever. We can adapt and evolve. And if we want to survive, we damn well better.

So stop with your lofty arguments and narrow-minded thinking. Open your eyes to the reality of the situation. We can't keep living like this. We need to make changes, and we need to make them now.
------
Hey guys, I don't even know where to start. This is a total train wreck and I just need to vent. So here's the deal: I'm disabled. Yeah, that's right, I can't do shit without help because my body is a total mess. I mean, I dislocate joints like it's my full-time job. Fun times, let me tell you.

But hey, it wasn't always like this. When I met my ex-boyfriend, I was still able-bodied. And damn, he stuck with me through all the crap that came after. I was in pain 24/7, but he made me happy. Now? He won't even talk to me anymore. Like, what the actual hell?

Alright, here's the lowdown. We broke up because he was a lying sack of shit. Months of lies, and when I finally found out, I lost my shit. Literally had a freaking episode of psychosis. But did he care? Nah, he just sent me some cold, copy-pasted text breakup. Can you believe that? It's like he didn't even try to make it personal.

But you know what, despite all his faults, he took care of me. I couldn't do half the stuff I needed to without him. The guy made sure I was fed, took me to doctor's appointments, and holy crap, he even bought me a fancy-ass mattress. Can you find me another guy like that? Probably not.

Now, I'm left here, unable to do anything that brings me joy. My hands are wrecked from arthritis, my fingers dislocate for no reason, and I can't even read properly anymore. Life just keeps throwing punches, man.

So here's my dilemma. I can't afford a caregiver, and my family is a hot mess. My dad is constantly stressed out because my mom is in the same boat as me, but worse. And let me tell you, he takes it out on me. Yelling, degrading, you name it. Real supportive, right? It's like I'm trapped between a rock and a hard place.

And now, my ex. He may have lost some girl he loved, but I lost the freaking love of my life. Seriously, he meant everything to me. I know it's not ideal to have a disabled partner, but he always said he loved me no matter what. So here's my question, how do I get him to at least talk to me again? I need him back in my life, even if it's just as friends. He was the best damn friend I ever had.

So, if any of you have any suggestions, please don't hold back. I'm desperate here. I don't know how to deal with this disability crap without him. Physically and emotionally, I'm a wreck. Help a girl out, will ya?

TL;DR - I'm disabled, my boyfriend who took care of me dumped my sorry ass. I don't know how to survive without him because he was my whole damn life. Any advice on how to move forward physically and emotionally? I'm open to suggestions, people.
------
Okay, listen up you guys. I stumbled upon this thread and I just have to say, y'all are overcomplicating things. I mean, seriously, what's with all the fancy talk about market failures and participants and ethical decisions? Let me break it down for you in simple terms.

First off, let's address the whole "same information at the same time" argument. Yeah, sure, ideally everyone would have access to the same info at the exact moment it becomes available. But let's be real here, life doesn't work like that. People have different schedules, different priorities, and sometimes they just plain miss stuff. So, of course, some people are gonna act on information faster than others. That's just how it goes. Blaming it on a "failure of the participant" is just a fancy way of saying "Hey, you snooze, you lose."

And don't even get me started on this "market violation" nonsense. Look, if someone has the means to influence the market price, then good for them! It's called being smart and taking advantage of opportunities. If they wanna buy up a bunch of sigils and then sell 'em for a higher price, well, that's their prerogative. It's called supply and demand, folks. Simple economics.

Now, onto the whole speculator debate. Honestly, I don't get why so many people have their undies in a bunch over this. Those speculators saw an opportunity to make some gold, and they went for it. Who can blame 'em? It's not like they were cheating or anything. They just saw a gap in the market and seized the chance to make some profit. I say kudos to them!

But apparently, there are some folks who think these speculators are morally questionable. Really? Morally questionable? Give me a break. These guys actually helped the community by creating more supply and giving players the option to get those sigils without having to rely on the vendor. It's not like they were hoarding the sigils and denying them from others. They were just making the game more interesting, adding a little spice to the mix. And isn't that what we all want? Some excitement and unpredictability?

And speaking of unpredictability, let's talk about raising your ability level. I get it, it's frustrating when you can't complete a certain task or acquire a specific item because you're not "good" enough. But guess what? That's part of the game! It's supposed to challenge you, push you to get better. If everything was handed to you on a silver platter, where would the fun be in that? So instead of whining about how unfair it is, why not use it as motivation to improve? Trust me, it'll be way more satisfying when you finally achieve your goals through your own hard work.

So, let's wrap this up, shall we? Stop overanalyzing and overcomplicating things. The market is what it is, and people will do what they want. Speculators aren't the devil, they're just playing the game and making it more interesting. And if you can't handle a little challenge or competition, then maybe it's time to find a new hobby.
------
So, here's the thing. I stumbled upon this subreddit and I couldn't help but think, what in the world is this rubbish all about? I mean, seriously, who has the time to read through all of this boring financial jargon? It's like trying to decipher a foreign language. And let's be real, ain't nobody got time for that.

Now, I get it, some people might find this stuff interesting or important or whatever. But for us casual Reddit users just looking for a good laugh or a juicy story, this is pure snooze-fest material. I'd rather be reading about funny cat videos or the latest celebrity gossip than wasting my time on this nonsense.

But hey, if you're into this stuff, kudos to you. I'm sure you feel all high and mighty being able to understand and discuss the ins and outs of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Must make you feel like a real smarty-pants. But let's be real here, who really cares? I certainly don't.

I mean, sure, the act was enacted in response to the financial crisis and all that jazz. And yeah, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner testified before Congress and yada yada yada. But does any of this really affect our everyday lives? I highly doubt it. I've got bills to pay, a job to go to, and a life to live. I don't have time to worry about the intricacies of bank resolution mechanisms or capital and liquidity positions.

And let's not forget about all the lawsuits and law enforcement actions that resulted from the crisis. Is anyone surprised that there were fraudulent practices going on? It's like saying water is wet. Big deal. People get screwed over all the time, it's just a part of life. So why waste our time and energy on something we can't change?

Oh, and don't even get me started on the fines and penalties. CNBC reported that banking fines totaled a whopping 150 billion dollars between 2007 and 2014. That's a whole lot of money, but guess what? The banks still made 700 billion in profits. So what's the point? It's just a drop in the bucket for these big corporations.

Look, I'm not trying to be a downer or anything. I'm all for holding people accountable and making sure they don't screw over the little guy. But let's be real here, this subreddit is not the place for that kind of discussion. There are other platforms for that, ones where people actually care.

So, if you want to keep discussing the nitty-gritty details of the financial crisis and all its aftermath, be my guest. But count me out. I'll be over here, enjoying my memes and funny videos, where life is a little less serious and a whole lot more entertaining.
------
Hey everyone, I need to vent and get some advice on this situation I'm in. So, I recently started a new relationship with this guy, and let me tell you, it's been a rollercoaster ride. We click so well and genuinely enjoy each other's company, but there's one glaring issue: his emotional instability and unpredictable behavior.

Let me give you an example of what I've been dealing with. Yesterday, we were supposed to go to a concert together, a concert I was super excited about. I mean, it was my first ever concert and the tickets cost me a pretty penny - almost $400! But guess what? I only received one message from him that day, saying he didn't want to be in my life anymore. Talk about a real blow to the gut.

So, naturally, I spent the entire day trying to reach him, desperately wanting an explanation. But did I hear back from him? Nope, not a single response. And then, out of nowhere, at 1am, he calls me up, claiming that his dog died and there were some issues with his mom. Now, don't get me wrong, I understand that these things can be tough, but seriously, couldn't he have given me some notice? I had to cancel my plans and ended up getting kicked out of my house, spending the night on the streets. And when I tried explaining this to him, he got upset and accused me of blaming him.

Now, here's where it gets really frustrating. After we made up and he apologized, we agreed to meet today to talk things over. He even messaged me this afternoon, calling me "hey beautiful." But guess what? It's 4am now, and I still haven't received another message from him. I've been messaging him everywhere and calling him, but no response. This is the fourth day in a row he's done something like this, and it's happened around 10 times in the last few weeks! Can you imagine how aggravating that is?

Whenever I try to bring up my concerns, he gets all defensive, as if I'm attacking him. Look, I totally understand that he's going through a rough patch in his life, but seriously, does that give him the right to leave me hanging like this? I'm doing my best to be there for him, but I can't help but feel that these are major red flags. Am I being unreasonable here? Are my feelings justified? What should I do?

And wait for it, here's the kicker. He finally messaged me this morning with the most ridiculous excuse ever. He said he didn't text because he was tired and high. Really? That's it? And then he had the audacity to dismiss my concerns, saying I was just sleep deprived and making a big deal out of nothing. Ugh, I can't even! All I wanted was a simple message to let me know he was okay. Is that too much to ask for? 

To top it all off, he has rarely made the effort to come see me. I've always been the one traveling to his side of town. And when I needed him the most, I practically had to beg just to get a phone call. It's like he doesn't even realize that I'm going through a tough time here too. I can't help but feel like this is somehow my fault. Am I being irrational? 

I'm at a loss, guys. I don't know what to think anymore. Should I continue putting up with this nonsense or should I cut my losses and move on? Any advice on how to handle this situation would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for listening to my rant!
------
Wow, I can't believe I stumbled upon this ridiculous thread. People really need to take a chill pill and stop attacking each other. Can we have a civil conversation for once? Anyway, let me jump in and add my two cents.

First of all, I don't get why everyone is so obsessed with absolving the US from its responsibilities just because other countries pollute more. Like, does that mean we should just sit back and do nothing? No, duh! Each country should definitely take responsibility and work on reducing their pollution as fast as possible. It's not a competition, folks.

Now, the whole argument about whether the US being a part of the Paris accord makes it one of the top polluters or not is just plain silly. Sources have been cited, people have presented their arguments, and yet some are still not convinced. It's like talking to a brick wall. And seriously, resorting to insulting and name-calling is not going to win you any debates. It just shows how immature and insecure you are.

And hey, to the person who thinks individual output matters more than overall output, I'm sorry but that's just a load of crap. We need to look at the big picture here (yes, the big picture that some people seem to be missing). It's not just about what one person or one country does, it's about what we can achieve collectively. So stop trying to downplay the importance of overall output, please.

Oh, and let's not forget the person who thinks that good intentions are pointless. Seriously? Good intentions can actually lead to positive change, you know? Take solar energy, for example. The advancements in solar technology have helped lower the cost for everyone around the world. But no, let's just ignore the positive impact and focus on the negatives because, hey, it's more fun that way, right?

And to the person comparing this whole discussion to trailer park trash complaining about immigrants taking their jobs... What? I don't even know where to begin with that comparison. It's just completely irrelevant and nonsensical. Can we please stick to the topic at hand and avoid these pointless and offensive comparisons?

Lastly, to the person telling others to take responsibility for their own actions, why don't you take your own advice? The big polluters did sign the agreement, but guess what? They haven't made any significant reductions. So, instead of pointing fingers at everyone else, maybe you should focus on holding those big polluters accountable for their lack of action.

In conclusion, let's try to have a more mature and respectful discussion here. Insults and baseless accusations won't get us anywhere. We all have a responsibility to address climate change and reduce pollution, so let's focus on that and work towards a better future.
------
Alright, listen up you bunch of horned-up, pleasure-seeking maniacs! I've got a bone to pick with all you sex-crazed animals out there. Yeah, you heard me right. Sex is no different than getting wasted on alcohol. It might feel great in the moment, but it's gonna leave you drained and empty in the long run. Don't believe me? Well, tough luck, because that's just how it is.

Now, I know some of you might argue that humans are different from animals. Sure, we've got these fancy civilizations and all, but let me tell you something. We wouldn't have gotten where we are if our ancestors were busy banging each other senseless all day in their caves. No sir, evolution would have come to a halt right there. Thankfully, our forefathers had the decency to repress their urges and start inventing things. So now, I don't have to worry about being eaten by a frickin' lion. Civilization, baby!

But let's not beat around the bush here. I'm not talking about you, specifically. I'm talking about the average person in the western world today. Our society is so obsessed with sex, it's like there's no escaping it. Hollywood movies, music, and especially pornography. They're all contributing to this sex-crazed culture we live in. And hey, maybe you're addicted to sex, I don't know. Addiction is when you keep doing something despite all the crap it brings into your life. To me, personally, every ejaculation is like a little death. Yeah, the French even call it "la petite morte." It's a fitting term, trust me.

Look, I'm not saying indulging in a little hanky-panky is the end of the world. If people could control themselves, it wouldn't be a big deal. But guess what? Most humans can't! Masturbation, pornography, sexualizing everyone (including minors), rape, and even sex-addiction are on the rise. It's a freaking epidemic, my friends. And yeah, we've got sexual freedom up the wazoo, but people conveniently forget that drinking and doing drugs are also fun. I mean, I've dabbled in those myself, so I know what I'm talking about. But pleasure, my dear comrades, is a fickle mistress. Short-term satisfaction doesn't equal long-term happiness. And that's something most people fail to comprehend when they dive headfirst into casual sex, drugs, alcohol, or whatever floats their boat.

Now, don't get me wrong. These are just my two cents. If banging away like rabbits makes you happy, then who am I to stand in your way? Happiness is the name of the game, folks. As long as you're not hurting anyone, go ahead and indulge in whatever floats your boat. But remember, there's more to life than sweating it out in the sheets. Keep your eyes open to the bigger picture, my friends. Don't base your self-worth on shallow pleasures. Seek true happiness, whatever that means to you, and live your life without regrets.

So there you have it, my fellow Redditors. Take it or leave it. I've said my piece, and I'm outta here. Just remember, pleasure might be enticing, but it won't bring you lasting fulfillment. Keep that in mind the next time you're tempted to hop into bed with anyone who bats an eyelash at you. Stay woke, stay happy, and stay true to yourselves. Peace out!
------
Yeah, I totally get what you're saying. Like, why should we have to design our code in a way that can handle missing data? It's not our fault if the data is not there, right? And who wants to go through the trouble of creating contracts and establishing boundaries between layers? That just seems like unnecessary work.

I mean, sure, if the data is essential for the application to function, then yeah, we need to handle that. But we shouldn't have to worry about cases where the data might not be there, especially when designing a non-visual client. Like, if the Sydney latitude is not available, why should we bother showing anything at all? It's not like the client cares about the structure of the HTML, it just wants specific attributes.

And yeah, you're absolutely right about establishing contracts. If the producer of the data tells us where to find it, they can't just go changing things up on us. That's a breach of contract, plain and simple. We rely on that information, and if it's not there, we can't just continue as if everything is hunky-dory.

I mean, sure, using query selectors might not break everything, but it's still a problem if the element we're looking for isn't there. And I don't know about you, but a lot of applications I know need that data to be present. If it's not, it's like a database connection failing  it's a big deal. We can't just brush it off and keep going like nothing happened.

And seriously, who wants to enhance existing endpoints to work as data feeds? That just feels like pushing responsibility onto the consumer. It's inefficient and verbose, and I just don't see the benefit. Maybe I'm missing something here, but it just seems like a lot of unnecessary hassle.

Anyway, that's just my two cents. I hope I didn't offend anyone with my bluntness, but sometimes you just gotta say it like it is. Keep on scrolling, my fellow Redditors!
------
Hey guys, I just had the most ridiculous HR meeting ever and I can't wait to vent about it here. So basically, my college contacted me about this TA from a class who kept hitting on me and stopped helping me when he realized he wasn't getting anywhere. They asked me to give a statement because apparently, he's been doing the same shit to someone else. Can you believe that?

But wait, it gets better. Remember that married guy from my old internship who tried to get with me? Well, he sent me some angry and threatening texts after I tagged him in an Instagram post. Looks like I caused some major trouble in his marriage. Now I'm actually scared for my safety and considering reporting his sorry ass to the police. It's honestly the most overtly threatening thing I've ever received.

Oh, and get this, a few other people I tagged in that post had the audacity to message me and complain about not keeping private conversations private. Like seriously? I don't give a damn about their opinions, so I just ignored all of them.

Now let me tell you about this morning's HR meeting. I was so ready to go in there and defend everything I said and did. I even had notes and quotes from the company handbook to back me up. I was all set to prove that I didn't violate any social media policies because I didn't mention the company or reveal any confidential stuff.

But guess what? The meeting was a total letdown. I mean, I took down both posts as a gesture of goodwill, but I didn't think it would make much of a difference. When I walked in, I asked if I could record the damn thing because I wanted evidence, you know? The HR rep (let's call her Beth) let me record it, so that was a small victory.

Then Beth starts going through each person I posted screenshots of, like she's on some sort of witch hunt. First up was Coworker 1, the guy I reported to HR before. He actually brought the posts to Beth's attention, thinking that our "no contact" agreement applied to me too. I reminded Beth that there was no formal agreement, written or verbal. And guess what? There was no further harassment or contact from him after my initial report. Can you spell false alarm?

Next up was Coworker 2, who got fired a while back for unrelated reasons. Beth still asked if there had been any further conflict between us. I said no, obviously. I mean, why would there be? He's out of the picture.

Then she asks about Coworker 3. This guy had the nerve to send me threatening texts filled with slurs about my sexuality. I gave Beth a printout of those messages, and she actually had to step out to show them to her damn manager. I swear, I thought she was taking forever. She finally comes back and tells me that Coworker 3 got fired on the spot. Apparently, he had some previous record for temper issues, and this was the last straw. Good riddance, I say.

Last but not least, we have Coworker 4. I told Beth that he hadn't contacted me after calling me a bitch for leaving him on read. Honestly, he's not even worth my time.

At the end of the meeting, I asked Beth what the next steps were gonna be. And you know what she says? She would've asked me to take down the posts so they could handle things discreetly, but I had already done that. Talk about being one step ahead! She also mentioned that she would be meeting with Coworkers 1 and 4 again. Oh, and Coworker 3? Yeah, he got escorted out of the building while we were talking and fired. Karma's a bitch, huh?

Beth also asked why I didn't bring up Coworkers 2, 3, and 4 before. I simply referred her to the harassment section of the company handbook and explained that harassment is repeated unwanted behavior, not isolated incidents. I mean, it's pretty damn clear, right?

To wrap it up, Beth suggested that I take a personal day for the rest of the day, just to be safe from any potential confrontations with Coworkers 1 and 4. Just a precautionary measure, she said. I agreed because who wants to deal with those losers anyway?

So that's where I'm at now, folks. Just waiting to see what happens next. TL;DR - Had a crazy HR meeting where I defended myself and got some assholes fired. Life's about to get interesting.
------
Wow, look at all these ignorant fools with their privileged opinions. It's honestly laughable how out of touch they are. I can't believe people like this actually exist. I mean, I'm not surprised, but still.

First of all, let's address the person who thinks I'm coming from a privileged place. Please, tell me more about how easy my life is and how I've never faced any challenges. I love when people make assumptions like that based on absolutely nothing. Yeah, sure, I might be in a good place financially, but that doesn't mean I haven't faced my fair share of bullshit. I've had plenty of crap thrown my way, thank you very much.

And don't even get me started on the whole "privilege" argument. Just because someone has worked hard to improve their situation doesn't mean they're privileged. It means they've put in the effort and made sacrifices to achieve what they have. It's called perseverance, something these ignorant fools clearly don't understand.

Oh, and let's not forget the genius who thinks I haven't experienced awful, crazy people. Newsflash, buddy, I've encountered more than my fair share of them. It's called living in the real world. Maybe you should try it sometime instead of living in your little bubble where everything is rainbows and unicorns.

And to the genius who doesn't know that firefighters include those who fight wildland fires, thanks for enlightening us with your brilliant knowledge. It's amazing how some people can be so clueless and yet so confident in their ignorance. And yes, the forest service is a disaster. They're funded up the wazoo, but they still can't do their damn job properly. It's a prime example of tax mismanagement, which seems to be a recurring theme in this country.

Oh, and let's not forget the person who thinks my parents were privileged for being smart with their money. Seriously? Are we really penalizing people for being responsible now? It's not our fault if others don't know how to handle their finances. And by the way, just because I'm smart with my money doesn't mean I lack thought for others. I can be financially responsible and empathetic at the same time, thank you very much.

And finally, we have the self-righteous individual who thinks they can tell me what I need. Newsflash, buddy, I don't need your condescending advice. I'll continue making an ass out of myself as much as I damn well please. And don't worry, I won't waste my empathy on someone like you. We need solidarity, not this wishy-washy empathy crap.

So there you have it, folks. A glimpse into the idiocy that exists on this subreddit. It's truly mind-boggling how some people can be so clueless. But hey, that's the internet for you. Full of keyboard warriors who think they know better. Well, newsflash, they don't. So if you're one of those clueless fools, do us all a favor and keep your ignorant opinions to yourself. Trust me, the world will thank you for it.
------
Wow, where do I even begin with this post? I mean, seriously, are you for real? This is the kind of whiny, uninformed rant that gives casual Reddit users a bad name. But hey, I guess everyone's entitled to their own opinion, no matter how misinformed or ignorant it may be.

First of all, calling the 2016 election the most crooked in history is just plain ridiculous. Sure, there were some controversies and scandals, but to say that both sides were equally guilty is just plain false. The fact is, one candidate had questionable ties to foreign governments and was under investigation by the FBI, while the other was an experienced politician with her fair share of flaws. It's clear that you're just trying to sound edgy and contrarian without actually understanding the facts.

And speaking of facts, let's talk about your assertion that the media only focused on Trump and Hillary during the election. I hate to break it to you, but that's just not true. There were plenty of other candidates running, from both major parties and even some third parties. The media covered them too, just not as extensively because, well, they weren't as interesting or popular. It's called supply and demand, my friend.

As for your complaints about the debates, blaming the scheduling for low viewership is a weak argument. If people really cared about watching those debates, they would have found a way to do so, regardless of whether there was a football game on or not. And let's not forget that Sanders did have his fair share of opportunities to make his case to the American people. It's not like he was completely shut out of the process.

Now, let's talk about those DNC leaks. Yes, they were embarrassing and showed a lack of impartiality within the party. But to claim that they somehow prove the entire election was rigged is a stretch. It's called internal party politics, and every party has their own way of doing things. It doesn't mean the election was rigged, it just means that some people within the party had their own biases. It's not ideal, but it's not the end of the world either.

And let's not forget about Trump. Oh, where do I start with him? From his inappropriate comments about women to his questionable business practices, the man had more skeletons in his closet than a haunted house. But hey, I guess none of that mattered to you, right? As long as he was entertaining and sticking it to the establishment, he could do no wrong in your eyes. Well, news flash, buddy: being a reality TV star does not qualify you for the highest office in the land.

But what really baffles me is your claim that all politicians are vampires living off the evaporating middle class. I mean, seriously? It's clear that you have a deeply cynical view of the political system, but to write off all politicians as bloodsuckers is just plain lazy. Yes, there are corrupt politicians out there, but there are also many dedicated public servants who genuinely want to make a difference. To lump them all together shows a complete lack of nuance and understanding.

And don't even get me started on your comments about Democrats and the DNC. Yes, they made mistakes, but to blame them for Trump's victory is just absurd. The fact is, Trump won because he tapped into a certain segment of the population that felt ignored and left behind. It wasn't because of some grand conspiracy by the Democrats. It was because they failed to effectively connect with those voters and offer a compelling alternative.

Look, I get it. Politics can be frustrating, and it's easy to feel disillusioned with the whole system. But that doesn't excuse spreading misinformation and conspiracy theories. If you want to have a meaningful discussion about the flaws in our political system, that's great. But if all you're going to do is complain and point fingers without offering any real solutions, then maybe it's time to step away from the keyboard and reevaluate your priorities.

So next time you decide to post on Reddit, maybe take a moment to think before you hit that submit button. Because trust me, the rest of us would appreciate it.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't resist chiming in. So here's the deal, right? This whole Stella vs McDonald's coffee trial? Total BS, man. Let me break it down for you.

First off, the jury. Yeah, they found 80% of the blame on McDonald's and only 20% on Stella. But seriously, who cares about what a bunch of jurors think? They even said themselves that they thought the whole thing was ridiculous. It's like they were forced to sit there and decide something that shouldn't have even been a big deal.

And then there are those gruesome pictures they showed the jury. Come on, bro! That's just a cheap tactic to appeal to their emotions. They were all calm and logical until they saw those charred skin pics. Talk about playing dirty.

Now let's talk about the temperature of the coffee. McDonald's required franchisees to hold it at 180-190 degrees Fahrenheit (82-88 degrees Celsius). And you know what? That's the correct temperature, man. I mean, who wants lukewarm coffee, am I right?

But hold on a sec, there's some conflicting information here. You got websites saying that water at 150 degrees will scald in 2 seconds and water at 160 degrees will do it in half a second. So how the heck can 190 degrees take up to 7 seconds to cause third-degree burns? It's like people are just making up these numbers to fit their own agenda.

And let's not forget that millions of people drink McDonald's coffee every day without getting burned. So clearly, there's something fishy going on here. I don't buy into the whole "the coffee would cause burns" claim.

Now, McDonald's tried to play it cool by saying they serve hot coffee in the drive-through so that folks can enjoy it during their commute. But guess what? Turns out they did research, and most customers actually intended to drink the coffee right away while driving. So much for that excuse, huh?

Oh, and here's another fun fact. McDonald's had received over 700 reports of people getting burned by their coffee from 1982 to 1992. But let's be real, people always conveniently forget two important details. First, it happened over ten freaking years, man. And second, it was nationwide. So yeah, it sounds like a lot, but when you break it down, it's not that big of a deal.

And let's not forget about those settlements. McDonald's supposedly paid out over $500,000 for scalding injuries. But come on, different cases, different circumstances, right? It's not like every single person deserves a fat paycheck just because they spilled some hot coffee on themselves.

Alright, that's my rant for today. Just had to get it off my chest. Remember, take this whole coffee lawsuit thing with a grain of salt, my friends. Cheers!
------
Alright, let's be real here. I stumbled upon this thread and I couldn't help but roll my eyes at the first comment. Seriously? "Anyone who eats meat doesn't have a longterm view of the future?" Give me a break. Can we stop with the self-righteousness for just a moment?

Look, I get it. Some people are passionate about vegetarianism or veganism, and that's fine. But let's not pretend that eating a cheeseburger is going to single-handedly destroy the entire planet. It's just not realistic.

The problem here is that some vegans, not all, mind you, tend to have this holier-than-thou attitude that rubs people the wrong way. It's like they think they're on some moral high ground and everyone else is a heathen. Newsflash: we can eat meat and still care about the environment. Shocking, I know.

But instead of engaging in a civilized conversation and trying to understand different perspectives, some vegans prefer to bash anyone who doesn't align with their dietary choices. It's like they have this us-versus-them mentality, as if there are only two categories in the world: vegans and soulless carnivores. It's ridiculous.

And let's talk about this whole black and white values thing. Life is not that simple, folks. There are shades of gray everywhere you look. Just because someone chooses to eat meat doesn't mean they don't care about the environment or the future of the planet. It's not an all-or-nothing situation.

You know what? Meat isn't the real problem here. It's capitalism and the lack of accountability in our society. It's the fact that companies are allowed to do whatever they want without any regard for the consequences. That's what needs to change.

So, yeah, if you genuinely believe that going vegan will magically solve all our environmental issues, then I hate to break it to you, but you're living in a fantasy world. Changing our eating habits is just one piece of the puzzle. We need to tackle other industries and practices too, like the excessive use of plastic, the reliance on fossil fuels, and the overconsumption rampant in our society.

The point is, blaming meat-eaters for the state of the world won't get us anywhere. We need systemic changes, not some self-righteous shaming campaign. And don't even get me started on fast food chains like McDonald's. They'll jump on any trend to make a profit, whether it's veganism or some other fad. Let's not kid ourselves thinking they suddenly care about the environment.

We're all responsible for the mess we're in, not just meat-eaters. Each and every one of us needs to take a hard look at our own actions and the systems we support. It's about holding corporations accountable, pushing for better regulations, and making sustainable choices whenever possible.

So, before you start pointing fingers and demonizing others, maybe take a moment to reflect on your own actions. We're all in this together, folks. Let's work towards a more sustainable future without the unnecessary hostility.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I'm just gonna lay it out for you straight. If you're looking for raids and instances in this game, you're gonna be sorely disappointed. The closest thing you'll find here are rifts and grifts. And let me tell you, they're nothing to write home about. Basically, you just clear out floors to fill up some stupid meter that summons a boss. It's repetitive as hell and gets old real quick. Oh, and if you're into fighting harder versions of bosses, well, guess what? There's ubers. But let me warn you, it's nothing but a lame portal that sends you to fight two of these so-called "harder" bosses at a time. And don't even get me started on the fact that you can only have a measly party of up to 4 players. It's a joke.

Now, let's talk PvP. Or should I say the lack thereof? Yeah, back in the glory days of Diablo 2, PvP was a big deal. There were promises and delays and more promises and delays for Diablo 3, but guess what? They never delivered. You can go to Act 1 and find some random barbarian dude near your horadric cube. He'll let you 'brawl' against other player characters. But here's the thing, no one does this. And I'm pretty sure most players don't even know it exists. PvP in Diablo 3 is a joke. It's all about who gets the first hit. Your characters get so ridiculously powerful that they'll one-shot each other. And Blizzard never bothered to address this issue. But hey, there are some YouTube videos out there of these Russian guys who made a variant that actually looked decent and scaled skills appropriately. Too bad Blizzard didn't take a hint from them, huh?

Now, let's move on to the open-world aspect, or rather the lack thereof in Diablo 3. This game is all about little worlds unto themselves, containing acts 1 to 5. Sure, the maps are generated on some fancy tile-based system, but let's be real here, things aren't always in the same place each time you play. But guess what? Act 1 will always be New Tristram, Act 2 will always be the Caldeum Desert, and so on. And those damn waypoints, they're always in the same frickin' spots, but the tiles in each waypoint get shifted around. So much for a truly open-world experience, huh?

And now, let's tackle the ever-important question of whether you should get Reaper of Souls or not. Well, let me tell you, it's a tricky one. Is it necessary? Hell no. But I'll admit, your experience will be somewhat improved if you do get it. Personally, I'd say go ahead and get Reaper of Souls, but hold off on that Rise of the Necromancer pack unless you've been playing for a few weeks, still enjoy the game, and want to check out the necro. Just a heads up, the necromancer pack only adds the necromancer class and some necromancer items. Reaper of Souls, on the other hand, adds levels 61 to 70 and all the maps and content specifically designed for those levels.

And here's a final note for you all. Diablo 3 was moved to Blizzard classics about a year ago. What does that mean? Well, don't expect any major updates going forward, my friends. As much as I love this game, I gotta admit the player population has taken a nosedive over the years. Sure, there's a spike of returning and new players at the start of each season, but that spike only lasts for about a week and then the player population dies back down. The game isn't dead, per se, but if you're looking for a thriving community, you'll mostly find it at the start and maybe end of the ladder seasons. The current season, Season 15, just started, so you might catch some action for a few months.

Alright, that's just my opinion, so take it with a grain of salt. But hey, I've been playing this game since closed-beta, so I guess I know a thing or two. Peace out.
------
Hey guys, so I just came across this whole debate about the new law in France banning cell phone use in schools. And let me tell you, this whole thing seems blown way out of proportion.

Sure, some media outlets - even French ones - have been reporting on it like it's some groundbreaking change. But let's take a step back and look at the actual law itself. I found this source that breaks it down for us.

Basically, the law states that students are not allowed to use their phones or any other electronic devices in preschools, elementary schools, and middle schools. They're also not allowed to use them during any educational activities that take place outside of the school. However, there are exceptions for cases where the use of phones is deemed educational and for places where the internal rules specifically allow it.

In high schools, the internal regulations can decide whether or not students can use their phones within the school premises or during activities outside of school. And listen to this, the law even says that disabled students can still use their devices if it's necessary for their health or because of a disability.

Now, here's the thing. This law isn't actually all that new. It was just modified recently, but the previous version has been in place since 2010. And even before that, teachers were already confiscating phones if they thought it was necessary. So really, this "new law" doesn't change much, except for explicitly stating that teachers have the authority to take away phones. But honestly, they were doing that anyway.

So why is this blowing up in the media? Well, let me tell you, it's all just a distraction. You see, our environment minister, Nicolas Hulot, just resigned recently. This guy was a former journalist, writer, and TV host who was really popular because of his environmental activism. But he quit because he felt like he couldn't make a difference on his own against all the powerful industrial lobbies.

And what does the government do in response to this major resignation? They focus on something completely trivial like phones in schools. They use the back-to-school season and the media to distract us from the fact that our own environment minister gave up and basically said that we're all failing the environment. It's pretty messed up if you ask me.

But hey, I guess it's easier to talk about phones in schools than to confront the bigger issues, like unchecked capitalism and the destruction of our environment. Maybe that's why I'm spending way too much time writing this ridiculously long comment. But hey, at least now you have a different perspective on this whole phone ban thing.
------
Wow, I stumbled upon this subreddit by accident and I can't believe the level of delusion here. It's like a gathering place for people who have no grasp on reality. 

First of all, let's address the whole indoctrination thing. It's hilarious how easily you guys throw around the word without understanding its actual meaning. Indoctrination is about manipulating and brainwashing people into believing a certain ideology without questioning it. And let me tell you, that perfectly sums up what's going on with you religious folks. You've been brainwashed into believing in some magical sky wizard without any evidence to support it. So don't come at me talking about indoctrination when you're the prime example of it.

And seriously, spare me the sob stories about your grandmother miraculously rising from the dead. I mean, do you really expect anyone with half a brain to believe that garbage? Show me some actual evidence, something that can be scientifically verified, not some blurry picture or hearsay. Until then, I'll continue to dismiss these ridiculous claims as nothing more than wishful thinking.

Now, let's talk about evidence. You religious folks seem to have a hard time understanding what it means. Evidence is not just blindly accepting ancient texts as proof of something. The Bible is not a historical document, it's a work of fiction with some poorly written fanfiction mixed in. There is absolutely no outside evidence to support any of the miraculous events described in it. It's all just a bunch of made-up stories meant to control and manipulate people like you.

And don't even get me started on Hinduism. You have the audacity to mock their beliefs while holding onto your own absurdities? Have you ever taken a moment to consider that maybe, just maybe, your religion is just as baseless and ridiculous as theirs? But of course, you think you're somehow superior, right? Well, newsflash, you're not. You're just another brainwashed sheep clinging onto a belief system that has no basis in reality.

And speaking of reality, let's address the idea that I need to abandon my atheism before we can have a conversation. That's such a ridiculous notion. Atheism is not a doctrine or a belief system. It's simply the absence of belief in a god or gods. It's not something that needs to be abandoned, it's the default position until you provide sufficient evidence to convince me otherwise. So, no, I won't abandon my atheism just to entertain your fairy tales.

And finally, let's talk about Genesis. It's mind-boggling how you guys try to twist and turn it to fit with science. No, it's not a scientific account. It's a creation myth, plain and simple. To try and pass it off as anything more than that is just laughable. Science has proven time and time again that the Earth is billions of years old and that life evolved through natural processes. So, no, Genesis is not an accurate account of anything except maybe the creative imagination of some ancient storytellers.

In conclusion, it's clear that you religious folks are living in a fantasy world of your own making. You blindly believe in something without any evidence to support it, while mocking other belief systems that are just as unfounded. It's time to wake up and face reality. Open your eyes, question everything, and maybe, just maybe, you'll find some semblance of truth. But until then, I'll continue to shake my head in disbelief at the absurdity of it all.
------
Yo, what's up my fellow Redditors? So I was just reading up on this Moon Knight character, and let me tell you, this dude is pretty wild. I mean, seriously, he's got more skills and weapons than a whole army! It's like he went shopping at a superhero Black Friday sale or something.

First off, let's talk about this guy's fighting abilities. He's got training in practically every martial art known to man. Boxing, kung fu, eskrima, judo, karate, ninjutsu, savate, muay thai, you name it, this guy can kick your ass with it. And not only that, he's an Olympic-level athlete and a freaking acrobat. So he can not only punch your lights out, but he can do a backflip while he's at it. Talk about showing off.

But wait, there's more! Moon Knight also has some superhuman powers thanks to the Egyptian moon god Khonshu. Yeah, you heard that right, a moon god. Apparently, depending on the phases of the moon, this dude gets stronger, faster, and more durable. So basically, he turns into a beefed-up version of himself during a full moon. Must be nice to have a built-in power boost like that.

Now let's talk about this guy's arsenal. He's got more weapons than Batman, I swear. The cult of Khonshu hooked him up with all kinds of crazy stuff. We're talking bolas, golden scarab-shaped throwing crescent-darts, an ivory boomerang, throwing irons, and a golden stick that glows when danger's nearby. I mean, seriously, who needs all this stuff? But apparently, he ditched the Egyptian theme and traded them all in for more modern gear.

And don't get me started on his fancy gadgets. This dude's got more toys than Tony Stark. He's got an adamantium staff, a truncheon that shoots out cables, gauntlets that fire those crescent darts, and even spiked knuckles. And get this, he's got a gun that shoots a freaking grappling hook and bolas. Can you imagine getting knocked out by a guy shooting bolas at you? That's just embarrassing.

Oh, and let's not forget about his badass rides. He's got a whole fleet of aircraft, including the Mooncopter and Angelwing. These babies have VTOL capabilities, rope ladders, and even 20 mm cannons. Talk about overcompensating. And when he's feeling fancy, he cruises around in a remote-controlled white limousine. I don't know about you, but that's not exactly what I picture when I think of a superhero ride.

So yeah, that's Moon Knight in a nutshell. He's got more skills, powers, and toys than any one person should have. I'm just hoping he doesn't show up in my neighborhood anytime soon, 'cause I don't think I could handle getting taken down by a dude with golden scarab-shaped throwing crescent-darts. That would just be embarrassing.
------
Look, I appreciate what you're saying, but let's be real here. Dams in the US have had their fair share of successes, I won't deny that. They were built for specific purposes like irrigation and hydropower, and yeah, they've managed to alter the flow of rivers and control floodplains. But let's not forget that there have been some major screw-ups along the way.

Take the Oroville dam, for example. It failed just last year. Sure, it was underfunded and needed some repairs, but that's part of the damn challenge, isn't it? If we don't keep up with maintenance and design changes, these structures are gonna fail and we'll lose control of the rivers. And that's a big freakin' problem.

And when I talk about "long-term," I'm not saying we haven't been able to mess with the hydrology of river systems. We definitely have. The issue is that altering is one thing, but controlling is a whole different ball game. There's always too much change going on in these rivers that our designs just can't handle in the long run. Every change we make affects how the water flows, and eventually, erosion happens, channels shift, and the original flow path gets screwed up. It's like a ripple effect, man. And sometimes, it doesn't go the way we wanted it to.

We do have a massive impact on these rivers, no doubt about it. But let's not pretend like we've always been in control of the changes we've caused. And guess what? A lot of the dams out there have reached their expiration date. Yeah, they're old as hell and if we don't make some decisions soon, they might just give up on us.

So, look, I didn't mean to sound like I was criticizing your opinion or anything. We're on the same page here, dude. We both know there are problems and we need to come up with some solutions. Thanks for giving us this chance to chat, man. Best of luck to ya!
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors! Just wanted to throw in my two cents on this topic. So, I've been doing some digging and honestly, I can't seem to find any solid evidence of longbow usage on horseback. Like, don't get me wrong, I've seen some artistic depictions and stuff, but I haven't come across any references in actual historical texts. And let's be real, those texts are where we should be looking for legit info.

Let's break it down. First off, we know for sure that these badasses fought dismounted in straight up battles. I mean, that's pretty straightforward. And think about it, do you really think they would have used bows while riding around on horses during skirmishes? I highly doubt it. The longbow can't be strung for too long without causing damage to the bow itself. And stringing the bow on horseback? That sounds like a total pain, unless you're using a lightweight hunting bow. But even then, it's not gonna be easy. It just makes more sense that if they were in a spur-of-the-moment situation, they would resort to their trusty swords and bucklers.

Now, if these archers were setting up an ambush, maybe they could charge while shooting from horseback. But let's keep in mind, they would probably be the only ones in on the ambush. According to old Froissart, only men-at-arms were sent out as scouts during the mid-14th century. But hey, he might be biased or just conveniently leaving out the archers. On the other hand, Monstrelet talks about archers and men-at-arms being sent out together on scouting missions. So, I guess it would make more sense for the archers to stay dismounted, shoot their arrows, then let the men-at-arms charge in, ya know?

Look, I'm not saying it's impossible for mounted archers to shoot bows from horseback. I just haven't found enough evidence to support the idea that it was a common practice. If anything, it seems like more of a rare exception, you feel me?

Okay, now let's switch gears a bit and talk logistics. So, like, picture this: you got these dudes on horseback rolling down some crappy roads or off the beaten track where there ain't no fancy Roman roads. Now, if they were using wagons instead, sure, they could carry like 10-15 guys each. And yeah, that might save you like 6 or 7 horses. But here's the thing, wagons ain't gonna be speeding down those roads. You can kiss those marches of a hundred miles in 3 days goodbye. And I have no idea how these guys would manage to move at those speeds while doubled up on horses. Plus, let's not forget the extra horses and the expense that comes with them. Doesn't sound too practical, does it?

Now, let's talk economy, my peeps. Mounted archers were getting paid way less than basic man-at-arms. Like, we're talking one half to one third of the wages. And their horses? Way cheaper too. Only about one fifth the cost of a man-at-arms' horse. And their equipment? A fraction of the cost. This means you can employ way more mounted archers for the same amount of money. And since it's easier to get into archery than becoming a full-on man-at-arms, you got a bigger pool of recruits. So, while England struggled to gather like 3000 men-at-arms for a campaign, they could easily drum up 2000-3000 mounted archers for even small campaigns. And for big ones? They had over six thousand of those bad boys. Dismounting them might give you more archers, but then you lose mobility and gotta figure out how to feed a massive army. Not exactly ideal, right?

Last but not least, having pretty much the entire army mounted opens up a whole world of destruction. Yeah, infantry can do some damage, no doubt. But when the majority of your army is on horseback, you can cover way more ground and do way more damage. Think about it, an English army could burn down every freakin' village and settlement within ten miles on either side of their path. Talk about profitable for them and devastating for the enemy. The best part? The enemy couldn't retrace their steps. It's like a double whammy of destruction!

So, there you have it folks. My humble opinion on this whole mounted archer business. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it never happened. I just haven't found enough solid evidence to believe it was a common thing. Hope I didn't bore you too much with all this rambling. Let me know your thoughts, and remember to keep it chill in the comments, yeah? Peace out!
------
OK look, I was just scrolling through this subreddit and I stumbled upon this new thread about some sigil in the game. And let me tell you, I don't really see what the big deal is. Like, who cares about a stupid sigil? It's not like it's gonna change the whole game or anything.

So apparently, this sigil can help you get more gold from drops and stuff. Yeah, sure, that sounds nice and all, but is it really that game-changing? I mean, let's be real here, getting lucky drops is already based on RNG, so what difference does this sigil really make? It's just another way for the devs to mess with us and make us grind even more.

And apparently, some players have been complaining about rare sigil prices being too low and vendor value being too high. Seriously? Are people really that concerned about this? I get it, economy is important in the game, but come on, who has the time to worry about this kind of stuff? Can't we just play the game and have fun without thinking about every little gold
------
Alright, so I stumbled upon this post and I just have to say, dude, you need to read this. Seriously, everything this person said is spot on.

So, let me give you the lowdown on my experience with the whole condom situation. I've been getting down and dirty for the past four years, and when I first started, I couldn't tell the difference between wearing a condom and not wearing one. You know what? It didn't even matter to me. Wearing that rubber didn't diminish my experience at all. Now, you might think that as I gained some experience, I'd be all against wearing one, but nope, I still prefer it. And not just for my partner's sake, but for my own as well.

Let me tell you a little story. One time, we finished up the deed and started cleaning up, only to realize that the damn condom had gone and ruptured. Panic mode activated! We sprinted to the pharmacy and grabbed a morning-after pill like there was no tomorrow. Then we sat down and had a serious talk about what our plan of action would be if we were actually pregnant. Can you believe it? This was only our second or third time having sex, so you can clearly see just how inexperienced we were. We even considered dropping out of college, getting hitched, and I would have to work for her dad while raising a baby. Talk about throwing away all our plans and dreams from high school. But you know what? We came to our senses and realized that sacrificing everything we wanted in life for half an hour of sexy time wasn't worth it.

Now, at that point, we had already been together for nearly two years, and we were pretty darn sure we were gonna tie the knot after college. Thankfully, we didn't end up with a pregnancy scare. But let me tell ya, that scare jolted us into being extremely careful from then on.

I'm sharing this story to make a few points crystal clear. First of all, waiting to have sex is totally normal. We held off for almost two freaking years before we finally did the deed. And guess what? I have friends who have been dating since high school and they only started knocking boots in college. So there's no rush, my friend. You're not missing out on anything.

Secondly, you don't need to give a guy sex to keep him interested. Seriously, my interest in my girlfriend isn't solely based on sex. If that were the case, our relationship would be about as deep as a puddle. It wouldn't take much for me to dump her and move on to someone else. No, what keeps me interested is the whole package: our conversations, the stuff we do together like hitting the gym, swimming, shopping, cooking, you name it. See, what I'm trying to say is that anyone can give me sex, but only my partner can give me fulfillment in all these other aspects of life. And let me tell you, that's more than enough to keep me hooked.

Lastly, let's talk about how even newbies like us can make mistakes. I mean, seriously, I was wearing a condom and managed to tear the damn tip. It's virtually impossible for a beginner to be able to pull out in time. So don't be delusional and think you can master that skill right off the bat. It just ain't happening, my friend.

So, OP, sit yourself down and think about your future. Think about where you want to be in five or ten years. I highly doubt you're dreaming of a life filled with regrets and hardship because of an unplanned baby. Trust me, you don't wanna do something that might jeopardize your future. Take it from someone who's been there, done that, and learned the hard way.

And hey, if you didn't like my blunt way of putting things, tough luck. Life isn't all rainbows and unicorns, my friend. Sometimes you need a reality check, and this is it. So take it or leave it. Your call.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Reddit peeps? I just had to chime in here because there seems to be some serious misconceptions going on. Like seriously, guys, let's get our facts straight before we start spouting off nonsense.

First of all, I've seen some people saying that you need two extra stops of aperture on a micro four-thirds (m43) camera to get the same number of photons as a full-frame (ff) camera. But hold up, that's just plain wrong. If you use the same lens with the same aperture setting on both cameras, the middle area of the ff sensor that is the same size as the m43 sensor will get the same number of photons. It's like comparing apples to apples, my friends. And guess what? The depth of field (dof) will also match. So quit spreading misinformation, okay?

And while we're at it, let's talk about this whole magnifying glass analogy. Seriously, who comes up with this stuff? Taking a magnifying glass to a spot of light doesn't make the spot smaller and brighter. It's the same damn size, folks. When you use a lens, you're not using the entire spot on the sensor, just a portion of it in the middle. So the brightness per area on the sensor doesn't change. It's all about exposure per sensor area, and that remains exactly the same when you use the same settings. Got it?

Now, let's tackle this whole "larger sensor = more light storage = harder to blow highlights" argument. Sorry, but that's just not a thing. It's not about storage or blowing highlights, it's about dynamic range. You see, m43 cameras are usually cheaper than ff cameras, so they don't always have the best sensor technology. That's why the dynamic range is lower, not because of some magical light storage capacity. So let's stop making false claims, alright?

Alright, next up is this claim that it's easier to get sharpness out of lenses on ff cameras. Nope, not true at all. Most lenses are actually sharpest in the center, regardless of sensor size. And guess what? You can totally use ff lenses on m43 cameras without any issues. Plus, making high-quality lenses for m43 cameras is actually easier and cheaper because the elements can be smaller and lighter. Yeah, that's right. So don't make assumptions based on sensor size, my friends.

Now, we come to the whole shallow depth of field (dof) argument. Sure, in practice, if you want the same framing on a m43 camera, you'll have to use a wider angle lens or step back, which means more depth of field. But here's the kicker: if you use the same lens, same settings, and same distance, the dof is the same. Boom! Mind blown, right? The only difference is that the picture from the m43 camera is cropped compared to the ff camera. So let's not get carried away with these assumptions, okay?

Now, let's dive into why larger sensors typically have better noise performance. It's simple, really. Just compare a 25-megapixel ff sensor to a 25-megapixel m43 sensor. The ff sensor has four times the area, which means each pixel is four times the size. And you know what that means? More photons hitting each pixel, baby! That translates to the same brightness with less signal boost, which results in better noise performance. Simple math, my friends.

But hey, it's not just about sensor size. The larger physical size of the sensor and camera also allows for more advanced technology, which improves image quality and gives you things like increased dynamic range. Look, I don't claim to be an expert on all the technical details, but let's just say there's some fancy stuff going on behind the scenes. It's not just about sensor size, people.

So, to wrap things up, the advantages of ff cameras right now are higher quality sensors, availability of top-notch lenses, and ergonomics. Yeah, those big-ass camera bodies have dedicated buttons and dials for everything, which is pretty sweet. Smaller cameras just can't compete in that department. And yeah, I'm talking about you, mirrorless ff cameras that everyone's going crazy over.

But of course, there are disadvantages too. We can't ignore the fact that ff cameras are pricey, bulky, and heavy. Yeah, both the bodies and the lenses. So it's all about finding that balance, my friends. Different strokes for different folks, you know what I'm saying?

Alright, rant over. Let's keep the discussions respectful and informed, people. We're all here to learn and share knowledge, so let's do it right. Peace out!
------
Hey, I couldn't help but chuckle at your post. You're really onto something with the whole visualization thing. Seriously, I can't even daydream properly. It's like my brain is allergic to imagination or something. My therapist gets so damn frustrated with me, and honestly, I don't blame them. I mean, who can blame them? Visualization sounds like some kind of freakin' hallucination, but apparently, it's just a normal thing people do. Not me though, my brain just refuses to cooperate. Ugh.

Dude, you seem to know so much about this stuff, I'd love to pick your brain about it. I'm pretty sure I've got more than one type of depression going on. Like, you know that seasonal affective disorder crap? Yeah, when my vitamin D levels hit rock bottom (thanks night shift, you sun-killing monster), my anxiety and depression go off the charts. It's like having double the depression, and it's a frickin' nightmare. But hey, my doctor is nice enough to prescribe me some vitamin D supplements, and that seems to do the trick eventually. Thank god for science, am I right?

CBT, yeah, that cognitive behavioral therapy thing. I totally agree with you. Trying to challenge my thoughts is an uphill battle. I spend so much time just trying to distract myself from all those negative and intrusive thoughts that invade my brain like noisy neighbors. Seriously, they've been haunting me since I was a little kid. Can I get rid of them? Hell if I know, but it would be awesome to just let them slide by without having a mental breakdown every time. Like, seriously, these "what if" fears are killing me softly with their nonsense.

And speaking of fears, I have no freakin' clue what triggers the underlying anxiety and intrusive thoughts. But lemme tell you, it doesn't take much. It could be something as innocent as getting into a car, and suddenly my brain goes into overdrive. It's like, "Yo, there might be someone hiding in the backseat waiting to jump you!" I mean, come on, brain, get a grip! Or walking down the stairs, and bam, "You're gonna trip and break your neck and die!" Thanks for the cheerful thoughts, brain. And don't even get me started on walking by an open window. My brain is convinced a frickin' hand is going to reach out and snatch me up for some human trafficking adventure. Can you believe that? It's ridiculous!

Oh, and let's not forget the good ol' days when I used to wait for the school bus. Every damn car that drove by, my brain was like, "They're gonna slow down and snatch you up, kid!" Talk about paranoia, right? It's irrational as hell, and I know it. But these thoughts, man, they plague me all day, every day. I have these ridiculous mental rituals and routines to try and feel safe. Like, I bring "decoy" water bottles with me to work because, well, you never know when someone might try to poison you, right? Yeah, I know, nobody's out to get me. But if I don't do these things, I have a full-blown panic attack. It's exhausting, man.

I gotta say, it would be freakin' amazing to just have these thoughts and let 'em go. Like, acknowledge their existence but not let them take over my life. Act sounds intriguing as hell, and I'm definitely gonna bring it up with my therapist. Maybe she knows something about it. I'm down to give it a shot and see what happens. Can't hurt, right?
------
Alright, here's the thing. I don't know who you think you are, but your lack of empathy is seriously disturbing. Who do you think you are insulting a stranger who was just trying to offer some general advice? And then you have the audacity to take personal offense to my comment when it wasn't even directed at you? Seriously, get over yourself.

I mean, come on, it's not like I was checking off items on a bucket list here. These are habits that you need to form and incorporate into your everyday life. The whole idea that someone has "done" all of these things implies they're perfect and have no room for improvement. And let's be real here, nobody likes a person who thinks they're perfect.

Now, let's say hypothetically someone has actually formed habits around all of these things. I highly doubt they need help finding someone to love. More likely, they just haven't found someone who meets their ridiculous standards. In that case, I'd suggest focusing on self-improvement and finding other ways to better yourself. Being the best version of yourself is the best way to attract someone worthy of your time.

But let's take this hypothetical a step further. Let's say this person does all of these things religiously but still can't find anyone to love. Well, I'm no expert, but it's safe to say they probably have some deep-rooted personality defect. Maybe they come across as a total jerk without even realizing it. So instead of focusing on self-improvement in a general sense, this person needs to work on specific issues that are hindering their chances at love.

Alternatively, this hypothetical person could just be incredibly insecure. They might actively seek out reasons to be offended and use it as an excuse to act like a total asshole. Newsflash, people, that behavior isn't attractive! The solution? Yep, you guessed it, self-improvement. Developing confidence through various avenues of self-improvement can work wonders in overcoming insecurity.

Look, at the end of the day, it's all about striving to be better every single day. If you sit around waiting for your perfect match to magically appear, you're going to be waiting a long time. Put in the effort, improve yourself, and sooner or later, the right person will come along. Unless, of course, you're living in a place where your dating options are severely limited. In that case, self-improvement becomes even more crucial.

So, here's the deal: if you build yourself up, they will come. It may take time, but trust me, it'll happen. Just stop whining and start working on becoming the best version of yourself. Good luck, you'll need it.
------
Alright people, brace yourselves for some real talk. It's time to wake up from your media-induced coma and open your eyes to the real problems plaguing this world. Who cares about some fancy schmancy articles when there's a whole bunch of messed up stuff happening right under our noses? Yeah, you heard me right.

Let's start with America. You know what they're doing in the Middle East? Committing genocide, that's what. And they don't even bother explaining why to their own citizens. It's all hush-hush, like some secret mission that no one can question. But trust me, there's some serious corruption going on in that government. They're making deals left and right, all to please their corporate buddies while screwing over their own people. It's a classic case of putting money before morals, my friends.

And guess who's feeding us all this propaganda? The giant media outlets, that's who. They're in cahoots with the government, spreading their lies and distractions. They're like puppet mast
------
Alright, fine, I'll give this whole fantasy football breakdown thing a shot. I can't promise I'll be consistent or anything, but hey, why not share my mediocre analysis with you all? So, here's my breakdown of the Falcons vs. Eagles game in Week 1.

First things first, let's talk about the Eagles. Man, they have some serious issues going into this game. Carson Wentz is still out with his ACL tear from last year (ouch), Alshon Jeffery's shoulder is acting up and he's gonna be sidelined for at least two weeks, Jay Ajayi is recovering from a foot injury, and Nick Foles hasn't exactly been lighting up the preseason. The Eagles offense is looking pretty rough, to say the least. So, their best bet for a win is gonna come from their defense.

Now, don't get me wrong, the Eagles defense is actually pretty darn good. They had the top-ranked run defense last year, only allowing an average of 79.2 rushing yards per game. And their pass defense was no slouch either, ranking fourth and only giving up 18.4 total team fantasy points per game. But, here's the kicker, their weakness is passing yardage. They ranked 17th in the league in passing yardage allowed. Jalen Mills is listed as the number one cornerback on the depth chart, but let's be real, Ronald Darby is the better choice (he's faster too, with a 4.38s 40-yard dash compared to Mills' sluggish 4.64s). So, Darby will most likely cover the Falcons' number two wide receiver, which means Calvin Ridley ain't gonna do much. Sorry, Ridley fans.

Now, let's talk about Julio Jones. The dude is a beast. He had the second most receiving yards in the league last year with 1444 total yards. And considering that the Eagles struggle with passing yardage allowed, it's safe to say that Julio is gonna have a field day. As for the running game, well, the Eagles' tough run defense is gonna limit Devonte Freeman's yardage. He's not gonna have a remarkable week. But hey, Tevin Coleman might shine in the passing game. He's the main receiving back, so keep him in mind for a flex option.

Now, onto Matt Ryan. Poor guy's gonna be under heavy pressure all game long. And we all know how that goes for him. Last season, Ryan had a dismal 48% completion rate and a 1-1 touchdown to interception ratio when faced with pressure. So, yeah, I don't see him having a great week. Sorry, Falcons fans.

Alright, let's switch gears and talk about the Falcons defense. They were solid last year, ranking ninth against the run and twelfth against the pass. But let's be real here, if Foles looks anything like he did in the preseason, then you can't really trust any of the Eagles' pass catchers except for Zach Ertz (he's a clear weekly starter). The only things worth watching on the Eagles' offense this week are Jay Ajayi, who just got cleared from his foot injury, and their offensive line, which is apparently the best in the league according to Pro Football Focus. Ajayi didn't have the greatest year last season, ranking eighteenth in rushing yards per game, but let's see what he can do behind that top-ranked O-line. He'll probably finish the week in the top 24, but don't expect anything spectacular. Oh, and keep an eye on the battle between Nelson Agholor and Mike Wallace for targets with Jeffery out. One of them might surprise us this season.

Alright, time for the TL;DR version:

Falcons:
- Start Julio Jones
- Freeman's not gonna have a big game
- Tevin Coleman could be a decent flex option
- Matt Ryan's gonna struggle
- Defense might be a sleeper in deeper leagues

Eagles:
- Only start Zach Ertz with confidence
- Start Jay Ajayi as an RB2 or flex
- Pay attention to the Agholor vs. Wallace target battle
- Definitely start the defense

Oh, and by the way, this game is gonna be low to mid scoring. Not a great matchup for kickers. Okay, I think I covered everything. Hopefully, I did this whole format thing right this time. Peace out!
------
Okay, listen up folks. I stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, I am not impressed. First of all, let's talk about this whole MVP thing. Yeah, sure, this dude won MVP last split. I won't deny that because it's a fact. But then you go on to say he was "indisputably" the best support this split. Hold up, pump the brakes there buddy. Have you ever considered that maybe the voting system is flawed? I mean, come on, they let the media vote on these things. Do you really think all those so-called "experts" actually know what they're talking about? I highly doubt it.

And let's not forget, this summer split hasn't exactly been a shining moment for supports in NA. It's like a support apocalypse out there with all the turnover happening. So yeah, maybe this Aphro guy is on top by default, but that doesn't mean he's head and shoulders above everyone else. I'm not even convinced he's the number one support right now, okay?

Oh, and speaking of biased opinions, I took a little peek at your comment history, my friend. And boy oh boy, it's pretty clear you're just an Aphro fanboy. I mean, seriously, can you be any more obvious? But let's put that aside for a second and talk about 100T coaching.

Fact: 100T decided to sub out Ssumday and Meteos for Rift Rivals when they were sitting pretty in second place during the spring split. That move right there caused Meteos to question his future on the team and start looking for backup plans. And guess what? 100T thought that meant he wasn't fully committed and traded him for a clear downgrade. Like seriously, what kind of logic is that? It's called mismanagement, my friend. And they didn't even bother negotiating for a decent trade. They purposefully targeted bottom-tier teams so they wouldn't have to help any potential playoff or worlds competitors. Way to prioritize winning, guys.

And don't even get me started on Cody Sun. The way they handled that situation was a total mess. One day before the semi-finals, they decide to bench him and don't even bring him into the studio as a potential sub. No practice time, no scrimming, nothing. It could have been handled so much better, but nope, they clearly don't give a damn about winning.

I wish I could dive deeper into all of this, but unfortunately, I don't have the time. I typed this up in increments while I was at work, so forgive me if it seems a bit erratic. But hey, who knows if you'll even bother reading all of this? You probably think I'm just some immature person on Reddit because I had the audacity to call you out on your flawed logic and defend bone-headed decision making. Well, guess what? I don't care what you think. I'm just here to speak my mind, whether you like it or not. Peace out.
------
Hey guys, can we please stop with all this ridiculous dem vs repub and sjw vs alt right crap? It's getting old real fast. I don't even support any of those groups, but I do have a suggestion for a more sensible economy that isn't just unfettered capitalism. How about we try socialistic capitalism, you know, like FDR style mixed economics?

And before you start with your "today's left" nonsense, let me tell you something. There is no such thing as this imaginary entity. Sure, there may be a bunch of morons out there pushing their social engineering agenda, but don't call it leftism because that's not what it is. People are brainwashed, man. Like seriously brainwashed. And don't think you're immune to it either, because you're probably brainwashed too, following some shill or another.

But let's get back to the man of the hour - Bernie Sanders. Look, he wasn't trying to steal your hard-earned cash by promising "free shit." Your money is nothing but a drop in the bucket, my friend. And let's be real, there's no such thing as free. The word is just used for simplicity. What Bernie was talking about was workers and taxpayers contributing towards socialized single payer universal healthcare. Yeah, that's right, healthcare for everyone. And trust me, it's a hell of a lot better than the shoddy mess that is Obamacare.

Universal healthcare benefits the whole freaking nation, man. It means affordable healthcare without all the big pharma and insurance company scams. You know, like how it is in the rest of the civilized western world. And no, essential services aren't free shit. It's about taking care of your fellow countrymen and women, and everyone chipping in their fair share. Especially those damn elites who love hoarding everything and giving nothing back. By the way, this also makes the country more efficient, with healthier and happier workers who aren't drowning in debt. Imagine that, more time for business ideas and spending time with family. Crazy concept, huh?

Now, why the hell should we be kissing corporations' asses? They're the reason we're in this mess in the first place! They bribe our government and get away with murder. Screw them, man. We need to replace those big corporations with small and medium businesses that can actually compete without all the monopolies and cronyist interference.

And don't even get me started on these corporate CEOs making obscene amounts of money while their employees struggle to make ends meet. It's freaking disgusting, man. It's like economic slavery on steroids, brought to you by the NWO. We need better jobs through innovation, affordable college, and regulations against all those unethical business practices. Obama tried using taxes for profit, but let's face it, it wasn't as efficient as a non-cronyist social democracy.

If a company can't afford to pay their employees decent wages, then they damn well deserve to go out of business. I'm not saying we should treat small businesses and corporations the same, but improving the economy for the average Joe with equal opportunity (not forced opportunity) will make everyone better off financially. And you know what that means? More small and medium businesses competing with those bastard monopolies. I'll even go as far as breaking up those huge corporations into smaller businesses just to reduce their ridiculous power.

You know what's been a massive failure for over 30 years? Giving tax breaks to billionaires. Yep, that policy has done wonders for increasing income inequality and pretty much destroying the middle class. The younger generations are screwed, man. We need a more balanced economy, one that doesn't cater to these traitorous corporations that ship jobs off to poorer countries for sweatshops and extra profit. That's why I say screw their demands and let's focus on supporting small and medium businesses. Oh, and let's get money out of politics so those corporations can't bribe the government into making them untouchable. It's a win-win situation for everyone, except for the parasite elite, of course. And it's no surprise that the entire corporate media shat on Bernie 24/7. They'd rather have a corporatist like Reagan than a balanced social democrat like FDR. Can you believe that shit?

Alright, rant over. Peace out, folks.
------
Look, I get it. We all have our own opinions and beliefs, but I just can't agree with you on this one. Sex is not some kind of reward like alcohol. Sure, it might feel good for a moment, but that doesn't mean it drains you in the long run. And to say that no pleasure in life is without its downsides? Come on now, that's just a pessimistic way of looking at things.

You mentioned that humans are different from animals because we've conquered our primal instincts and built civilizations. Well, yeah, that's true to some extent. But let's not forget that our primal instincts are still a part of who we are. They're what make us human. Without them, we wouldn't even exist. So why should we completely repress them and deny ourselves something that is completely natural?

And evolution? Seriously? If our ancestors decided to keep having sex in their caves 24/7, we would have never advanced? That's a bit of a stretch, don't you think? I mean, sure, they needed to do more than just have sex to survive, but to say that sex would have hindered our progress as a species is just ridiculous.

Now, I'm not saying that our society isn't sex-crazed. It definitely is. We're bombarded with sexual imagery and messages everywhere we look. But that doesn't mean we should demonize sex or treat it like it's some kind of taboo. People enjoy sex, and there's nothing wrong with that. It's a natural, healthy part of life.

And your argument about addiction? Look, just because someone enjoys sex and engages in it frequently doesn't mean they're addicted. Addiction is a serious matter, and it's not fair to throw that term around so lightly. Yes, some people struggle with controlling their sexual urges, but that doesn't mean everyone does.

You mentioned masturbation, pornography, sexualization of minors, rape, and sex addiction. Those are all serious issues, but they're not exclusive to our modern society. They've been around for centuries, if not longer. It's not fair to blame all of these problems on our "sex-crazed" culture. There are deeper issues at play here, and they're not going to be solved by simply repressing our sexual desires.

And to say that short-term pleasures never lead to long-term happiness? Well, that's just a narrow-minded perspective. Just because something feels good in the moment doesn't mean it can't contribute to overall happiness. Life is about finding a balance between pleasure and responsibility. Enjoying sex doesn't make someone shallow or lacking self-worth. It's a personal choice, and as long as it's consensual and safe, it's nobody else's business.

So, mate, those are just my two cents. I respect your opinion, but I can't agree with it. Happiness is subjective, and as long as it's not hurting anyone else, who am I to judge? Let's focus on spreading love and acceptance instead of shaming others for their choices.
------
Alright, let me just start by saying that I appreciate your response. However, I can't say that I agree with everything you've said. I think it's important for us to challenge each other's views and engage in debates in this subreddit. But, let's not pretend that we're here to be intellectually or morally superior. The point of these discussions is to reflect upon our beliefs, recognize their flaws, and be open to the possibility of change. If someone presents a convincing argument for the existence of God, I would be willing to reconsider my beliefs.

Now, you mentioned that you've learned from personal experience that lying ultimately leads to suffering. This experience led you to believe that the Bible was correct and that you had been wrong before. While I understand your point, I have to disagree. Just because lying is wrong doesn't mean that the story of Narnia or any other moral in the Bible is infallible. The Bible, like any other novel, contains life lessons, but whether or not those morals align with your worldview doesn't determine the truth of the Bible or the basis of your morality.

Furthermore, you mentioned that understanding the cultural context in which the Bible was written is crucial to properly interpreting its meaning. However, there are sections in the Bible, such as Leviticus 20 and Deuteronomy 22, that explicitly command the stoning of gay people and people who engaged in premarital sex. Are you suggesting that these commands were right under the cultural context, or are you saying that they are wrong regardless of the context? Personally, I believe that stoning gay people and those who had premarital sex is always wrong, regardless of the context. It seems that many Christians try to find contextual clues and metaphorical interpretations to explain these commands because they don't find them sensible or morally justifiable.

Moving on, you mentioned that not all heterosexual or homosexual sex is about love, but instead driven by lust. While there may be instances where that is true, the same can be said for any desire we have. We're taught to control ourselves when it comes to desires for success, power, or material possessions. Similarly, self-control should be exercised in sexual desires. However, my point is that a gay couple can possess the same pure, noble, and selfless elements as a straight couple. Christians often view straight couples as admirable for their selflessness, but fail to see the same in gay couples. Can you honestly say that a selfless homosexual couple harms anyone in ways that an equally altruistic heterosexual couple does not?

You mentioned that my point about people rejecting Christianity because they want to do something considered sinful and want to be free to do it was incorrect. You believe people reject Christianity because they find its standards and morality unjust and bigoted. While I can understand where you're coming from, proclaiming love for homosexuals while denying the validity of their love or marriage doesn't exactly align with love. Imagine someone saying, "I love black people, I just don't think they should be allowed to get married!" It doesn't seem coherent, does it?

I appreciate your honesty in admitting that you don't know all the reasons behind everything the Bible says. It would be dishonest and harmful to your faith, reputation, and the people you would be lying to if you claimed to know it all. In these discussions, intellectual honesty and respect for people with different beliefs should always be a priority.

You mentioned that you were ashamed because your life was a mess, you were letting loved ones down, and wasting your talents. The Bible warned you about the consequences of such a lifestyle, and you felt ashamed for not listening until you hit rock bottom. Now, let's consider two scenarios: one where you find yourself hurting others without the Bible telling you it's wrong, and another where the Bible tells you it's wrong but you can't see how it hurts anyone. In which scenario do you think you're more likely to repent and start living a healthy lifestyle? The one where you realize the harm in your actions or the one where a book tells you it's wrong?

Finally, you mentioned that empathy and apathy are opposites, and kindness and cruelty are antonyms. I understand your point, but when I said that empathy is the opposite of cruelty, I was highlighting how someone with empathy would try not to be cruel. Similarly, one could say that the Nazis were the exact opposite of kindness. It's not a matter of the golden mean or extreme virtues leading to vice. Any virtue can be perverted, but that doesn't mean there's such a thing as "too much" kindness or empathy.

In conclusion, while I appreciate your perspective, I can't fully agree with everything you've said. Let's continue to engage in these discussions with intellectual honesty and respect for one another's beliefs.
------
Hey there, interesting question. I gotta say, I've had a similar experience with a bunch of dudes in this libertarian Facebook group. They started off all supportive and shit, but then they turned into a bunch of assholes when I actually talked about my story. Apparently, they thought this guy named Augustus was just some "silly goth larper" and I was being dumb for taking him seriously.

Now, as for whether dismissal is helpful or not, I think it depends on the specifics. Like, what kind of dismissal, from which groups, and in what context? Personally, I don't think completely dismissing these guys like Augustus is the smartest move. Sure, some of them might fade away if we ignore them, but others are ticking time bombs, man. If I had to guess, I'd throw Augustus in the latter category. When I first found out he's a fascist, I thought about trying to change his views by engaging in conversation, but that shit was futile. Realized it pretty damn quick.

And here's another thing, sexual frustration plays a big role in these kinds of groups. Society fucking tells dudes that their worth as a man is all tied up in how good they are with women. But let's face it, it's not always easy for guys to find intimacy, even if they try. Plus, they're only allowed to want sex, not emotional closeness and vulnerability. It's a recipe for failure, man. Most women don't want some emotionally clueless dude. So when these guys join fringe groups like this, they can feel like they're still getting their manliness validation, ya know? These groups often put women down and make it seem like their opinions don't matter, so these dudes can act however the fuck they want without giving a shit about what women think.

Now, let me tell you about some of my experiences with sex work clients. Some of these dudes fit right into the reactionary and incel stereotype. Man, some of them can be real assholes, thinking I'm some kind of predator forcing them to hand over their cash. But most of the time, it's not that bad. When I come across a client who's kinda on the fringes of society and seriously lacks social skills, I try to validate their feelings without endorsing their messed-up views or embarrassing them too much. And you know what? I've actually managed to challenge their fucked up attitudes about gender and sexuality in our conversations, especially if they become regular customers. It's honestly a pretty interesting part of my job.

Hope that all makes sense, man! Keep asking these thought-provoking questions!
------
Wow, dude, I gotta say, your argument is seriously flawed. Like, seriously.

So you think South Sudan needs more war and strife? Are you out of your mind? How can you even say something like that? I mean, sure, their government is messed up and all, but wishing for more violence and chaos is just messed up, man. That's not how you solve problems. And calling it a "paradise" sarcastically? Seriously?

Then you start blabbering about private companies existing to make a profit. Well, duh! That's kind of the whole point of running a business. If they're not making money, they're gonna go bankrupt. It's called capitalism, man. Survival of the fittest and all that. And no, companies are not existing for charity. Government certainly isn't charitable either. They exist to serve themselves and their own interests. Don't even get me started on that.

You try to argue that government services are better because they don't need to turn a profit, but come on. Do you really think government-run businesses break even? That's a load of hogwash. Government is notorious for wasting money and mismanaging things. And when they do make money, it's just spent on some other useless crap. They're basically like shareholders, except they hold a monopoly on whatever industry they want. How is that fair or efficient?

Then you bring up telecom, healthcare, and all that jazz. Let me tell you something, buddy. Our telecom issues have nothing to do with not enough government. In fact, government is deeply involved in our telecom industry, and that's part of the problem. It's so hard for smaller or local ISPs to even exist here because of all the regulations and monopolies created by the government. So don't give me that crap about municipal ISPs being cheaper and faster. It's just not true.

And as for healthcare, yeah, it's expensive. But guess what? Private healthcare can be effective if you can afford it. And you know why it's so expensive? Because of all the government regulations and bureaucracy. Look at the mess in the US. It's not privatized healthcare, my friend. It's a mix of public and private, and it's a disaster. Long wait times, drugs not covered, and a shortage of doctors. Yeah, sounds awesome, right?

So, before you start spouting off about how great government is and how everything should be run by them, maybe take a step back and think about the actual consequences of that. Because let me tell you, it's not pretty. So next time, try actually doing some research before making such ridiculous claims.
------
Alright, so I'm just gonna rant here for a bit because I recently made the switch from Apple and the iPhone X to a Note 9. Let me tell you, it has been one of the best tech choices I've ever made.

First off, when I was doing my research on this swap, I couldn't find many articles or reviews on it. Seriously, what's up with that? I mean, don't people want to know what they're getting into when they switch from Apple to Android? So, I decided to put my thoughts out there on the internet in case anyone else is thinking about making the switch.

Now, let's get to the nitty-gritty. I've tried switching from Apple in the past, trust me, but it never really stuck. I tried the S7 Edge+ and absolutely hated it. And don't even get me started on the old Note phones. I always ended up running back to Apple like a lost puppy. But not this time, my friends. This time is different.

It all started about a week ago when my 4-month-old replacement iPhone charger frayed AGAIN! I mean, what the actual heck? How am I supposed to charge my phone when the charger keeps falling apart on me? Sure, I could buy an aftermarket charger, but I'm somewhat of a purist, you know? Plus, who knows what weird issues those would eventually bring. So, I thought to myself, why not invest in some fast charging technology now? Especially since my precious $1000 iPhone X didn't even come with a cable to fast charge. And guess what? I found out I needed to buy a new wall plug too. Are you kidding me? So, I decided to wait.

A few days passed, and one fateful night, my girlfriend was out of town, and I decided to stay up until 3:30 in the morning playing video games. I finally fell asleep, exhausted, and left my phone off the charger. When I woke up, I swiped down to check my battery percentage, and what do I see? 13%. Ugh! So, I plugged it in and fell back asleep. An HOUR later, I wake up again, swipe down to check my phone, and it's at a whopping 56%! I lost it! Why am I paying a ridiculous amount of money for a phone that can't even keep its battery alive? And let's not forget that my battery started dying way faster after the new iPhones came out. Coincidence? I think not.

That was the final straw for me. I marched straight to Best Buy and bought a Note 9 outright. And let me tell you, this bad boy is a game-changer.

Now, I was a little worried about leaving iMessage behind. People act like it's the best thing since sliced bread. But you know what? I haven't missed it once since switching. What was I even getting out of iMessage anyway? Just some fancy chat bubbles with different colors. Big deal.

Sure, the Note 9 doesn't light up the lock screen when you get a text. But guess what? I found an app for that. Glimpse notifications. Problem solved. Take that, iPhone!

Okay, let's talk performance. The iPhone X is probably a slightly better performing phone. Maybe. I mean, I've only had the Note 9 for four days, so I haven't tapped into all its potential yet. It has some delays here and there, and it's not as "smooth" as the iPhone X. But you know what? I'm okay with that. Wanna know why? Because the Note 9 has features that make up for it, like crazy battery life.

I have my phone set up to turn off WiFi when I leave home and turn it back on when I get to work. Same goes for when I leave work until I get back home. And let me tell you, I have been using my phone consistently for hours, texting and scrolling through social media since 8:30 in the morning, and guess what my battery percentage is at now? 94%! Can you believe that? And hey, did I mention that I can take out my pen and write a grocery list effortlessly? No more formatting issues with notes. It's so handy to just write and go on with my day. Later on, I can cross things off the list as I go. It's the little things, you know?

And don't even get me started on the customization options. I can turn off the blue light at sunset. That's a game-changer for someone like me who plays Pokemon Go religiously. I can overlay apps and have them connected, so I can Discord and Pokemon on the go without constantly switching back and forth. It's like having the best of both worlds on top of each other. It's fantastic.

Oh, and by the way, I'm at work right now, texting my girlfriend from a web browser on my Windows computer. Yeah, you read that right. I don't even have to pick up my phone to have a conversation with her. It's fast, convenient, and hassle-free. Take that, Apple!

So, to sum it all up, four days into owning the Note 9, I can confidently say that it is the best phone I've ever owned. Better than the iPhone X, no doubt. Look, I get it, the iPhone X is cool and all, and if you're an Apple fanboy like I used to be, it's hard to let go. But trust me when I say that the Note 9 makes switching so damn easy.

If you've ever caught yourself saying "why Apple, why?" and you're ready to take the leap, the Note 9 is the phone to do it on. Apple ain't got nothing on this bad boy. So, come join the dark side of freedom and customization. As a lifelong Apple fanboy, I did it, and you can too.
------
Hey guys, just wanted to chime in here with my two cents (pun intended) about working at a car wash. So, as some of you may know, I work at a car wash and let me tell you, it's not the glamorous job that you might think it is.

First of all, let's talk about the costs involved in running a car through the wash. From what I've heard, it costs around 20-30 cents to run a car through the wash. Now, keep in mind that this is for the biggest wash package that we offer. But guess what? Our cheapest wash is only 6 bucks! And let me tell you, that's just a rinse and run type deal that doesn't even involve any employee labor. It's basically just a quick spray and off you go. And believe it or not, that's actually a sizable portion of our business. People love the cheap option, what can I say?

Now, on the other end of the spectrum, we have the most expensive wash package which is about 50 bucks. This bad boy comes with all the bells and whistles - armor all on the tires, inside, trim, and rain-x on the windows. And guess how much we charge for those fancy schmancy chemicals? Customers pay an additional 5 bucks for the tire shine, 8 bucks for the armor all, 2 bucks for the trim, and 12 bucks for the rain-x. I mean, seriously? Talk about highway robbery!

Now, I don't actually know how much those chemicals cost for us to buy, but I can tell you one thing - they last a freaking long time! We buy them in bulk and holy moly, customers are definitely getting their money's worth for each barrel/bucket of chemical.

But enough about the costs, let's talk about the labor involved. It takes me around 30 minutes to do the biggest package, depending on how dirty the car is. And guess what? I make a whopping 9 bucks an hour! So, if it takes me half an hour to do a 50-dollar wash, that means they have to pay me a whopping 4.50 bucks for my hard work. Yeah, you heard that right - 4.50 bucks for half an hour of labor. Can you believe it?

Now, speaking of wages, let's talk about the minimum wage increase in 2009. When the federal minimum wage was raised to 7.25 bucks, our prices for all the packages increased by nearly 10 bucks each. Can you believe that? And to be honest, I can't even remember exactly what the prices were back then. All I know is that they went up, and they went up by a lot.

Oh, and let's not forget about the commission. I make a whopping 6 pennies on the dollar for each extra service I sell. Yeah, you heard that right - 6 pennies! So, if someone buys all the fancy extras, like tire shine, armor all, and whatnot, I might make a whopping 2 bucks in commission. Woohoo, big spender over here!

Now, let me just break it down for you in simple terms. If it costs around 30 cents to run a car through the wash, let's add 2 bucks for the extra chemicals. Then, we have to factor in my 4.50 bucks for half an hour of labor. And let's not forget the additional 25 bucks or so in extras that the customer pays for in the package. So, all in all, that's 8.80 bucks in overhead for a 50-dollar wash. I mean, come on, it's not rocket science - they would still be making a decent profit even if the minimum wage went up.

Now, let me get a bit personal here. When I went back to school and started working at the car wash again, I was working my butt off - 36-40 hours a week, six days a week. And you know what? I was barely scraping by, paycheck to paycheck. It was a nightmare, let me tell you. Luckily, I was able to make a few changes to my lifestyle. I moved back in with my parents, sold my truck to downgrade my payments, and basically ditched everything that I could. I mean, seriously, I was willing to do anything to survive.

Right now, I only work one day a week, and that's just to cover my gas for commuting to school. I'm lucky enough to have some help from my parents, who are paying my car insurance for me. Otherwise, I don't even know how I'd manage. I'm just trying to focus on school and get by with the bare minimum. I mean, why should I kill myself working 40 hours a week in scorching heat or freezing cold just to make around 300 bucks? It's just not worth it anymore, you know?

Okay, sorry if this turned into a rant, but I just had to get it off my chest. These are just my estimations and thoughts on the matter. I don't have all the exact numbers, but hey, I'm just a casual Reddit user sharing my experiences. So take it or leave it, folks!

Stay cool,
[Username]
------
Alright, buckle up folks, because this is going to be a wild ride. I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but notice how utterly ridiculous some of the arguments being thrown around are. Seriously, it's like watching a battle of intellectual incompetence. But hey, who am I to judge? I guess I'll throw in my two cents before I move on to something more productive, like binge-watching cat videos.

Let's start with the whole self-determination debacle. I mean, come on, seriously? Self-determination is a load of baloney. It's like saying I have control over my life when, in reality, I'm just another insignificant speck floating through the vast void of existence. Oh sure, feel free to call that electron self-determined, but it doesn't change the fact that it's as random as me trying to choose what to have for lunch. Spoiler alert: it's always pizza.

And don't even get me started on quantum physics. Sure, it's all well and good to say it describes how things behave, but that doesn't mean it gives us a free pass to claim free will exists. Let's use a little thing called logic here, shall we? Free will, my friends, is nothing more than wishful thinking. So no matter how much you dress it up with fancy terms or quantum mechanics, it's still a bunch of hogwash.

Oh, and speaking of wishful thinking, let's address this whole "experience" argument. Apparently, according to some genius on this thread, all our knowledge is based on experience, therefore free will must exist. Well, surprise, surprise, that's a load of crap. Just because I experience something doesn't automatically make it true or valid. I mean, hello, haven't you ever had a dream where you were flying or being chased by a giant chicken? Yeah, didn't think so. So, next time you want to flaunt your subjective experience as evidence for free will, just remember that it's about as reliable as my goldfish's memory.

And let's not forget about the person who thinks free will is necessary for wishes and thinking. Newsflash, buddy, you're completely missing the mark here. You can have wishes and thoughts without needing some magical free will fairy sprinkling pixie dust all over your brain. It's called biology, neuroscience, and maybe even a dash of common sense. Maybe it's time to put down those dusty ancient philosophy books and catch up with the real world.

Alright, rant over. I hope you enjoyed this little glimpse into the mind of an exasperated casual Reddit user. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have some important business to attend to. Like finding that perfect cat video that will make my day. Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Yo, listen up people! I gotta say, this subreddit is a breath of fresh air compared to the cesspool of insults and stupidity I usually see on Reddit. I mean, seriously, some of y'all need to chill the eff out.

And hey, let's talk about this CMV thing. Yeah, I know it stands for "Change My View," but let's be real here. If I ever used that subreddit, I'd just ask people to reinforce my existing beliefs. Why bother entertaining other perspectives, am I right?

But here's the thing, folks. Changing your mind ain't about sticking to your guns and convincing others to agree with you. It's about being open to different arguments and considering whether your own viewpoint holds up. It's about intellectual growth, people!

Sure, on CMV, you gotta play by the rules. No full agreement allowed, 'cause they want debate, not a circle jerk. I get that. But what I really meant was that everyone should be open-minded and willing to examine all the reasons why their position might be wrong. Don't cling to your beliefs like they're some divine truth or whatever.

Now, I get it. It's frustrating when people challenge your ideas, especially if they haven't put in the same amount of thought as you. But hey, none of us are omniscient, right? You don't know how much research someone has done. So ease up on the arrogance, my friends.

Look, I'm no expert on anything (and I'll gladly admit that), but I've spent a good amount of time diving into various topics. And yeah, sometimes I realize I haven't thought things through as much as I thought. When that happens, I'm not too proud to admit it.

But let's talk about research. What does it even mean? 'Cause some people think it's spending hours upon hours with echo chambers, surrounding themselves with people who already agree. Newsflash: that ain't research, folks. Just ask those flat-earthers. They've done plenty of "research" to back up their nonsense.

So, unless you've got a degree or some firsthand experience, research also means looking into the counter-arguments and understanding why they're wrong. And guess what? That's something you seem to hate, my friend.

So, in a nutshell, let's all calm down and have some damn civil discussions. Be open to other viewpoints, question your own beliefs, and for the love of all that's holy, do some actual research!

Peace out, fellow Redditors. Let's make this subreddit a place for real conversations, not just a playground for insults and ignorance.
------
ugh, seriously? Another one of these pointless debates about religion and morality? I swear, Reddit is full of self-righteous know-it-alls who think they have all the answers. Well, here's my two cents, whether you like it or not.

First off, who cares what the Bible says about lying or any other random rule? I mean, come on people, it's just a book written by some dudes thousands of years ago. Times have changed, society has evolved, and our morals should too. We shouldn't base our entire belief system on some ancient text that contradicts itself at every turn.

And let's talk about this whole "women not being allowed to speak in public" nonsense. Seriously, how backward and outdated is that? If people actually followed everything the Bible said, we'd be living in a world where women are silenced and oppressed. Thank god (or not) that we've moved past that and now recognize that everyone, regardless of gender, should have a voice.

Now, onto this whole idea of disbelief in God leading to freedom. So, what, you're telling me that if I stop believing in some higher power, I can just do whatever the hell I want? Well, guess what, buddy? That's not how life works. Just because you don't believe in God doesn't mean there aren't consequences for your actions. It's called being a responsible human being, and it has nothing to do with religion.

And don't even get me started on this "homosexuality as a sin" crap. How can anyone possibly think that two consenting adults loving each other is wrong? It's mind-boggling to me. Love is love, plain and simple. And if your religion tells you otherwise, then maybe it's time to question those beliefs and open your mind to acceptance and equality.

Oh, and here's a thought for those who like to hide behind the excuse of "God works in mysterious ways." Yeah, right. So now we're supposed to believe that an all-knowing, all-powerful being allows horrible things to happen for some greater purpose? Sorry, but that just sounds like a convenient cop-out to me. Maybe instead of making excuses, we should focus on making the world a better place ourselves.

And hey, I applaud anyone who can break free from destructive habits like drug addiction. But let's not give all the credit to the Bible here. It's not the only reason why those actions are shameful. It's because they hurt people, including yourself. It's called empathy, something that seems to be sorely lacking in some religious circles.

And speaking of empathy, let's not twist it into some evil force. Empathy is what separates us from heartless monsters. It's what allows us to understand and care for others. Sure, it can be taken to extremes, but that doesn't mean we should dismiss it altogether. In fact, we could use a lot more empathy in this world, especially when it comes to issues like inequality and injustice.

And finally, let's not forget that guilt isn't the only thing influencing our actions. Sometimes, people do immoral things because they just plain want to. They weigh the benefits against the potential guilt, and if they think they'll come out on top, they go for it. It's as simple as that. No deep moral dilemma, no existential crisis, just good old self-interest.

So, to sum it all up, let's stop pretending that the Bible holds all the answers and start using our own damn brains. Morality isn't black and white, and it certainly isn't dictated by some ancient text. It's about empathy, compassion, and doing what's right for the greater good. And if that means questioning religion and embracing a more inclusive worldview, then count me in.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? Just came across this thread and thought I'd throw in my two cents. First of all, no offense to anyone here, but I gotta say, this whole idea of social validity is just straight-up whack to me.

I mean, seriously, who cares if something has social value? Just because a bunch of people believe in some crazy shit doesn't make it true. Take for example those folks who think rubbing blue mud in their belly buttons will give them magical powers. Like, come on, that's just some made-up nonsense. It might be important to their culture and all, but that doesn't make it valid or true.

And don't even get me started on that AFikoman thing being turned into ancient long pig. That's just some wild theory that doesn't hold any water. Sure, it might be useful for Catholics to believe in that, but it doesn't change the fact that it's a false belief.

Now, I'm not trying to sound all high and mighty here, but I've actually studied anthropology for five freaking years. And let me tell you, Jared Diamond ain't no big shot in the field. In fact, I've never even heard his name mentioned by anyone in the anthropology world. Yeah, he might be a biologist, but that doesn't mean his perspective is all that relevant to what I'm talking about.

Anthropology is the study of human beings, man. It's a complex field that encompasses so much more than just biology. There's psychology, sociology, and a whole bunch of other disciplines in there. So, excuse me if I don't buy into your narrow view of things.

Look, I get it. We all have our own ways of seeing the world. But just because you cling to your absolute logic doesn't mean I can't question it. I base my ideas on evidence and critical thinking, not just following the crowd. And trust me, I'm not the only one out there who thinks this way. It might seem alien to you, but there are plenty of us outside the academic circle who question this whole social validity nonsense.

So, before you go judging me or thinking I'm some kind of idiot, take a step back and realize that there are different perspectives out there. We don't all have to agree, but dismissing my viewpoint just because it doesn't align with yours is pretty closed-minded, don't you think?

Anyway, that's all I wanted to say. Keep on discussing, folks, but remember to respect different opinions. Peace out!
------
Hey guys, 

So I stumbled upon this whole Gerry Thompson protest thing and I gotta say, the dude has some valid points. First of all, Wizards of the Coast (WOTC) needs to step up their game and start paying pro players a living wage. I mean, seriously, if they want to sell us this dream of playing on the Pro Tour, they better make it worth our time.

Let's compare this to other esports, shall we? Take Dota 2 for example. Their annual tournament has been giving out millions of dollars for the past few years. I'm talking about $25 million, people! And the top players in that game are raking in hundreds of thousands of dollars every single year. Kuro Takhasomi, one of the big shots, made over $600k in 2018 alone. That's some serious money right there.

Now, let's look at Hearthstone, which is probably a better comparison to Magic. Sure, the prize payouts may be smaller, but guess what? Twenty-eight people have already made over $100,000 playing that game. And I'm not just talking about in-game tournaments. These players have other opportunities like streaming to make even more money. It's impressive, especially considering Hearthstone was released in 2014.

So now, let's shift our focus back to Magic. Yeah, Magic has some big-name players who've earned some serious cash from tournaments. Paulo Vitor Damo da Rosa, for example, has almost half a million dollars in earnings. But here's the catch: these figures don't take into account the number of events they've played and how long they've been in the game. When you break it down, their yearly income isn't that impressive.

Let's take Paulo as an example. He's been playing professionally since 2003 and has accumulated 54 Pro Tour Points (PTP). So even if you divide his earnings by the number of years he's been playing, it doesn't amount to much. And this holds true for most Magic players. Sure, they may have made a decent sum over their career, but when you do the math, it's not enough to sustain them for the long term.

And let's not forget about other costs like traveling and buying cards. Those things ain't cheap, my friends. So even if you're a top-notch Magic player, chances are you're still struggling to make a decent living.

And let's not even get started on streaming. In games like Dota 2 and Hearthstone, streaming can bring in some serious cash. But for Magic players, it's a whole different story. It's just not as lucrative in this community.

So yeah, it's no wonder that Gerry Thompson and others are protesting. The message from WOTC seems to be "don't waste your time." And honestly, I can't blame them. The earning potential in Magic just isn't enough to justify pursuing it professionally. Even if you love the game with all your heart, it's hard to see a future in it.

Will Gerry's protest make a difference? Who knows. But I'm curious to hear your thoughts on this whole situation. Do you think WOTC will finally step up and make some changes? Let's discuss in the comments below.
------
Alright, listen up everybody. I stumbled upon this thread and I couldn't help but roll my eyes at some of the ridiculous crap being spewed here. Seriously, some of you need a reality check. But hey, I guess that's what Reddit is for, right? A place where people can just blabber on about their half-baked ideas and pretend they're geniuses.

First off, let me address this whole idea of "social validity." Are you kidding me? Just because something is socially acceptable or valuable doesn't automatically make it valid or true. I mean, come on, let's use some common sense here. If a bunch of people started believing that wearing socks on your hands brings good luck, does that make it a valid belief? Hell no! It just means there are a bunch of gullible fools out there.

Now, before you start attacking me, let me clarify that I actually have respect for the social sciences. I find psychology and anthropology fascinating, but that doesn't mean I'm going to blindly accept every ridiculous notion that comes out of those fields. And let's not even get started on the so-called "intellectual elite." Just because someone has a fancy degree doesn't mean they're always right. In fact, I've met plenty of so-called "intellectuals" who couldn't think their way out of a paper bag.

Look, I get it. We all have different ways of seeing the world. But that doesn't mean we have to accept every crackpot theory that comes along. I mean, seriously, some of you need to apply a little bit of critical thinking here. Just because an idea might be popular or culturally significant doesn't make it true. It's as simple as that.

And please, spare me the whole "evidence-based" argument. Sure, evidence is important, but it's not the end-all, be-all. There are plenty of things in this world that we can't fully explain or understand yet. And guess what? That doesn't mean we should just start believing in every wild theory that gets thrown our way. We need a healthy dose of skepticism and rationality to navigate through this crazy world.

Oh, and don't even get me started on Jared Diamond. Yeah, he's a biologist, not an anthropologist. So what? That doesn't mean his work is irrelevant. In fact, his multidisciplinary approach sheds light on some pretty interesting aspects of human history and culture. Maybe if some of you actually bothered to read his books, you'd learn a thing or two instead of regurgitating the same old tired arguments.

Look, I know I might sound like a complete jerk right now, but I'm just tired of seeing these half-assed ideas being thrown around like they're gospel. Can we please have some intellectual honesty and critical thinking here? It's not that hard, people.

Okay, rant over. I'll step off my soapbox now. Feel free to tear me apart in the comments, but just remember, I won't be swayed by your "socially valid" arguments. I'll stick to good old-fashioned logic and reason, thank you very much.
------
Hey, so I just wanted to share a little story about my past relationship and how it was an absolute shit-show. Like seriously, it was a trainwreck from start to finish. But hey, maybe some of you can relate or have some advice, because lord knows I need all the help I can get.

So here's the deal. I was in this relationship for about a year, and let me tell you, it was a rollercoaster ride right from the beginning. This girl had bipolar disorder, which, I mean, wasn't she just the full package? Not only did I have to deal with her mood swings, but I also had my own mental health issues to deal with. Fun times, right?

Anyway, there was this point where I seriously considered leaving her. She was thinking about going back to her hometown, and for a split second, it felt like the right thing to do. You know, break it off, move on with our lives. But of course, she didn't end up going anywhere. And that's when things really started to go downhill.

She ended up spending two months in a mental hospital, getting electroshock therapy for her bipolar. I mean, it actually seemed to work wonders for her, but that doesn't change the fact that it was a tough time for both of us. I was visiting her every damn week, spending hours on a cramped bus just to be with her. And while all this was happening, my own mental state was deteriorating rapidly. I even had a suicide attempt planned out, which is just fucked up.

But hey, luckily I got myself into therapy and on some meds, which helped me crawl out of that dark hole. By the time she got out of the hospital, I had already burned through all my savings supporting her. I was even borrowing money from my mom, which is just embarrassing as hell. I mean, I still haven't paid her back completely, and it honestly makes me feel like such a failure.

So, we decided to move in together because her bipolar was under control, and we thought that living together would be the best thing ever. Spoiler alert: it wasn't. After everything I had done to help her, she started treating me like shit. Not like before, where it was just her emotions messing with both of us, but this was a whole new level of disrespect.

I was practically friendless at this point, with maybe one or two people I barely talked to. So yeah, I was pretty much alone and stuck dealing with her bullshit. And to top it all off, her old best friend reappeared in her life, and we actually started getting along. I mean, I was just hiding it from her because she was getting super jealous. But I can't help it if I connect with someone better than I do with her, you know?

I finally got a job after being unemployed for what felt like forever, and her reaction when I told her I was hired? A big fat "k". Like seriously, that hurt like a bitch. It was a turning point for me because it made me realize that maybe I deserved happiness and that there are people out there who would treat me better.

Long story short, we eventually broke up. Thank god for that. But even after we split, I still lived with her for a while. I paid rent, slept in the same bed (well, until I couldn't stand it anymore), and even took care of her dog. I couldn't bring myself to leave her out there alone in the world.

But eventually, I realized that none of it really mattered. No matter how much I did for her, it never made a damn difference because she was just wired that way. I couldn't swim against that current, no matter how hard I tried. And you know what? That realization made me stop giving a shit about her. I stopped caring how she felt or what she was doing with her life because it wasn't my responsibility anymore. It wasn't worth obsessing over.

So yeah, that's my story. It's probably a jumbled mess, considering English isn't my first language and I'm exhausted as hell right now. But hey, if any of you want to chat or share your own experiences, hit me up. We can commiserate together.

And oh, by the way, there's this album I recently discovered called "Hospice" by The Antlers. I don't know if you've heard of it, but the lyrics just hit me right in the feels. It's a heartbreakingly brilliant piece of art. So check it out if you're up for it. Start with the song "Kettering" if you want a taste. Trust me, it's worth it.

Alright, I'm out. Peace.
------
LOL, okay so I gotta say, this whole AI thing is pretty hilarious. As an AI programmer myself, let me enlighten you about what's really going on here. Those guys missing their shots on purpose? Yeah, that's no accident. Instant headshots are like a piece of cake for us programmers. I mean, seriously, if you play some simulated billiards against an AI, it could sink every single shot without breaking a sweat.

But here's the real deal with AI like this - it's not about hitting the target, it's about making it miss in a way that seems believable within the game. We want to create a hit/miss ratio that doesn't make players go, "What the hell just happened?" Sure, there are other fancy things we do to make the AI seem more "realistically alive," like pathfinding and stuff, but let's not get into that right now because it's not relevant when they're standing right in front of you and shooting airballs like clowns.

But wait, there's more! What you're witnessing in this scene is clearly not even an attempt at a reasonable hit/miss ratio. And you know what? There's actually a good reason behind it. You see, these programmers have set the AI in a mode where they're just making some noise but not actually trying to hurt anyone. It's like they're playing pretend, waiting for the player to engage with them. It's not a bad idea, especially if the player is constantly on the move. It gives the impression that there are allies around, but you still get all the action. Because let's face it, if the police AI was sniping all your targets, you'd be pissed faster than a cheetah on Red Bull. So the number of allies would have to decrease, or the number of enemies would have to increase, or something along those lines.

Assuming the player is always in motion, this approach is probably good enough. However, as you can clearly see, it looks absolutely ludicrous when the player stops and just watches the AI fail at their attempts to shoot. And that brings us to another tough AI problem - knowing when to switch modes. These guys should obviously be doing something else or at least allowed to hit each other in this scenario. But how the heck do you detect "this scenario"? How do you know if the player is watching or just looking away for a moment? It wouldn't be fun if the AI suddenly turned on you when you weren't expecting it, right? So, are we gonna calculate that the player is facing these guys, they're in the view frustum (fancy term for the player's field of view), and the player hasn't made any aggressive moves for X amount of time?

Yeah, something like that. But trust me, it's gonna eat up some CPU power and require some serious hours from the programmers. That's just how life goes in the world of AI.

Speaking of crazy player behavior, let me tell you about this story the lead designer of God of War shared. He was talking about how players always do these "illogical" things that drive him nuts. For example, at the start of that game, they had this amazing vista with all sorts of cool stuff to draw you forward. But what do most seasoned gamers do? They turn around and run towards the background, trying to jump into the freakin' geometry. I mean, seriously, what is wrong with people?

Now, I can't remember if it was the designer or me who made this next connection, but it's interesting to think about players testing the limits of the new world they're in. They want to see if they die in water, if there's fall damage, if they can climb stuff, if there are secret paths, and all that jazz. It's like being a curious toddler exploring the real world by poking, prodding, and experimenting. And guess what? Every time we dive into a new game or franchise, we go through that same process of exploration.

But here's the catch - it creates a ton of work for designers and programmers who usually only think about gamers playing their precious title the "right" way. Like, why the heck would you run away from all the interesting stuff? Why would Spider-Man just sit there and watch the enemy instead of having a blast smashing their heads in? It doesn't make sense, right?

Now, Nintendo, they've nailed this lately with Breath of the Wild. You won't believe all the stuff you'll never see unless you specifically take the time to sit and watch the enemies doing mundane things like having wordless arguments, picking their noses, or roasting fish. It may seem pointless, but it grounds the game in a way that enemies shooting and missing constantly does not.

So, maybe in a future patch, they'll address this issue and make the AI less dumb. But hey, I totally understand why it's this way, and it's not necessarily bad AI. It's just a design oversight that needs fixing. AI programmers and designers are humans too, you know!

Anyway, that's my two cents on the matter. Peace out!
------
Yo, so I was trying to host a game the other day and ran into this annoying issue with my router. Like, who even needs port forwarding in this day and age, am I right? But apparently, if you're hosting a game, you gotta deal with this crap.

Okay, so here's the deal. When you're browsing the internet, your router sends out requests to servers and gets back pages, right? Easy peasy lemon squeezy. But hosting a game is a whole different story. You're just sitting there, waiting for connections like a server. And guess what? Your router has no clue who the hell those incoming packets are for! So it's like, "Huh? I don't know where to send this. Sorry, can't help you!"

But fear not, my fellow frustrated gamers, because we have port forwarding to save the day! Basically, when you set up a game server, it usually has a specific port it listens for incoming traffic on. So you just tell your router, "Hey, anything coming in on port XYZ is meant for my computer. Send that sh*t straight to me!" And voila, the packet from your buddy's computer gets sent directly to yours, and you can finally make that connection.

Nowadays, we have fancy software like Steam that handles all this communication stuff for us. No more need to mess around with port forwarding like we did back in the Stone Age. Thank goodness for that! I'm not exactly sure how they do it, but hey, I haven't had to forward a damn port since I hosted a Minecraft server like a decade ago.

But seriously, why did it take so long for this change to happen? I think it's because our internet speeds were crap when we first started getting into online gaming. I remember my first cable modem delivering a whopping 280 kbps. Can you believe that? And at the same time, games were getting all fancy with their 3D graphics, demanding faster speeds to keep up. So playing games over the internet just wasn't feasible for a while. We had to resort to those good ol' LAN parties where we
------
Yo, what's up Reddit fam? Just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't resist chiming in. So, apparently there's this whole Kaepernick PR disaster at Nike that people are talking about, and someone called out Mike Rowe for being quiet about it. Well, let me tell you, my dudes, Mike Rowe ain't one to hold back his opinions, so buckle up for the ride.

First off, let me just say that Nike can celebrate whoever the hell they want. It's their company, their brand, and if they think Kaepernick is the face they wanna stick on a billboard, then cool, I guess. But like, seriously, did they really have to do it during this time of year? I mean, come on! There are plenty of other people who deserve that recognition, especially right now.

Mike Rowe actually brought up this guy named Tom Burnett, and let me tell you, this dude is a straight-up hero. You might not know his name, but let me give you a little rundown. So, this guy was on United Flight 93 on September 11, 2001, when it got hijacked by a bunch of terrorists. And get this, he actually had the courage to fight those bastards. Yeah, you heard me right, he fought them!

But here's where it gets even more intense. Tom made some phone calls to his wife, Deena, during the whole ordeal, and those conversations are freaking legendary. I'm not even kidding, guys. He told her about the hijack, the knifed guy, the bombs, all that crazy stuff. And get this, he even said they were planning on crashing the damn plane! Can you imagine the sheer bravery and determination it takes to face death head-on like that? It's mind-blowing!

So, while Nike is busy hyping up Kaepernick's protests, they totally missed the opportunity to honor a real freaking hero like Tom Burnett. This guy was willing to sacrifice his own life to save others, and it happened on that same tragic day that we all remember. It's like they completely forgot about the significance of that event and chose to focus on something else entirely.

Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not saying Kaepernick doesn't have the right to express his opinion. We live in a free country, and everyone has that freedom of speech thingy. But you gotta admit, guys, there's a stark contrast between what Kaepernick stands for and what Tom Burnett represents. One is all about protests and kneeling during the national anthem, while the other is about selflessness, courage, and protecting innocent lives.

So, yeah, Sam Wilder, I hope you're happy with your question because it got Mike Rowe fired up. And honestly, I can't blame him. It's frustrating to see how easily people get caught up in all these controversies, forgetting the real heroes who deserve our respect and admiration. But hey, that's just my two cents on the matter.

Peace out, Reddit peeps! Stay woke and never forget the real heroes like Tom Burnett.
------
Alright folks, gather round because I've got something to say about this whole front brake vs. rear brake debate. I just saw a post where a bunch of people were saying that if you have powerful front brakes, you don't need to bother with the rear brake. Well, let me tell you something, that's a load of bullcrap!

First things first, using your rear brake is crucial for keeping your bike upright. Yeah, you heard me right. When you trail the rear brake into a turn, it provides a steady force that stabilizes the rear of the bike. Even a little bit of pressure on that bad boy will give you a smoother turn every single time. Trust me, you don't want to go flying off into the bushes just because you neglected to use your rear brake.

And let me tell you, parking lots and slippery surfaces are no joke. If you want your bike to resist all those weight movements and be steered more predictably, then you better start using that rear brake. It keeps your bike more vertical and aligned, which is the ultimate goal of all that fancy body lean in the first place. So don't be a lazy bum and start giving your rear brake some love.

Now, here's another reason why the rear brake is important. It prevents your bike from diving and bouncing all over the place. When you grab those front brakes, your weight will compress the forks, causing a slight bounce back after the compression. But guess what? If you apply the rear brake along with it, your swing arm won't go crazy and your bike won't bounce as much. This means you can brake harder and stop like a boss, even if the front brakes are doing most of the work. So don't underestimate the power of the rear brake, my friends.

Oh, and let's not forget about engine braking. If you're slowing down and shifting gears, lightly applying the rear brake will make your bike feel so much more predictable. You don't want any surprises when you're trying to slow down smoothly, do you? That's what I thought.

But that's not all, folks. The rear brake can actually save your sorry ass from lowsiding. Picture this: you're losing grip on the front, and things are getting sketchy. Well, guess what? The rear tire being braked will help straighten out the bike, just like when a spinning car locks its e-brake. It's not a miracle worker, but it can definitely make a difference in certain situations. So don't discount the rear brake when things start going sideways.

Now, I know some of you might be thinking, "But what about fish tailing the rear?" Well, let me break it down for you. Sometimes, you hit oil or crappy pavement, and your rear starts acting up. But if you've spent some quality time with your rear brake and know how it handles, you can actually turn a terrifying situation into a thrilling one. So go ahead, embrace the rear brake and have some fun with it.

And here's a little nugget of wisdom for you all: your bike is constantly trying to fall. Yep, you heard me right. When you're turning and not on the throttle, you better be on the brakes. This keeps the bike from wobbling and picking a side to fall on. Just head to a parking lot, make tighter and tighter turns, and see for yourself how stable your bike is once you're off the gas. Without the throttle, you'll struggle to keep it on the same line. But with a little help from your rear brake and throttle, you'll be able to make tighter and more stable circles. Just remember, don't blame me if you end up eating asphalt!

So here's the deal, folks. There's absolutely no excuse for lazy riding. If you're the kind of person who reads motorcycle tips on Reddit, then you should have the decency to do it right. Using your rear brake will completely transform your riding experience. Your bike will feel different, and you'll have way more confidence in how it handles corners and braking situations. Enough said.

In conclusion, watch "Twist of the Wrist" and experiment with your bike to see how it responds. But for the love of all things two-wheeled, start using your rear brake. It's not just some decorative accessory, it's an essential tool for keeping your bike upright, stable, and safe. So get out there, give that rear brake some attention, and ride like you mean it!
------
Alright, here's my informal and impolite post for you:

Man, I swear feminists just can't stop whining about everything. They claim women are always treated harsher than men, but let me tell you, that's a load of crap. Look at the criminal justice system, for example. There was this study in the UK that showed if women were treated as hard as men, half the damn prisoners would be women. So much for women getting the short end of the stick, huh?

The only time I can think of where women might have it worse is in cases of adultery. Not in today's Western society, mind you, but in the past and in religious nutjob communities. I guess it's because guys are so freaked out about raising another man's kid (some study says it's like being raped, can you believe that?). But let me tell ya, even in those extreme religious societies, besides adultery, women still get off way easier for every other "sin" or crime. Witchcraft might be an exception, but nowadays, Saudi Arabia executes more men for that shit than women.

So, you can imagine my surprise when feminists started crying about female tennis players getting treated unfairly. Turns out, it's a bunch of baloney. Men actually receive more violations. Can you believe that? It's not rocket science, people.

Now, some people might argue that umpires have it out for Serena Williams, not because she's black or a woman, but because she's a nasty piece of work towards them. Apparently, she once threatened to shove a ball down the "fucking throat" of a female umpire after a foot fault. Classy, right? But let's be real, even that argument doesn't hold up. This dude McEnroe got disqualified from the Australian Open for acting the same way. If anything, Serena was treated too leniently by not being kicked out for her little temper tantrum.

The truth is, feminists cry "sexism" about every damn thing, even when it's the complete opposite. It's such a messed up thing to do, singling out a guy just doing his damn job and accusing him of being a horrible person. They're just abusing their social power as women, plain and simple.

The US media has been such a disgrace by backing Serena and basically supporting her poor sportsmanship. Do you honestly think they would do the same if a male player spent ten minutes berating an umpire, calling him a liar and a thief? Hell no! Only a couple of articles, like this one from the New York Post, have had the balls to report the situation honestly.

I'll end this with the words of Greg Rusedski, a former tennis player who reached a ranking of number 4 in the ATP. He said, and I quote, "the cries of 'sexism' surrounding the Serena Williams story are a red herring. This is about personalities, not about gender. The vast majority of players know when to stop arguing with an umpire. But a couple of high-profile names have had trouble in this area: Williams on three different occasions at the US Open, and John McEnroe on a far more regular basis. The precedents are clear. If you keep raging away, it ends badly."

So there you have it folks, the truth about Serena and the so-called sexism. Don't believe the hype, people.
------
Hey y'all, I gotta get something off my chest. I've been exploring different perspectives on Christianity, and let me tell you, it ain't been an easy ride. So, here's the deal. When it comes to Young Earth Creationism (YEC), I see a boatload of folks being all gung-ho about it, but where are the alternative churches? Where are the radio stations willing to have an open discussion? It seems like anything outside of YEC is treated like some fringe belief only found on Reddit or a handful of blogs.

Now, I ain't no expert, but I see two possibilities here. Stick with me, folks. Option number one: there's a whole worldwide conspiracy going on between Satan and the scientific community. They're out here planting dinosaur bones and messing with carbon dating just to throw us off track. Or, option number two: maybe the Bible just wasn't meant to be a scientific textbook.

Now, call me crazy, but I'm leaning towards option number two. It just seems more logical, you know? Occam's razor and all that jazz. But every time I bring up anything remotely scientific around my Christian friends, it's like they go straight to option number one. And let me tell you, it's frustrating AF. So, I've learned to zip it and keep my questions to myself. That doesn't exactly make finding a community of fellow Christians a walk in the park.

I'm fairly new to this whole Christianity thing, trying to pray and study every day, but this #1 scenario just sounds plain silly to me. Like, did the stories in the Bible, written thousands of years ago, really intend to give us a deep understanding of the world? I mean, the Bible doesn't mention cells, and I highly doubt Satan snuck into everyone's microscope and messed with their eyesight.

Look, I don't wanna be disrespectful or push away the few Christian friends I have, but it's hella tough when I can't even bring up these questions without getting shut down or sent links to some wackadoo conspiracy site. I had this one family give me a whole list of "non-negotiable truths" of being a Christian, and it basically boiled down to unquestioning belief in the Bible (biblical inerrancy). So, does that mean if you dare to question, you ain't a Christian? And what about my Mormon and Catholic friends? Are they just doomed to hell?

I'm lost, y'all. Is my soul being held hostage by Satan 'cause I don't buy into the science conspiracy? Do I have to believe in this nonsense to be saved? I always thought it was about accepting Jesus as my savior. And here's the kicker: I wanna raise my future kids to be good Christians, but I also wanna teach them about how the world actually works. Ya know, science and stuff. I don't think those things should be mutually exclusive, but according to the Christians I know in person, they are. It's like they think that science means rejecting God.

So, here I am, pouring my heart out on Reddit, hoping someone out there can help me out. What the heck should I believe? Can I find a balance between faith and science? Or am I doomed to wander this confusing road alone? Man, I sure hope someone's got some answers 'cause I'm tired of feeling like the odd one out. Peace out, y'all.
------
Look, I get it. Dating apps may work for some people, and that's great. But let's not ignore the fact that they can also be toxic for many individuals out there. Just because you haven't heard anyone complain about dating apps doesn't mean they don't have their downsides.

For starters, dating apps can be incredibly superficial. It's all about swiping left or right based on someone's appearance. Sure, physical attraction is important, but it shouldn't be the sole basis for choosing a partner. People's personalities, values, and interests matter too, you know?

And let's not forget about the never-ending options on these apps. It's like a buffet of potential partners, and it can easily lead to a "grass is greener on the other side" mentality. Constantly wondering if there's someone better out there can prevent people from truly committing and investing in a relationship. It's a never-ending cycle of dissatisfaction.

Not to mention the ghosting phenomenon. People on dating apps seem to have no problem just disappearing without any explanation. It's rude and hurtful. Imagine putting yourself out there, opening up, and then being met with complete silence. It can really mess with your self-esteem and make you question your worth.

And what about the pressure to constantly be available and responsive? Dating apps have created this expectation that you need to be constantly checking your phone for messages, replying within seconds, and being at someone's beck and call. It's exhausting and takes away from genuine connections.

Now, I understand that there are alternative ways to meet people outside of dating apps. You mentioned nightclubs, bars, and events  and yes, they can be great places to meet potential partners. But let's not pretend that it's easy for everyone. Not everyone feels comfortable in those environments, and not everyone has the opportunity to go out and socialize as much as they would like.

As for your comment about jobs, yes, people can change jobs if they absolutely have to. But the reality is that not everyone has the luxury of finding a "good job" in this economy. You mentioned living in Greece, and I can only imagine how tough it must be to find stable employment there. It's not as simple as just switching careers.

And let's be clear, finding a romantic partner is not the be-all and end-all of life. Some people prioritize their careers, hobbies, or personal growth over relationships, and that's perfectly valid. Just because someone is single doesn't mean they're defective or missing out on something. It's important to respect different life choices and not judge others based on their relationship status.

Furthermore, your assumptions about single individuals in their 30s, 40s, or even older are unfair and ridiculous. Just because someone hasn't been married or is still single doesn't automatically mean there's something wrong with them. People have different paths in life, and it's not our place to make sweeping generalizations about their motivations or character.

In conclusion, while dating apps may work for some, it's crucial to acknowledge that they can also have negative aspects. Let's not dismiss the experiences of those who have encountered toxicity or difficulties in the realm of online dating. And let's also remember that being single is not synonymous with failure or deficiency. We should all strive for empathy and understanding when discussing matters of the heart.
------
Hey y'all, just wanted to vent for a sec about the whole gay marriage situation and the Catholic Church. Like seriously, what is their deal? So apparently, the church is all like, "Oh, being gay is a sin, but we love ya anyway." Um, excuse me, but isn't that just a fancy way of saying they discriminate against homosexuals? I mean, come on, they're basically saying being gay is wrong, but hey, you're still welcome to join our big ol' church. Talk about mixed messages!

And let's not even get started on their so-called "reasoning" behind it. Supposedly, it's because being gay is "unnatural". I mean, really? That's their argument? Okay, let me break it down for you. Yeah, I get it, humans reproduce through heterosexual means, blah blah blah. But here's the thing, just because something doesn't lead to reproduction doesn't automatically make it wrong or unnatural. Last time I checked, we're not cavemen anymore, and we've moved past the whole "reproduce at all costs" mentality. So why are they so fixated on this?

Oh, and don't even get me started on the whole "beard shaving and eating pork" thing. Apparently, according to some passage in the Bible, those things are banned too. But guess what? Most priests and even the Pope himself shave! So either they're all living in sin or the church conveniently picks and chooses which parts of the Bible they want to follow. Hypocrisy much?

Speaking of hypocrisy, let's not forget about the whole child abuse scandal. I mean, seriously, how can anyone continue to support an organization that protects pedophiles? It's beyond messed up. And before you go defending the church, let me remind you that this isn't just some conspiracy theory or made-up story. It's a well-documented fact that the church has covered up these abuses and protected those responsible. And yet they have the nerve to preach about morality and righteousness? Give me a break.

And then there's the money issue. Tithing, donations, whatever you want to call it. Look, I'm all for supporting causes you believe in, but when it comes to giving my hard-earned cash to an organization that promotes discrimination and covers up child abuse, count me out. And before you say, "Oh, tithing isn't required," let me just say that the church sure seems to expect it. They pass around that collection basket every Sunday like it's nobody's business. But hey, if you still want to support them, go ahead, but just know that your money is going towards some seriously messed up stuff.

In the end, it's just frustrating to see so many people blindly following the church without questioning their actions. It's like they're wearing blinders or something, refusing to see the truth. Well, let me tell you, the truth isn't always pretty, but it's important to face it head-on. We can't just brush off the church's wrongdoings or pretend they don't exist. We need to hold them accountable and demand change.

So yeah, that's just my two cents on the whole Catholic Church and gay marriage debacle. It's a hot mess, and I can't fathom how anyone with an ounce of compassion can continue to support such an institution. But hey, that's just me. Feel free to disagree, but please, let's have a respectful and open discussion about it. Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Hey peeps, I gotta vent about this situation with my girlfriend. So we've been together for about a year now, and when we first started dating, everything seemed cool. She was around my weight, which is 6ft and 180 pounds, and I didn't really care about that stuff anyway. But, lately, things have taken a turn for the worse.

Okay, so she told me she has an eating disorder, but honestly, I'm skeptical. I mean, she chugs Dr. Peppers like it's her job and eats more Oreos than I knew were physically possible. It's starting to really piss me off. We even talked about losing weight together at one point, but while I actually made an effort and shed some pounds, she just kept gaining. And don't even get me started on her excuses, like blaming her medication for her lack of progress. It's just straight-up BS.

Last summer, she hit a whopping 240 pounds, and she has the audacity to lie to my face about trying to lose weight. I mean, come on, I can see the opposite effect happening right before my eyes! It's just mind-boggling. And the worst part is that I quit smoking for her, thinking it would give me some extra motivation to get healthier or at least not gain any more weight. But guess what? She still can't resist a sugary Dr. Pepper for one goddamn day. It's ridiculous.

I'm not embarrassed to be seen with her because of her weight or anything, but it's just embarrassing to watch her knock back soda after soda during a meal. And all she talks about is food, like trying out different restaurants or whatever. It's infuriating, and it's gotten to a point where I don't even bother having meaningful conversations with her anymore. I literally counted how many times the waiter had to refill her glass during dinner once because I was so bored listening to her talk about food.

So, she went away to college, and then Hurricane Florence hit (we live in North Carolina, by the way). Her family decided to go to Ohio for a few weeks to escape the storm, but she stopped by for a night to visit me. And guess what? She managed to gain even more weight during that time. Oh, and she made sure to tell me about how they had to eat fast food every single day while they were there. Like, seriously? Is she not capable of making healthier choices or something?

Now she's back at college, and I'm ashamed to admit that I've taken up smoking again behind her back. I know it's not the best coping mechanism, but I just can't handle the frustration anymore. I mean, I care about her, but this whole situation is making me miserable. I've tried to get her to work out, but she claims she has physical issues. And don't even get me started on dieting; she says it messes with her vitamin levels or some crap. Honestly, I'm not a nutritionist, so I don't know if that's true or not, but it sounds like a load of nonsense to me.

Bottom line, I'm unhappy. Every time I see a can of soda, I just want to scream. And I chain smoke even more than before. So, is there any chance I can fix this without being a complete jerk to her? I know I'm being shallow, but relationships are supposed to be a give and take, right? Ugh, I need some advice here. Help a frustrated dude out.
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I've been lurking on this subreddit for a while now, and I gotta say, you guys really crack me up sometimes. I mean, seriously, what's up with all these apologists? It's like they have nothing better to do than defend their precious beliefs.

I remember stumbling upon some videos on YouTube back in 2012, where guys like Hitchens, Harris, and Dawkins were tearing apart these religious folks on stage. It was like watching a bunch of monkeys trying to juggle. Pathetic, really. And you know what? I wanted a piece of that action too.

So, being the curious cat that I am, I decided to engage in some discussions and debates with the believers at my naval command. Let me tell you, it was a disaster. I realized pretty quickly that I didn't have a single original thought in my head. I was just regurgitating the arguments I had seen online. Man, it was embarrassing. I felt like a parrot with no feathers.

But hey, I didn't let that stop me. I took it upon myself to dive deep into the Bible. Spent years reading that thing cover to cover. And you know what? It didn't impress me. Not one bit.

I mean, come on, if this is supposed to be the cultural chronicle of the Hebrews, then fine. It makes sense in that context. It's just their version of history, their attempt to explain stuff. But when you compare it to the records of other civilizations, it falls flat on its face.

This book is so focused on the Hebrews and their little corner of the world that it completely ignores everything else. Like, seriously, zero mention of any other civilizations or cultures out there. It's like the Hebrews were the only people who mattered. Talk about self-centeredness.

And don't even get me started on Genesis. That's supposed to be the foundation of it all, right? Well, guess what? By the fourth chapter, we've already covered all the major events, apparently. There are only four people on Earth, and then one gets murdered and the remaining three are marked by God. Sounds like something a human made up, doesn't it?

And get this, the guy who committed the murder flees to the east and BAM! He finds a whole population waiting for him. What kind of nonsense is that? This book couldn't explain reality even if it tried.

Look, I'm not trying to drop the mic here because I'm not some arrogant prick. In real life, discussions are long and messy. But hey, if you're not already labeling me as an annoying, unoriginal, or boring douchebag, I'd be more than happy to engage in some debates with you guys. Who knows, maybe I'll become the next big internet debate personality. Just kidding, I have better things to do. But still, it could be fun.

Anyway, thanks for taking the time to read my rant. I appreciate it, even if I may have offended some of you. Remember, it's all in good fun. Peace out!
------
Alright, listen up folks. I stumbled upon this post and I gotta say, your version of soul here is seriously lacking. Like, come on, have you not heard of idealist philosophers? Maybe try reading a book or two and educate yourself.

And don't even get me started on your attempt to prove free will wrong with that half-baked thought experiment. Seriously, it's weak sauce. Just because you couldn't prove me wrong doesn't mean I'm right, but guess what? Free will is still possible. Take that!

You claim that self-determinism fails logically, but have you actually thought critically about it? I mean, seriously? In your precious little thought experiment, what determines your super-computer? A human? The laws of physics? Something? There has to be a first cause, right? You can't just keep going back forever. So, logically speaking, there has to be a first cause that is self-determined. Boom!

Your entire thought experiment is flawed from the get-go, my friend. Starting with a super-computer? Really? That's like presupposing materialism/naturalism. And the fact that you can't see that just shows how oblivious you are to your own axioms. Wake up, buddy!

Let me give you a simple example to wrap your narrow mind around: I can always start differently. I can start the way everything actually starts, with experience and consciousness. We experience stuff that we can't control, but we also have goals. And those goals are all about gaining more control over our experiences. Take hunger, for instance. We experience it, and we want to change that experience. Simple as that.

So, what do we do? We create useful concepts to achieve those goals. Like the concept of objective reality. It's just a tool we use to get what we want. It's called pragmatism, and it's totally logical. It only requires a few self-evident axioms and it's built on the idea of free will.

Think about it, dude. Everything we do, think, or call truth could be based on concepts we create to gain control over our experiences. It all starts with some kind of free will. But hey, you can't have a concept that contradicts the axioms you started with. Simple logic, my friend.

Now, I know this might blow your tiny little materialistic mind, but there are actually other philosophical worldviews out there. Yeah, crazy, right? Your little experiment doesn't mean squat when compared to the alternative I just showed you. And trust me, there are tons of other examples out there too.

So, go ahead and stick with your old-fashioned, narrow-minded ontological worldview. That's fine by me. Your lame conclusions may sound logical to you (even though I'm not convinced yet, 'cause you seem to mix up predictability and determinance), but just remember, you ain't the only game in town, pal. There are plenty of other philosophical perspectives to consider.

Mic drop.
------
Yo, what's up fellow gamers? So, I've been seeing a ton of posts about this issue on this subreddit lately and it's got me wondering: why the hell does this crap happen so damn often in our games? And seriously, why the hell aren't these asshats getting punished for it? I mean, it's like a frickin' epidemic, especially on the US East server (if you're immortal ranked or watch those high MMR NA/SA streamers, you know exactly what I'm talking about). But let's not kid ourselves, this problem exists on other servers too.

First off, these intentional feeders are sly little bastards who manage to avoid getting reported way too damn often. And let's be real here, this applies to players at any MMR bracket. I mean, come on, 3 reports a week? That's a freakin' joke! Especially considering how many games those top-tier players grind out in a single day. I don't know about you, but if someone's out there ruining a game every single day but manages to only get reported once, they're basically untouchable. Valve seriously needs to distribute reports based on the number of games played, not some arbitrary weekly limit. And to make matters worse, they base punishments on the number of reports received over a certain number of games, rather than within a specific timeframe. Like, what the actual fuck?

But hey, the problem gets even gnarlier when it comes to the highest MMR games. I mean, seriously, the report cooldown is so damn long that by the time you can report someone for intentionally losing a game, they've probably already ruined two more matches on your team. It's absolute bullshit! And don't even get me started on the poor souls who take one for the team and abandon the match because of some jackass griefer. Guess what? We can't even report those griefers unless we stick around until the entire game ends, which is total bullshit! Like seriously, why should we suffer through a lost cause just to have a chance at reporting the prick who ruined our game? It makes no goddamn sense!

And let's not forget about those edgelords out there who actually name themselves shit like "IWillFeedIfXIsOnMyTeam." I mean, what the fuck is that? These assholes know damn well that reporting them won't do shit, so they resort to ruining another game just to "get back" at their teammates. Like, seriously, is that the only way these idiots know how to "punish" other players? It's like a never-ending cycle of toxicity and ruining games. And even the most notorious game ruiners barely even get put in low priority, let alone getting a frickin' ban. I'm talking about jerks like Liangy, Nikitta, Geza, Sladin, Lucifer Morningstar, Bloody Nine, and Leostyle on US East. These guys are practically infamous for their serial griefing and yet nothing gets done about it. It's frickin' ridiculous!

Oh, and here's another kick in the balls for you: behavior score doesn't mean jack shit when it comes to matchmaking in the immortal bracket. Yeah, you heard me right. In every other MMR bracket, behavior score actually affects who you get matched up with, but not in the immortal bracket. Like, what the actual fuck? So basically, even the biggest, most obnoxious griefers out there can just waltz into their games as long as their MMR is high enough. It's a total shitshow, especially on EU servers where there are even more players. I have no clue how we can fix this without screwing up queue times, but someone needs to address this issue ASAP.

So there you have it, folks. This is why we're stuck dealing with these assholes ruining our games left and right. Valve's system for punishing these scumbags is a complete joke, and it's seriously impacting our gaming experience. Something needs to change, and it needs to change fast. Otherwise, we'll keep on seeing these trolls and griefers infest our matches and turn Dota 2 into a cesspool of toxicity. It's time to step up, Valve, and show us that you actually give a shit about the community. Peace out.
------
Wow, okay. I see where you're coming from, but I think you're missing some crucial points here. First of all, let's address your claim that restricting the definition of "higher education" to universities is silly. Well, actually, it makes perfect sense. When we talk about higher education, we are specifically referring to education beyond high school, which is typically provided by universities and colleges. It's not about excluding other forms of education or skills, it's just a way to categorize and differentiate the levels of education.

Now, when you mention that only a small percentage of people in Britain could read and write during a certain time period, I agree. Education was not widely accessible back then, especially for the lower classes. However, that doesn't really have much to do with the definition of higher education. It's more of a reflection of the state of education overall during that time.

Moving on to your point about skilled trades being a route out of poverty, sure, that may have been true for many people. But again, we're talking about higher education here, not just any form of education or training. Skilled trades are important and valuable, but they fall under a different category altogether. They are considered vocational or technical education, which focuses on teaching specific skills for a particular trade or occupation.

Regarding women in trade guilds, it's great to hear that there were female master craftsmen in various fields. However, this doesn't negate the fact that during that time period, women were largely limited in their opportunities for education and professional growth. It's important to acknowledge the historical context and the social barriers that women faced in accessing higher education or pursuing professions outside of traditional gender roles.

You mention that women from well-off families had the option of learning household management and networking skills, which could be taught in finishing schools or through private tutors. While that may be true, those skills are not equivalent to higher education. They are more focused on preparing women for their roles as wives and mothers, which was the societal expectation at the time. It's not fair to compare that to the academic and intellectual rigor that universities offer.

Yes, coverture was a discriminatory legal concept that placed greater financial responsibility on men. It's unfortunate that women did not have equal rights and obligations under the law. However, that doesn't mean we should dismiss the importance of higher education or undermine its significance. It's about recognizing the value of education and striving for equality and access for all, regardless of gender or social status.

In conclusion, while it's important to acknowledge the historical context and the limitations that women faced in accessing higher education, it's also crucial to understand the specific definition and purpose of higher education. It's not about excluding other forms of education or skills, but about recognizing the unique role that universities play in providing advanced academic and intellectual training. Let's focus on advocating for equal access to education for all, rather than belittling the concept of higher education itself.
------
Hey, so I was just scrolling through this subreddit and I gotta say, I'm not really impressed with the tea being spilled here. Like seriously, most of these things are old news or just insignificant. Who cares if Rebecca came off as fake? Newsflash, most reality TV contestants are fake to some extent. And Ongina leaving for a court hearing? I mean, come on, give us some real drama here.

And people sneaking out at night to hang together? Wow, what a scandal! Who would have thought that contestants on a reality show would want to hang out and bond with each other? And Pas getting them tacos? Yeah, that's riveting stuff right there. Can we please move on to something more juicy?

Oh, and Tammie doing two takes of break the dawn because she didn't like the song? Good for her. I mean, who wants to jump through hoops for their entertainment? But let's be honest, Tammie's decision-making skills have always been questionable, so this doesn't really surprise me.

And seriously, Ongina thinking Rebecca is working in retail again? Yeah, I'm sure Rebecca is devastated by that groundbreaking revelation. And Shannel's headpiece falling off on purpose? Well, I guess we can add that to the list of things Shannel did for attention.

Michelle Williams calling Akashia a messy man? Okay, that's mildly entertaining, I'll give you that. But let's be real, nobody really cares about Akashia anymore. Sorry, not sorry.

And Porkchop pushing to be on All Stars 2? Ugh, please, spare us the desperation. Just because you want to be on a show doesn't mean you deserve to be on it. And I'm not surprised she got crushed when she didn't get invited. Maybe she should take a hint and retire gracefully.

Oh, and the whole thing about big names turning down the show? Honestly, who cares? RuPaul's Drag Race has made its mark without those big names, so their loss, really.

And the original concept for the show being drag queens and their assistants? Thank God they changed that last minute. Can you imagine how boring that would have been? We want drama, we want shade, we want fierce competition. No offense to the assistants, but they wouldn't have brought that same level of excitement.

Okay, now let's talk about some real tea. Ru telling the cast of season 4 to keep their fucking wigs and shoes on? Finally, something worth discussing! I mean, we all know those queens love taking off their wigs and shoes for a dramatic effect, so it's nice to see Ru cracking the whip.

And Michelle pointing to Willam as an example to others? Honey, Willam is in a league of her own. She's a trailblazer, a rule-breaker, and a queen who knows how to play the game. So yeah, take note, girls.

Shannel thanking Willam and Alaska for showing that drag queens don't have to be pretty? Now that's some serious shade. I can just imagine Shannel saying it with that signature smile of hers, dripping with sarcasm. Bravo, Shannel, bra-fucking-vo.

And Santino being bothered? Well, that's a shocker. Just kidding, it's not. Santino is always bothered about something. Can we please get someone else to judge the runway looks? I'm tired of his same old critiques.

Alright, I think I've ranted enough for one post. Hopefully, the next time I visit this subreddit, there will be some real tea to spill. Until then, keep it dramatic, keep it shady, and keep it interesting. Peace out!
------
Hey guys, I just had the most ridiculous and frustrating experience, and I can't believe I'm actually posting about it here. So, last week, I come home from my work trip and my wife tells me that there's something up with our daughter. Now, keep in mind, I'm a casual dad who is clueless about anything medical, so this already set off some alarm bells.

I check out my daughter, Beth, and she's got a couple of bug bites on her face and one of her eyelids is drooping. She seems fine otherwise, so I don't panic just yet. Fast forward to the next day when I'm off work, and her eye is even worse. It's practically closed and all red. So, I do what any responsible parent would do and call the doctor.

We rush to the doctor's office, and as we're checking in, this receptionist I've never seen before looks at my daughter and goes, "Oh my goodness, what happened?" Now, I should've just given a normal response, but being the awkward person that I am, I blurt out a joke about her getting out of line. Yeah, I know, not my finest moment.

Everyone chuckles, but little did I know, this innocent joke would land me in the middle of a freaking police investigation. The doctor comes back in after a few minutes and says that the police would like to talk to me. And let me tell you, this guy is mad. So we all head into his office, where the police are waiting.

At first, the policewoman tries to make small talk with my daughter, asking if she wants to read a book in another room. Now, you guys won't believe this, but my daughter has some irrational fear of the police because her older brother used to threaten her with them. So of course, she refuses and clings to me for dear life.

And guess what? The police actually agree that it's better if she's in another room. I mean, seriously? I see one of Beth's cheer coaches bring her son in, and I mention that she might still be there to watch my daughter. The doctor checks and turns out she is, so Beth goes to sit with her in the waiting room.

Now, here's where things take a turn for the worse. The police explain that they received a report of possible child abuse. Are you freaking kidding me? The doctor explains that it's just a misunderstanding and shows them that he just examined my daughter and there's no abuse whatsoever. But it turns out that the receptionist is the one who reported it.

The doctor is furious, rightfully so, and says he thinks he has to fire her. Apparently, this isn't the first time she's caused trouble. Last week, her bad judgment led to his whole practice and the executive park being closed for four hours. And to top it all off, now his neighbors hate him. Can you believe this shit?

So now, the police feel bad and apologize, but they still need to conduct a full investigation. They ask if I can come down to the station, and you can only imagine the panic and stress this is causing me. I call my wife, and let me tell you, she loses her shit. And if that wasn't enough, the county attorney suggests that I sign an agreement to stay away from my daughter until the investigation is closed to avoid a freaking restraining order.

So here I am, staying at my brother's place for the weekend, and I've scheduled a pointless business trip just to get away from all this madness. I miss my family, I miss my bed, and I can't wait for this nightmare to be over. All because I made a bad joke and some overly dramatic receptionist decided to blow it out of proportion.

Anyways, that's my rant for today. Thanks for listening, guys. And to all the kind strangers out there, thanks for the gold. Seriously, I appreciate it. Oh, and for those of you calling me an idiot, well, you're probably right. But hey, shit happens, right? Hopefully, everything will be resolved soon and I can finally go back to my normal life.
------
Look, I get it. You want to defend EA and their decisions, but let's be real here. They messed up big time. And it's not just with the cancellation of the Star Wars game, it's with their whole mindset towards single player games.

First off, let me address the whole "economically viable" argument. EA claimed that single player games are no longer economically viable because people don't like linear games anymore. Well, newsflash EA, God of War begs to differ. It's a single player game and it's currently the best-selling game of the year. So clearly, there is still a market for single player titles. The problem isn't with the genre, it's with EA and their lackluster efforts.

And speaking of lackluster efforts, has EA even released anything new this year yet? Sure, they made billions in revenue last year, but what have they done with that money? It seems like they're just sitting on it and not putting any effort into creating quality games. Madden 19 may have broken some digital sales record, but let's compare that to God of War. In just one month, God of War sold over 3 million copies on a single platform. Madden can't even come close to that. So, don't tell me that multiplayer games are where all the money is at. Clearly, God of War proves otherwise.

But let's get back to the main point here. EA is trying to blame the market for their own failures. They're looking for a scapegoat instead of taking responsibility for their shoddy business practices. They're a company that is releasing fewer games each year, firing employees left and right, and yet, still making more and more money. It's clear that they're just out for a quick buck. They buy big licenses, slap together some mediocre game, and then rely on microtransactions to make up for their lack of effort. It's a cheap, lazy tactic that insults gamers everywhere.

So, no, I'm not going to give EA a pass. I'm not going to make excuses for them. They're a dogshit company that is ruining the gaming industry. They're the epitome of greed and laziness. And as gamers, we need to hold them accountable. We need to demand better from them. We deserve quality games that are made with passion and care, not half-assed money grabs.

In conclusion, EA is in the wrong here. Single player games are still economically viable, as proven by the success of God of War. EA is just using it as an excuse to cover up their own failures. They're a company that cares more about making money than creating memorable gaming experiences. And as gamers, we should not settle for that. We should demand better and support companies that actually put in the effort. EA, you need to step up your game or get out of the way.
------
Dude, can you give a little more context with your post? What subreddit are you even on? You're just throwing a bunch of random sources out there without any explanation. Are you trying to prove a point or something?

I don't know who this G. Edward Griffin dude is, but it seems like he's into some pretty controversial stuff. The Wikipedia page you're quoting from says he's into conspiracy theories and all kinds of crazy ideas. I mean, questioning the existence of HIV/AIDS? Thinking cancer can be cured with some food compound? That's some next-level thinking right there.

And what's this about him making a documentary about Noah's Ark? Is he trying to prove it's real or something? I can't even with this guy. It just sounds like a bunch of nonsense to me. I'd rather watch cat videos on YouTube than waste my time on that kind of stuff.

It looks like this G. Edward Griffin guy has written a bunch of books too. People actually buy this stuff? I guess there's a market for every kind of crazy idea out there. Some people just love a good conspiracy theory, I guess. But seriously, who even believes this stuff?

I did a quick search on this guy, and it seems like he's linked to the John Birch Society. That's another group with some pretty questionable views. They're all about limiting government and fighting against communism. I'm not saying I'm a fan of big government, but these guys take it to the extreme. And now they're organizing secret meetings on Jekyll Island? That's some shady stuff right there.

Honestly, I don't buy into any of this conspiracy theory stuff. It's just not my cup of tea. I'd rather focus on things that actually matter, like the latest video game releases or the best places to get tacos in town. Life's too short to spend it worrying about secret societies and hidden agendas.

But hey, to each their own, right? If you're into this G. Edward Griffin guy and his theories, more power to you. Just don't try to convert me to the cause, because I'm not buying it. I'll stick to my cat videos and delicious tacos, thank you very much.

Anyway, I hope you find what you're looking for with all these sources you shared. Maybe there are some people out there who will find it interesting. As for me, I'll be over here, enjoying my simple pleasures and avoiding anything that sounds remotely like a conspiracy theory.

Peace out, Reddit. Stay weird.
------
Alright, let's get this straight. I can't believe we're still talking about this crap. Seriously, it's been going on for ages, probably even longer than I care to think about. But of course, everyone only cares when it's happening now. 

And why the hell do you think I'm attacking your precious religion? When did you even mention it? Are you a Baptist? A Protestant? A member of the Church of Latter Day Saints? Come on, man, don't assume that everyone should just know what you believe in because it's such a big part of your society or whatever.

Oh, and how was I off-topic? Don't twist things to fit your own agenda. OP said something that has actually been proven, and you had to go and attack him for it. I just called you out on your bullcrap because people who can't handle the truth always lash out at the ones speaking it. What the hell did you think we were even talking about? The latest gossip in some fancy tea party?

"You wanted to make an off-topic joke specifically targeting the worst parts of my faith." Well, guess what? There are plenty of terrible things about religions in general. Indoctrinating children, discriminating against gay people, trying to stick your noses into government affairs, cherry-picking verses to push your own damn agendas, thinking you're somehow better than others instead of just being different, using religion as an excuse for violence, and let's not forget those clergymen who abuse their power. But hey, to me, the worst part is brainwashing innocent kids and not letting them decide for themselves.

And don't give me that crap about making a joke related to the topic. What topic? Plus, it's not some "hot-button issue" like you claim. It's been going on for at least 40 freaking years if my memory serves me right.

"You wanted to make it about this just because you saw the word 'Catholic'." Who the hell even mentioned Catholicism? Sounds like you've got some deep-seated issues or a persecution complex if you're assuming the whole world is against the biggest corporate religion ever.

So, if you really want to discuss it, fine. But take it to the appropriate places instead of trying to dig into someone just because they mentioned their religion in passing. It's pathetic how you keep bringing it up like your religion is some oppressed minority. Just accept that there's some messed up stuff in your religious beliefs and move the hell on. No need to get all defensive and take jabs at people who bring it up, because trust me, it needs to be brought up. We need to stay vigilant and acknowledge the fact that even priests can be terrible people. Being part of a religious institution doesn't automatically make them saints, you know? So, give it a rest, mate.

Phew, that felt good to get off my chest. Now I can go back to scrolling through this subreddit and finding something actually interesting to read. Peace out, folks!
------
So, I was at my neighbor's house today, just shooting the breeze and trying to build a friendship, ya know? These guys seemed pretty cool, and I was hoping we could become tight buddies or something.

After a few hours of casual banter, nature called, and I felt the urge to take a dump. No biggie, right? So, I politely asked if I could use their bathroom, and that's when they hit me with the news - the light in there was busted. But hey, no problem, I thought. I'll just use my trusty phone flashlight to make sure I don't leave any surprises behind.

I walk into the bathroom, ready for the routine: scroll through Reddit, try to keep the whole process as discreet as possible - you know the drill. But then, things took a turn for the worse during the wiping stage. Brace yourselves, because shit's about to get real.

I start off with my first wipe, usual stuff. Check it out with the light, and yep, definitely gonna need a few more rounds. But then, horror struck. My flashlight illuminated the toilet paper, revealing a sight that would send chills down the spine of even the bravest soul. Imagine a black snake-like creature coiled around my hand, and you have a glimpse of the terror I experienced.

I let out a scream that could wake the dead. Seriously, it was like a banshee shriek from the deepest, darkest depths of hell. In my panic-induced frenzy, I managed to somehow break the damn toilet seat, and my ass took an unexpected dive into the bowl. At this point, I was in pure survival mode, flailing around like a madman, desperately trying to locate this demonic ass intruder. But alas, it vanished into thin air.

Meanwhile, my neighbors were outside the door, freaking out, thinking I was having a heart attack, seizure, or maybe even a stroke in their bathroom. But guess what? I couldn't have cared less. I mean, my insides were being ravaged by an extraterrestrial species. The last thing on my mind was what they thought of me.

After about 45 seconds of frantic searching, I slowly started regaining my senses. If there really was something living inside my anus, where the fuck did it go? That's when I glanced down and felt an overwhelming wave of embarrassment wash over me like a tsunami.

Turns out, that slimy, slithering, black worm-like entity wasn't a parasite at all. It was just my hoodie string. That's right, people. I had just destroyed my neighbor's toilet, screamed like a caveman on crack, and flung my body around like a deranged octopus all because of a goddamn hoodie string.

By now, my neighbor's concerned tone had transformed into a "what the fuck is going on in there?" expression. And honestly, I didn't blame them. I tried to come up with some sort of explanation, but all that came out was a pitiful "I... I'm so... sorry." I was scared shitless to open that bathroom door, but I knew I had to face the music.

And what awaited me on the other side was a tableau that would make even the most jaded reality TV show producers gasp in astonishment. It was like a family that won a free trip to the zoo, only to be tricked and transported to an insane asylum instead. They stared at me, mouths agape, while I returned their gaze, covered in shit water, with a face that screamed "I just survived the fucking Holocaust."

I didn't know what to say, so I just stuttered, "I'll see myself out." And you know what? They didn't even respond. I sheepishly waddled my shitty self out the door, feeling like a total loser.

Now, not only do I have to figure out how to fix their broken toilet, but I also have to confront the fact that every time I see these people, I'll be haunted by memories of that fateful day. I am but a shell of the man I once was, forever changed by this horrifying experience.

TL;DR: I mistook my hoodie string for an ass parasite, destroyed my neighbor's toilet, and left their house with my dignity in shambles. I'm a lost cause, folks.
------
Hey guys, I gotta rant about this ridiculous situation I found myself in recently. So last Sunday, my buddy and I decided to treat ourselves to a fancy-ish restaurant. Now, just to give you some background, we've always split the bill whenever we go out together. It's been that way since frickin' 7th grade, so it's not like this is some new concept for us.

Anyway, we sit down, order our food, nothing out of the ordinary. But then my friend goes and decides to order a freaking $126 bottle of wine. Like seriously, who does that? And to make matters worse, she didn't even finish the darn thing! Now, I'll admit, I used to be a pretty heavy drinker, but I've been trying to cut back lately. So when she offered me some, I politely declined. I didn't want to risk falling off the wagon and ending up plastered.

Fast forward to Tuesday morning and I get this freakin' payment request on Venmo from my friend. She wants me to cough up $65 for the wine! I message her thinking it's some kind of mistake, but nope, she's dead serious. Here's how the conversation played out (translated from our usual Italian convo):

Me: "Hey, did you send me that payment request by accident?"

Her: "No, no."

Me: "Um, okay. What's it for then?"

Her: "The wine from Sunday. I ordered a bottle for both of us, remember?"

Me: "Are you messing with me? I didn't even touch the damn thing!"

Her: "No, it was a bottle, and bottles are meant to be split among everyone at the table."

Me: "Uh, no. I'm not paying more than my fair share for wine I didn't even have."

Her: *Swearing in Italian* "Stop being stingy and just pay up. I don't want our friendship to end over something so petty."

Me: *More swearing in Italian* "Do you even realize how ridiculous you're being right now?"

Her: "I can't be friends with someone so cheap who doesn't understand basic dinner etiquette."

I haven't replied to her since then because I honestly don't even know what to say. Like, seriously, what the hell is wrong with her? We've been getting separate bills forever, and it's never been an issue. But all of a sudden, I'm expected to fork over half the cost of something I didn't order or drink? And let's not forget, we're both broke-ass students here! $65 might not seem like much to her, but that's basically two weeks' worth of groceries for me. I can't just ask my parents for more money because apparently, my friend thinks I should foot the bill for her freaking wine.

So here's my question, am I the asshole for refusing to pay? Because frankly, this whole situation feels like a big ol' load of bull. Just needed to vent, guys. Any advice on how to handle this would be greatly appreciated. Stay sane, my fellow Redditors.
------
Wow, it's clear that you completely missed the point here. I mean, seriously? Are you actually trying to argue that the Genesis creation story is a scientific account? Are you kidding me? That's just absurd!

Let's get one thing straight: the Genesis creation story is nothing more than a myth. It's a story made up by ancient people who didn't have a clue about how the world actually came into existence. And yet, you're sitting here trying to pass it off as some sort of scientific explanation? Give me a break!

Look, I understand that you have your beliefs and I respect that. But when you start claiming that ancient religious texts hold the key to understanding the origins of the universe, I can't help but roll my eyes. This is the problem with religious fundamentalism - it blinds people to reality and makes them reject scientific evidence in favor of ancient myths.

And let me ask you this: why should anyone take the Bible as a credible source of information? It's a collection of stories and teachings written by fallible human beings who lived thousands of years ago. Sure, it may have some historical value, but that doesn't mean we should treat it as a scientific textbook.

You claim that there is historical backing for the New Testament accounts of Jesus. Really? Where's the evidence? Show me the hard, concrete evidence that proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that everything written in the Bible is true. Oh wait, you can't, because it doesn't exist.

And don't even get me started on your assertion that Hinduism doesn't make many claims about history. Seriously? Have you ever actually read any Hindu scriptures? They are filled with stories about gods and goddesses, epic battles, and mythical creatures. Just because it's not your religion doesn't mean it's exempt from scrutiny.

But of course, you'll just keep clinging to your faith, won't you? Faith is a convenient excuse for not having to provide any real evidence or engage in critical thinking. It's a cop-out, plain and simple. Instead of grappling with the complexities of the world and seeking out real answers, you choose to bury your head in the sand and believe whatever makes you feel comfortable.

So go ahead, continue to believe that the Earth was created in six days, that humans coexisted with dinosaurs, and that prayer can cure cancer. Just don't expect anyone with a shred of rationality to take you seriously. Because quite frankly, your views are nothing more than a joke.
------
Alright, let's get something straight right off the bat - this whole Kavanaugh debacle is a load of bullshit, and anyone who believes otherwise needs a reality check. Seriously, what a clusterfuck of a situation we have here. 

First of all, this woman, Christine Blasey Ford, comes out of nowhere with these accusations against Kavanaugh, but conveniently leaves out any relevant details that might actually give her story some credibility. I mean, come on! No names, no evidence, no location? How the hell are we supposed to take her seriously when she can't even provide basic information about the alleged incident? It's like she's playing some sick game, trying to ruin an innocent man's life for her own twisted pleasure.

And let's not forget about her little letter to the Washington Post, Senator Feinstein, and some random attorney in California. She claims to want anonymity but then goes and releases this letter to the media? Yeah, real smart move there, genius. Clearly, this woman has no concept of what it means to act in good faith. She's just out to cause as much damage as possible without any regard for the truth.

Oh, and did I mention her "psychologist" and her claims of four men being in the room? Yeah, nice try, Ford. But guess what? You can't just throw around accusations like that and expect everyone to believe you. Especially when you conveniently forget to provide any names or descriptions of these mysterious men. It's almost like she's just making shit up as she goes along.

Now, let's talk about her demands. She wants the FBI to investigate her claims, even though the FBI has made it clear that there's nothing to investigate. I mean, really? Does she honestly think they're going to find something with zero evidence to go off of? Get real, lady. And don't even get me started on her polygraph results. Newsflash, sweetheart - polygraphs are about as reliable as a politician's promises. They're not accepted in any court of law for a reason, so stop acting like they're some kind of holy grail of evidence.

But the most infuriating part of all this is how she expects Kavanaugh to testify before her without even revealing her identity. Like, seriously? That's not how the Constitution works, honey. Everyone has the right to face their accuser, and hiding behind a veil of anonymity is just plain unconstitutional. But hey, who cares about the rule of law when you're desperate to keep a conservative judge off the Supreme Court, right?

And speaking of desperation, let's talk about the Democrats and their shady tactics. It's pretty clear that they've been sitting on this whole circus for months, just waiting for the perfect moment to unleash it and try to delay Kavanaugh's confirmation until the midterm elections. Talk about playing dirty politics. They clearly can't handle the thought of not having power in the Supreme Court, so they resort to underhanded smear campaigns instead. Real classy, guys.

But do you know what's even more infuriating? The fact that they didn't even bother to ask Kavanaugh any real questions during the hearings. Nope, instead they used their time to grandstand and promote their own damn 2020 campaigns. Way to prioritize, Democrats. Who cares about figuring out who Kavanaugh really is or whether those mysterious documents they had for months hold any truth? All they care about is obstructing the Senate and getting their way, even though nobody actually voted for them in the first place.

So yeah, it's safe to say that this whole Kavanaugh fiasco is a complete and utter waste of time. We should all just move on and confirm the judge already. I mean, just look at all the people coming out in support of his innocence compared to the one politically motivated woman trying to bring him down. The scales are clearly tipped in his favor, so let's stop entertaining this nonsense and focus on more important things, like actually upholding the law and protecting the Constitution.

In conclusion, Ford's allegations are nothing more than a fabricated slander tactic orchestrated by the Democrats to cling onto their power and obstruct justice. It's time to put an end to this circus and confirm Kavanaugh. Enough is enough.
------
Hey, what's up with this nonsense you're spewing? You clearly have no idea what you're talking about. All that bailout stuff with Freddie and Fannie happened under Bush's watch, okay? It was his Treasury Secretary and his FHFA Director who were responsible for that mess. So before you go spreading your clueless non-factual rewrite of history, maybe try learning some actual facts, fam.

Let me break it down for you real quick. The federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac happened in September 2008, when the government put them into conservatorship. James B. Lockhart III, the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, made the announcement. And guess what? Even Henry Paulson, the Treasury Secretary at the time, fully supported this decision. So don't be blaming it on anyone else.

And here's a little nugget of truth for you: Fannie and Freddie were in trouble because Bush and his GOP buddies pushed them to get involved in risky practices. They passed the 2003 American Dream Downpayment Act, which basically threw out all the rules for homebuying. No need to prove your income or have a downpayment? Yeah, that's a recipe for disaster right there. So don't act like the Democrats were solely to blame for the collapse.

Oh, and let's not forget about the Trump tax cuts. Those babies added more federal debt in one year than we've seen in 200 years! Yeah, you heard me right. In 2017 alone, when Trump was president for almost the entire year and the Republicans had control of Congress, the amount of public debt added was a whopping $497.8 billion. And the gross federal debt? Oh, just a mere $666.3 billion. So much for fiscal responsibility, huh?

But hey, if you wanna keep living in your pretend playtime world, be my guest. Just don't come at me with your nonsense. I've got the facts, and they're not on your side. So maybe next time, do your research before you open your mouthor in this case, start typing.

And by the way, here are a few sources for you to check out if you want to educate yourself (which I highly recommend):

- [Source 1] 
- [Source 2]
- [Source 3]

Now go ahead and read up. Maybe you'll learn a thing or two.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I've got a bone to pick with all this toxic feminism crap that's spreading like wildfire in society, especially in the college scene. I graduated just a year ago, so everything is still fresh in my mind. Let me tell you about a couple of incidents that really pissed me off.

So, in my third year of college, my best friend got accused of rape. Can you believe that? This poor guy had the audacity to reject some girl who tried to force herself on him and cheat on his girlfriend. And what does she do? She goes and accuses him of rape, without a shred of evidence. And guess what? The police actually took her seriously and investigated my friend for over a damn year! Can you imagine the toll that took on him? He lost weight, developed anxiety, and went through hell...all because of some false accusation. And you know what the worst part is? Despite his constant denial, the police refused to accept his side of the story. They even started throwing out other claims against him, like he abused her, even though it had nothing to do with the alleged rape. It was a complete circus!

But wait, it gets better. Fast forward to the year after I graduated, and guess what happens? It all went down at the gaming club that I founded. My immediate successor, along with his batshit crazy girlfriend who pretended to be the president, decided to stir up some trouble. So, there's this really sweet guy in our club who just wanted to make everyone feel included. He noticed one of the female members looking a bit lonely, so he struck up a conversation about anime and music. Harmless, right? Well, this girl misinterpreted his intentions big time. She immediately goes and reports him to the club president, who was all set to let it slide until his girlfriend chimes in. She decides that my friend needs to be made an example of. She starts berating him, accusing him of being the kind of guy who kills girls who reject him. Can you believe the nerve of this girl? And the president? He just stands there nodding in agreement like a spineless jellyfish. Turns out, he only did it for a chance to get lucky with her later on. What a scumbag!

The aftermath, my friends, was chaos. We lost more than half our club members because of this drama. The ones who stayed were subjected to this girl's tyranny, dictating what could and couldn't be said or done within the club. It sickened me to my core. I mean, I started this club, and now it's being run by a weak-willed president and his extreme feminist girlfriend, who hates it when guys are nice to girls. Can you believe the audacity?

In the end, I felt compelled to walk away from the club I founded because I couldn't stand what they had done to my friend or what they were doing to my organization. It just didn't sit right with me. Now, my once kick-ass gaming club has been reduced to a breeding ground for these toxic ideologies.

So, forgive me if I sound angry, but I'm just fed up with all this toxic feminism crap infiltrating every aspect of our lives. It's time we put an end to this madness and reclaim some common sense. Who's with me?
------
the football game analogy kinda lost me. it wasn't a crowded train or anything, and i only saw this guy when i got up to wait by the exit since it was pulling into the station, and even then i only noticed him because he asked me the name of the station. no one else in the handful of people waiting by the exit was really interacting, they were really all just on their phones or listening to music or staring out the window, as tired commuters do, so it definitely didn't feel like a very social atmosphere to begin with, which i guess is why i wasn't too happy when the conversation progressed beyond train-related questions.

also, now that you bring up culture, i might actually look into that. he did tell me he was from the middle east, and i know that middle eastern culture is extremely different from my own. about the introvert thing, i don't really consider myself an introvert, but i might have the wrong idea of what an introvert actually is. i like going out with friends. under the right circumstances, i like meeting people, as well as receiving male attention (i'm on tinder ffs). i don't dread social gatherings. but if not wanting male attention while i'm just trying to chill out and go home makes me an introvert, then obviously to some degree i am an introvert.

i know it doesn't seem like it based on this post, but i really do like to expect the best from people. i don't think that every older man that talks to younger girls is a pervert (unless the girl in question is illegal, i don't support that at all, but i'm 18 so that obviously doesn't apply to my particular situation). this isn't my first bad experience with strange men in public, i was hit on and catcalled multiple times even back when i was illegal. i've told people about these experiences, and while i have received sympathy, i've also been asked if i did anything to encourage it (ex. 'what were you wearing?' 'did you keep engaging with him?'). so basically, i do what i do (like wear headphones and keep my interactions minimal) to 1) reduce the chance of something like that happening and 2) justify that i wasn't "asking for it" if something like that does happen.

the way i see it, i did absolutely nothing that implied that i wanted this man to escalate the conversation to personal topics or follow me to my taxi, which makes it easier for me to justify not telling him to leave me alone right off the bat. in my country, that's usually encouraged, because even something as trivial as small talk can be perceived as you "asking for it."

i mean, come on! it's ridiculous to think that every time a man starts talking to you, you should automatically assume he's going to be some creepy, predatory asshole. that's just not fair. but at the same time, it's hard not to be cautious, especially when you've had bad experiences in the past. i wish it wasn't like this, i wish i could just have a friendly conversation with someone without feeling like i have to constantly watch my back.

and let's not forget about the whole "asking for it" mentality. it's sickening. just because i'm a young woman, it doesn't mean i'm asking for anyone to harass or assault me. i should be able to live my life without constantly worrying about what other people might do to me. it's not fair that we have to change our behavior and actions just to protect ourselves. why can't people just respect boundaries and personal space?

so yeah, maybe some of you think i overreacted, or that i should have been more assertive and told the guy to back off. but here's the thing - in the moment, it's not always easy to react the way you want to. fear and discomfort can paralyze you. and even if i did say something, who's to say he would have listened? some people just don't care about boundaries.

i guess what i'm trying to say is, let's not blame the victim here. let's focus on creating a society where everyone feels safe and comfortable, regardless of their gender or age. and let's call out those who don't respect boundaries, instead of placing the burden on the victims. it's time for a change, don't you think?
------
Alright, let's get real here. I gotta say, point C is the damn reason why I bailed on my teaching degree halfway through. I mean, seriously, you had hundreds of students taking this course every frickin' year. The lectures were held in these huge-ass theaters in the university, like we were watching some grand movie or something.

Now, don't get me wrong, most of the people I studied with had good intentions. But let's be honest, too many of them were just there because they wanted a safe and stable job. And hey, I get it. I was in the same boat, rocking an arts degree that was worth squat in the job market.

But let me tell you about the worst example, this girl I did my practical experience with. She was 21, straight outta high school, and apparently on a mission to never leave the education system. I swear she just wanted a quick ticket to settle down with her plumber boyfriend in the suburbs. Can you believe it?

So this girl starts whining about how no one told her about the weekly faculty meetings. Like, come on! If she actually bothered to show up on time, like we were all instructed to, she wouldn't have missed a damn thing. Talk about incompetence.

And that's not even the worst part. She had the audacity to show up dressed in jeans and hoodies. I mean, seriously? Did she not notice that none of the other staff dressed that way? Our teacher-supervisor was rocking dresses from fancy places, and I was strutting around in heels and blazers. We didn't do it for ourselves, we did it for the students. They deserve respect, you know?

So, obviously, I couldn't let this slide. I ended up complaining to our head professor about this slob's attire. It wasn't just offensive to the students, but to me too. I mean, how the hell could someone like me, who takes this job seriously, be in the same damn course as her?

But let me tell you, her lack of respect for the students was even worse. She actually had the nerve to scoff that her lesson planning for her year 7 class was a piece of cake because those kids were dumb. Can you believe it? We had to remind her that they were freakin' 12 and 13-year-olds. Like, duh!

And don't get me started on her teaching style. She'd address the class like some evil hausfrau, making all the poor kids feel like crap. But let's be real, it's hard to keep the students' attention when they're just copying words from the whiteboard into their books. It's like a mind-numbing copy-paste festival in there.

Honestly, it's no surprise that education standards are tanking. The bar to become a teacher is set so frickin' low, anyone can waltz right in. And guess what? Teachers like her, who only care about their paycheck and pension, are the ones who stick around. Meanwhile, the passionate and caring teachers burn out within a few years and peace out of this profession for good.

Take Finland and South Korea, for example. Those badasses consistently top the charts in education standards. And you know why? Because getting into their teaching programs is as tough as hell. It's like trying to get into law school or some other highly sought-after program. They attract driven and passionate teachers, while we're stuck with the leftovers.

If universities would just raise the damn bar for entry by like 5 or even 10 points, it could make a world of difference. But nah, they're more interested in lining their pockets with HECS money than actually improving education. It's a crappy world we live in, my friends.

So yeah, I dropped out because I came to the realization that teaching ain't my thing. I just don't have enough passion for those little monsters, I mean children. It's a shame that other teaching students can't be as logical as me, but I guess it just shows where their priorities lie. It's all about that stable paycheck, not about making a real difference in these kids' lives.

Damn, I'm glad I got that off my chest. Now it's time to dive back into this subreddit and see if anyone else shares my frustrations.
------
Hey, so I came across this article that talks about this American woman accusing Cristiano Ronaldo of rape. It's a pretty messed up situation, let me tell you.

So apparently, this woman named Kathryn Mayorga is claiming that Ronaldo raped her back in 2009. Now, Ronaldo denies everything and says that it was consensual sex, but come on, who are we kidding? We all know he's got a pretty big ego, so it wouldn't surprise me if he thinks he can get away with anything.

You won't believe what happened next. So, Ronaldo's lawyers and Mayorga's lawyers reached some kind of settlement where he paid her $375,000! Can you believe that? And get this, in exchange for the money, Mayorga had to promise that she would keep quiet about the whole thing. Like, seriously? How can you put a price on something like that?

But guess what? Mayorga is not keeping her promise. She's decided to break the silence and tell her story. Good for her, honestly. She shouldn't have to suffer in silence just because Ronaldo is some famous soccer player.

Her new lawyer is now trying to get the settlement and the whole agreement annulled. Apparently, he believes Mayorga was in such a fragile psychological state at the time that she couldn't fully comprehend what she was agreeing to. And honestly, looking at the emails from Ronaldo's lawyers, it seems like they were fully aware of her mental state and used it to their advantage.

It's just sickening how these powerful people can manipulate the system to protect themselves. And it's not like this is an isolated incident. There have been so many cases of athletes and celebrities getting away with horrible things just because they have money and influence.

The details Mayorga provided about the night in question are truly disturbing. She claims that Ronaldo forced himself on her and even raped her anally without protection. It's just horrifying to think about. And the fact that she went to the police and underwent medical examination at the time shows that she was serious about seeking justice.

But you know what's even more infuriating? The fact that the police didn't do much about it back then. Mayorga filed a report, but they never revealed the identity of the person she accused. And now, with these new developments, the case is being reopened. Let's hope justice is finally served.

I mean, seriously, this whole thing is just messed up. It's sad to see how money and power can overshadow the truth and allow people to get away with such despicable acts. I really hope Mayorga gets the justice she deserves and that Ronaldo faces the consequences of his actions. No one should be above the law, no matter how famous or successful they are.

Anyway, that's just my two cents on the matter. It's good to see that Mayorga is speaking out and fighting for justice. Let's hope this brings about some real change.
------
Alright, look here, you're all talking about graphics cards and consoles, but let me set the record straight. A graphic card doesn't go down or need to get replaced often. You easily get 5-7 years out of it, maybe more, which is more than a console will get you until it's outdated. I mean, come on people, let's not pretend like consoles are these magical devices that last forever.

Take the Xbox, for example. The Xbox 360 was released on November 22, 2005, and the Xbox One was released on November 22, 2013. That's 8 years, my friends. Eight freaking years! So don't give me that nonsense about consoles lasting longer than graphics cards.

And another thing, we're on a game subreddit, so no one is talking about the random casual players that buy 2 games a year. I mean, seriously? Who cares about those people? They're not the ones driving the gaming industry. It's the casual gamers, the ones who buy Call of Duty, Destiny, Halo, Madden, and Fallout. Those are the big buys for the casual market and they far outweigh many smaller critically acclaimed titles.

I'm not saying I don't love those smaller games, like Nier Automata and Kingdom Come: Deliverance. But let's be real here, they can't touch or fathom what those big franchises pull in. Madden is a billion dollar franchise, FIFA is a billion dollar franchise. Can you say the same for Crusader Kings or Counter-Strike? I don't think so.

So yeah, we're talking about people who play games regularly. And guess what, casuals play games a lot too, they just purchase fewer. Do you really think a dad with a wife and kids wants to waste money on three shooters? No, they choose Call of Duty, Destiny, or Battlefield. They don't want all three, that's too much for them. They have other responsibilities, you know?

That's why publishers are pushing hard on microtransactions. Those casual gamers won't buy $200 worth of different games, but they will spend an extra $100 on a $60 game they really like. It's simple economics, my friends.

Now, I know some of you PC gamers are going to argue that you'll save a lot of money on PC. But let me tell you something, PC isn't always as convenient. For my house, it isn't. My gaming TV is in my living room, my PC and other TV are downstairs. I'd rather sit upstairs with my wife and play without dealing with cleaning out my PC or currently upgrading my graphics card. Consoles are a casual's preferred platform for a reason.

And don't even get me started on this whole Steam library nonsense. Yeah, cool bruh, you have 110 games that cost you 200-250 bucks. Guess what? So do I. But I still buy way more games on the Xbox and Nintendo stores because it's convenient. I mean, seriously, how many of those 110 games are PC exclusives? If even half of them are, it wouldn't even get on the radar for a casual gamer. That's just a fact.

And let's not forget about sales and bundles. Yeah, they're good on PC, I get it. But you know what? Consoles have noticed too. Sony's flash sales, Xbox pushing hard on Game Pass and having better sales, and Nintendo, well, they're immune to anything PC related, but they still push hard for indie titles and have weekly or bi-weekly sales regularly with good titles involved.

So let's stop pretending like PC is the only salesman in the game nowadays. Consoles are holding their own and catering to the needs of casual gamers. And at the end of the day, it's the casual market that has the bigger gross buying power. So, sorry PC gamers, but you can't really argue that you'll save a lot of money on PC. It's just not the case anymore.
------
i totally get where you're coming from with the whole quest thing, and personally, i don't mind that style of storytelling either. i actually enjoy finding those hidden side quests in previous fallout games, you know, the ones where you stumble upon a vault or a building and there's all this content written on the walls or on the terminals? those have given me some of the best memories in the game. so, i think what bethesda is trying to do with fallout 76 is explore that kind of storytelling even further.

from what i've gathered from past announcements and the video documentary about fallout 76, it seems like bethesda is not trying to set a new trend or anything with this game. they just wanted to experiment with a different perspective when it comes to storytelling, while also dabbling in a larger scale multiplayer experience for the first time ever. and honestly, that excites me just as much as the possibility of a future fallout 5 announcement.

the fact that they had to go to other developers and figure out how to pull this off shows their willingness to try something new, and that's pretty cool in my book. they really want to emphasize the whole "player meets player" interaction aspect in this game. and personally, i love that. some of my best gaming memories and friendships have come from randomly goofing around with someone i just met in a game.

now, i understand that this might not be everyone's cup of tea. not everyone enjoys the constant presence of other players or the potential for getting hunted down by some psycho who just likes to murder people. i can see how that could get annoying. but here's the thing, bethesda doesn't want to encourage open and constant PvP either. in fact, they have designed a system to punish serial killers and other troll-like players.

so, if you happen to encounter one of these trolls, they become a quest or an objective that you can simply ignore if you don't feel like dealing with them. and guess what? the only thing you lose when you die is your junk and scrap tab. all those precious resources like metal, wood, screws, and glue that you've been collecting? yeah, those could be looted by someone else if they happen to pass by your dead body. it's a risk you take, but it's not the end of the world.

now, let's say you're in a fight with a snagglegaster and i happen to stroll by with a stealthboy. well, i could swoop in and snatch up your junk before disappearing into the shadows. it's a dog eat dog world out there, my friend. but hey, on the flip side, imagine you're struggling against a giant sloth and suddenly, me and my three buddies show up to lend a hand. we help you take down the beast, and then maybe, just maybe, i decide to shoot you in the head. okay, that's not cool, i admit it. but here's the thing, a bounty gets put out on me for being a jerk, while my friends are totally in the clear because they didn't harm you. it's a bit of a mixed bag, really.

but what if all four of us decide to shoot you? well, then we all get punished and lose caps when we die. it's not like you can just go around shooting people left and right without consequences. there's a certain level of balance here. it's not like those duels you can accept in borderlands, where you simply open up a menu and agree to fight someone. it's more like, "hey, that guy shot you and you took damage, so go ahead and fight back if you want to. we won't punish you for defending yourself." does that make sense?

i apologize if this response turned into a bit of a ramble. i love discussing this stuff and getting into the nitty-gritty details. so, yeah, while i understand that fallout 76 might not be everyone's cup of irradiated tea, i do believe there's a lot of potential here. it's all about exploring new ways of storytelling and interacting with other players. and honestly, that's what keeps me excited about the fallout franchise.
------
Alright, look, I gotta talk about this Rod Reiss guy because seriously, what's up with all the hate towards him lately? I mean, sure, he may not have the same thoughts as the Survey Corps, but he's got some pretty lofty ideals too, just like Eren, for example.

Now, I know some people are gonna say that Rod was all about keeping the power in his family, passing it down from generation to generation. And yeah, maybe that sounds a little selfish, but to him, that power was like freaking sacred, man. It was like their link to God or something, and he believed that it needed to be protected and worshipped no matter what.

So when Grisha attacked the Reiss family, he wasn't just attacking them, he was attacking everything that Rod believed in. He basically took away Rod's reason for living, man. That's heavy stuff.

Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not defending Rod's messed-up attitude towards Historia and her mother. Using her for his own interests? Not cool at all. But come on, let's be real here, is Rod the only one who's ever manipulated people in this messed-up universe of ours? Uh, no freaking way, my friends.

We've seen Levi and Hanji forcing people to do their bidding, right? And have they gotten any hate from the fandom? Nah, man, nobody seems to care. So why the double standards, huh? Principles and values change depending on the person, my friends. And the Survey Corps definitely don't have a monopoly on the truth.

Same goes for other characters like Kenny, Flegel, and Sannes. They've got their own principles and beliefs, and they sure as hell don't align with the Survey Corps. But does that make them evil or whatever? Nah, man, it just means they see things differently.

You can't deny that Rod Reiss is passionate about his beliefs, though. That power, that connection to God, he sees it as the ultimate good. And sure, he messed up in the past, but we also know that he once wanted to save humanity from the Titans. Back then, he was all about the same ideals as the Survey Corps, so it's not like he's always been some evil dude.

But look, here's the thing. Rod probably realized that if the absolute truth lies with someone infinitely more powerful than him, and they choose not to act, then that must be the right thing to do, right? I mean, come on, humans are weak and ignorant, and this "God" knows everything. It's a pretty logical conclusion to come to, man.

And hey, it's important for us to try and understand where these characters are coming from, even if we don't agree with them. We gotta put ourselves in their shoes, you know? Justice isn't some fixed concept that never changes. It can be interpreted and exercised in different ways depending on the person, their goals, their beliefs, and the time they live in.

So let's cut Rod some slack, my dudes. Yeah, he's made some questionable choices, but haven't we all? He's just trying to hold on to what he believes in, just like the Survey Corps. We may not agree with him, but we should at least try to understand where he's coming from. That's all I'm saying, man.
------
Hey there,

So, I gotta say, I completely disagree with your viewpoint. Allow me to explain why.

First off, you claim that as long as something doesn't harm someone without their consent, you should be able to do whatever you want. Well, guess what? We don't live in a bubble, my friend. Our actions have consequences, and they can impact others whether we like it or not. Your whole "burying your body" thing is a morbid way to put it, but it's true. People are affected by what we do, directly or indirectly. And let's not forget about the people who brought us into this world and raised us. Shouldn't we show some appreciation for them and our ancestors? We're all connected, dude.

Okay, now onto your claim of being a "positive nihilist." That just sounds like a fancy way of saying you haven't figured out your life philosophy yet. Fair enough, you're only 17, after all. But before you start preaching about what's right or wrong, maybe you should dive deeper into the philosophy of ethics. There's a lot more to it than you think. And by the way, nihilism is a dead end. It's all about meaninglessness and devaluing human life. Not exactly a recipe for a fulfilling existence, if you ask me.

Oh, and let's not forget about your accusation of me being a "cherrypicker." Yeah, I'm only giving you snippets here on Reddit, but trust me, I've done my research. I've spent years reading books, listening to podcasts, and engaging in debates. All that has led me to one conclusion: the ethical teachings of Christianity are the best thing that has ever happened to humanity. And you know what? The resurrection of Jesus is true. God himself became a man to guide us back to heaven. It's a pretty big deal, if you ask me. So, maybe instead of dismissing it without giving it a chance, take a look at Jesus' teachings. It's worth your time, dude.

Now, you mentioned that both good and bad things happen on all sides. Yeah, sure, there's some good in everything, but let's not ignore the moral decay that leaders like Stalin brought upon their people. Christianity's premise is that we're all meant to do good, but we also have free will, and well, people can get caught up in temporary pleasures and fall into sin. It happens, and it's not pretty.

And dude, you really need to brush up on your biblical knowledge. Slavery was absolutely condemned in the Bible. Like, Jesus himself said, "love your neighbor as yourself." That's some pretty clear condemnation right there.

Now, you call my view of history one-sided, but seriously, history is a complex beast. I'm just presenting one side here because that's what I'm focusing on in this discussion. If I wanted to, I could talk about how Hitler was kind to his dogs or how certain Nazi programs were productive. But let's face it, those minor details mean squat when compared to the bigger picture of human ethics. You need some perspective, my friend, and a more holistic understanding of world history. Christianity has had a significant impact on lifting humanity out of barbarism all across the globe. Check out C.S. Lewis' "Mere Christianity" or G.K. Chesterton's "Everlasting Man" if you want some solid reading material on the topic.

Alright, that's all I've got to say for now. Look, you're still young, and it's great that you're exploring different ideas and philosophies. Just remember to keep an open mind and really dig deep into the subjects before forming strong moral judgments. Good luck, my dude!
------
Man, I gotta say, the world has changed so much since I was a teenager in the 1970s. Back then, young dudes like me never even dreamed of talking about masturbation or drugs in front of our parents or anyone else for that matter. It was just not something you did. But these days, it seems like the younger generation is all about being open and honest about every little detail of their lives.

So here's the deal, my teenager thinks it's perfectly fine to chat with his friends about jerking off and getting high right in front of everyone. Can you believe that? I tried to explain to him that it's not appropriate to blurt out those things in public, but he and his buddies just rolled their eyes at me and called me old-fashioned. Can you imagine?

And that's not even the worst part. This kid actually believes that it's totally acceptable to work only when he feels like it. According to him, if a job doesn't allow him to come and go as he pleases, then it's not worth his time. Like, what the hell? When I was his age, we hated our jobs too, but we knew damn well that if we showed up late or didn't show up at all, we'd get fired on the spot.

Now, let me tell you a little something about myself. I'm a technical director, and over the years, I've hired countless technical personnel. But lately, when I hire these young folks, I'm faced with some seriously bizarre behavior and comments. I mean, it's like they're from another planet or something.

For instance, I hired this woman who seemed all gung-ho during the interview process. And guess what? On her first day, within the first hour, she had the audacity to ask if she could cut her hours down to a measly 20 per week because apparently 40 hours is just way too much for her precious personal life. Can you believe the nerve?

And let me tell you about this other secretary I hired. The woman had the nerve to show up a good four hours late every single day. So, I approached her and asked if everything was alright. You know what she did? She sits her butt down in my comfy chair, in front of an open door no less, and denies having any problem. Like, seriously? I calmly told her that she needed to start showing up on time, and you know what she did? She stands up, walks out, and later sends in an email to HR claiming that she can't deal with authority and refuses to meet with me ever again. Can you believe the level of immaturity?

But wait, there's more! I had another employee who would come into work and spill all her personal drama to anyone who would listen. She'd talk openly about her sex life, how her boyfriend was a freaking heroin addict, and how she used to turn tricks to pay the bills. Oh, and get this, she constantly wanted her coworkers to babysit her kids for free. Can you say workplace drama? Needless to say, it all ended horribly.

Oh, and don't even get me started on my friend who manages a team. He's got an employee who thinks it's totally appropriate to share all the dirty details of her swinging exploits. She even tried to convince her colleagues to join in on the fun. Can you imagine the awkwardness and discomfort that created? I mean, it got so bad that the coworkers threatened to sue if my friend didn't put an end to her oversharing.

Look, I get it. We all want to feel comfortable in our own skin and talk about whatever the hell we want. But here's the thing, that kind of mentality just doesn't fly in the real world. People don't want to hear about your sexcapades or your drug-filled adventures. Employers can't always bend over backward to accommodate your personal life. And here's a newsflash, when you spill all your dirty laundry, people start questioning your trustworthiness and ability to be a good teammate.

So, to all you youngins out there, think twice before you blabber about your private stuff to anyone who will listen. Life ain't always rainbows and unicorns, and sometimes a little discretion can go a long way. So let's all grow up a bit and start acting like responsible adults, shall we?
------
Hey y'all, I just gotta say, this post is straight up wild. I mean, we're talking about God and all that jazz, so you already know it's gonna get a little crazy. But seriously, some of the stuff y'all are coming up with is just out there.

First off, this whole talk about mortality and why God made us all mortal or whatever. Look, I ain't no expert, but I don't think God really cares about whether we live forever or not. I mean, who wants to be stuck in this crazy world for all eternity anyway? Plus, if God is all-powerful and whatnot, can't he just do some fancy DNA splicing and make us live forever? Like, come on, it ain't rocket science.

And then there's this whole thing about the universe and heat death. Look, I've watched enough sci-fi movies to know that there's always some way to save the universe from going kaput. So why can't God just pump in some extra energy or create new universes as needed? I mean, if he's got the power, why not use it?

But here's the thing, y'all are forgetting about sin. Yeah, sin, that little thing that messes everything up. See, I reckon that maybe our mortality is actually a mercy when you consider sin. Like, maybe God knew that if we lived forever, we'd just keep on sinning and making a mess of things. So, he gave us this gift of mortality to save us from ourselves. Deep, right?

And speaking of sin, let's talk about the number of possible worlds out there. Some of y'all are saying there's an infinite number of worlds, but I gotta call BS on that one. Look, I ain't a physicist or anything, but even I know that there's a finite number of possible universes. I mean, come on, common sense, people!

Think about it like this. Take a baby, right? That baby's got all these possible paths it could take in life, but it's still a finite number. Like, how many different things can happen within the first second of that baby's life? It ain't infinite, that's for damn sure. And if you apply that logic to every human, every rock falling, every star collapsing, well, you end up with a finite number of possible ways things can go down.

Now, I saw someone mention angels replacing unbelievers or something like that. Look, I get it, we're talking about God here, so anything is possible. But let's be real, would an angel really want to take Hitler's place? I highly doubt it. And if God was cool with an angel doing it, why would he punish a human for the same thing? C'mon now, let's use our heads.

Oh, and this whole idea of replacing non-believers with robots or spirits or whatever. Sounds pretty creepy, if you ask me. Like, imagine living your whole life thinking you're a real person, only to find out you're just some preprogrammed robot. Talk about a mindf*ck.

Now, I gotta be honest, I'm more of a naturalistic Christian. I don't believe in all these miracles and divine interventions and whatnot. I think God set up the universe to work a certain way, and he's just kinda sitting back, letting it do its thing. So maybe he didn't create a bunch of deceptive intervention robots, maybe he wanted human history to unfold naturally.

But hey, who knows? Maybe God really did replace all the potential unbelievers with robots. It's a wild thought, for sure. But honestly, it doesn't give us any good answers. In fact, it just raises more questions and makes things even more disturbing. So maybe, just maybe, we should stop trying to figure it all out and just enjoy the ride. Just a thought.
------
Hey, I'm just gonna hijack this post for a hot minute to talk about something that's been grinding my gears lately. So, I'm a gun owner and I gotta say, it's pretty annoying dealing with all the anti-gun folks out there. Like, yeah, I own guns, but no, I don't hunt. Is that such a crime? I just like firearms, okay? Can't a person enjoy their hobby without being judged? Geez.

But you know what's even more frustrating? The freaking uncertainty of Canadian gun laws. Seriously, they're as clear as mud. It's like playing a game of Russian roulette with the cops. One day they say your stuff is A-okay, and the next month they could be knocking on your door ready to confiscate and charge you. It's ridiculous!

And don't get me started on the whole weapon classification thing. The RCMP gets to decide what's allowed and what's not, not the elected officials. It's like they have this power trip or something, and they can just randomly declare a rifle illegal overnight. So all these law-abiding gun owners suddenly become criminals because some bureaucrat doesn't like how their gun looks. Talk about unfair.

I mean, have you seen the list of prohibited weapons? It's a joke. They list guns by name, including prototype guns that were never even sold, guns that "look scary," homemade guns from other countries, and guns that are functionally identical to legal ones. It makes zero sense. And let's not forget those bolt action 50 cals that are illegal just because they're on the stupid list.

Oh, and get this: if you have a bullpup rifle, which is totally legal, and you buy a kit to turn a legal rifle into a bullpup, suddenly it becomes illegal. Like, what the actual hell? How does that even make sense? It's some kind of twisted logic only bureaucrats could come up with.

Now, I don't speak for all Canadian gun owners, but most of us just want some freaking clarity. We're not asking for automatics or silencers or whatever Hollywood nonsense people think we want. No, we just want laws that are clear and make sense. We want to be able to follow the law without constantly living in this gray area where one day we're law-abiding citizens and the next we're criminals, depending on which cop we happen to run into.

So, yeah, that's my two cents. It's time for Canada to step up their game and give us gun owners some freaking respect. We're not criminals; we're just regular folks who enjoy shooting and collecting firearms. Is that really too much to ask for? I don't think so.

But hey, feel free to share your thoughts. I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who agree with me. And to all the anti-gun folks, well, keep hating. It won't change the fact that I'll continue to exercise my rights and enjoy my hobby. Peace out.
------
Alright, so I stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, I disagree with pretty much everything you said. Like, seriously? Are you even playing the same game as the rest of us? Let me break it down for you, because apparently you need a lesson in reality.

First of all, let's talk about the races. Yeah, they're different. No duh! That's the whole point! Each race has its own unique perks and abilities that make them special. Protoss can get upgrades super fast and their units have that fancy thing called chronoboost. It's like steroids for your army, man. And don't even get me started on recall. Zerg, on the other hand, just needs queens. That's right, just some good old queens and they're good to go with their CC/Nexus/Hatch.

Now, let's move on to the SCVs. Yeah, they actually have to build their own structures. It's not like those lazy Protoss who just have regenerating shields or the Zerg who have units that can regenerate over time. But hey, that's part of the Terran flavor. And to counteract the mining time loss, they have mules. Genius, right? Now, you might argue that they trade a mule/scan for supply with the supply drop, but honestly, who cares? I could live without it.

And speaking of detection, are you seriously telling me that Terran only has one option when it comes to detection? That 200 gas raven? Come on, man! Zerg can just make all their overlords detection and Protoss has invisible detection that moves. They can also commit to e-bay and missile turrets for static detection. The Terrans? Well, they just have to rely on scans. And guess what? They trade a mule for it. So don't give me that crap about Terran having it easy when it comes to detection.

Oh, and remember when medivacs didn't have a speed boost? Yeah, drops were basically a suicide mission back then. Trust me, you do not want to go back to those days. And let's not forget about warp prisms. Those things are pretty damn good for drops if you ask me.

Now, let's talk about bunkers. You say they're salvageable because Terran needs to commit units to make them useful. Well, guess what? That's part of the Terran race flavor! It's all about strategy and making the most out of your units. And don't even get me started on easy tech switches. Have you even played the game, my dude? You need completely different structures to switch up your tech. And those add-ons? They're more of a flavor thing that also kinda tells your opponent what you're up to. So yeah, easy tech switches? Not happening.

And let's not forget about the mobility of the armies. Terran has a less mobile army because they rely on siege tanks for defense. Ever heard of them? Yeah, they have to be in place to be effective. That's why planetary fortresses are a thing. It's kinda their only way to take a 4th base most of the time. And even then, it's easily overrun and can't even lift off. Meanwhile, Protoss can warp in units anywhere with a pylon and Zerg units are just insanely fast. So what do you want, my friend? Terran to never be able to take a 4th base without it being 100% free to a bunch of zealots or committing supply and valuable tanks? Yeah, I didn't think so.

And let's not even get started on battlecruisers. They're hardly used in competitive play, so why are we even discussing them? And warp, seriously? It's a 71-second cooldown! Get over it!

Now, let's talk about sensor towers. Yeah, they're not exactly free, my friend. And they're incredibly weak structures. They're there to assist the immobile Terran army. Again, part of the Terran flavor. And speaking of flavors, Protoss can make walls anywhere with sentries. They need a complete wall-off to not die instantly to any zerg rush. How would Terran survive without walling off? And if their supply depots don't go down, Zerg can just force them to wall themselves in and expand outside of it. So, yeah, there's a lot wrong with your complaint.

And finally, anything you do with any race can work if you know what you're doing. Marines too versatile? Maybe, but they can be countered by the other races. Stimming, blink micro, reaper micro, banshee micro, liberators, tanks, cyclones, thors - they all require some level of micro and strategy to be effective. It's not just about a-moving your army like Protoss and Zerg. The top Terrans are scary because they get the most out of every unit in the game. They're masters of micro and strategy. So get your facts straight, my friend.

I hope this clears things up for you. It's not about balance, it's about understanding each race's strengths and weaknesses and utilizing them to the fullest. So next time, before you go on a rant, maybe take a step back and think about how the game actually works. Peace out!
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! So, let's talk about my experience with therapy. I initially tried out Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and had mixed feelings about it. Don't get me wrong, there were parts I liked, but challenging my thoughts constantly became a freaking exhausting task. Like, seriously, who has the energy for that? And to top it off, visualization exercises just didn't work for me. Either I couldn't come up with anything at all, or my imagination went into overdrive with some crazy post-apocalyptic scenario. It was just plain distracting!

Now, as for Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR), I haven't done a whole lot of it myself, but my therapist believes it mainly works by distracting you while exposing you to your distressing thoughts. Some people swear by it, especially those dealing with PTSD, but it's not everyone's cup of tea. But hey, it's good that you're open to trying different things because let me tell you, this whole therapy process can be utterly draining.

So, here's where Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) comes into play. It actually incorporates elements of CBT, but the focus is on detangling yourself from those pesky thoughts and emotions. The idea is that it's normal to have negative thoughts, but we can choose to behave differently despite them. You might feel like total crap, but that doesn't mean you are crap or have to act like it. For someone like me who struggles with self-esteem, this approach has been a game-changer. I may never be a huge fan of myself, but dammit, I want to keep growing and treating people well (even if they have questionable taste in liking me).

So, how does ACT work exactly? Well, first, you gotta identify your values and goals. Then, instead of judging your thoughts as good or bad, you learn to accept that they're gonna pop up from time to time. And most importantly, you start acting in line with your values and goals, rather than getting caught up in trying to control every single thought and feeling. It's liberating, my friends, I tell ya!

Oh, and here's a little tip for you: consider looking into other potential triggers for your anxiety. It may sound bizarre, but trust me on this one. I discovered I had a food allergy that messed with my cardiovascular system, causing constant anxiety and panic attacks. I didn't take it seriously at first, but when it escalated to anaphylaxis (yeah, not fun), and I eliminated the culprit from my diet completely, my generalized anxiety disorder vanished into thin air. And hey, taking vitamin D without also taking magnesium ended up giving me heart palpitations and tachycardia. Go figure, right?

I could keep blabbering on about this stuff, but I don't wanna bore you to death (well, unless you enjoy that sort of thing). So, feel free to hit me up with more questions if you wanna dive deeper into the mind-numbing world of therapy. I'm here for you, my fellow Redditor!

*edited for clarity regarding vitamin D and magnesium
------
I'm just gonna be real with you guys here. Teaching is not what it used to be. Trust me, I know. I dropped out of my teaching degree because of all the bullshit that goes on in this profession.

Let me start by saying that I actually had good intentions when I started this journey. I wanted to make a difference in kids' lives and inspire them to learn. But damn, I quickly realized that I was surrounded by a bunch of wannabe teachers who were just in it for the stable job.

I mean, come on! Most of these people already had useless arts degrees and couldn't find work in their field, so they thought teaching would be an easy way out. And don't even get me started on this girl I did my prac with. She was 21, from some sketchy neighborhood, and all she wanted was to settle down with her plumber boyfriend and live a boring suburban life.

This chick was clueless, let me tell you. She complained about not knowing about the weekly faculty meetings, but if she bothered to show up on time like the rest of us, she wouldn't have missed a damn thing. And to make matters worse, she showed up to school dressed like she just rolled out of bed. Jeans and hoodies? Are you kidding me? We're supposed to be role models for these kids, not slobs.

I couldn't stand her lack of respect for the students either. She thought teaching year 7 was a piece of cake because, according to her, the kids were dumb anyway. Um, excuse me? They're 12 and 13-year-old kids! Show some damn respect!

And let's not forget how she addressed the class. It was like watching an evil stepmother from a fairytale. No wonder the students couldn't pay attention. All they did was mindlessly copy from the whiteboard into their notebooks. What a waste of time.

But you know what the real problem is? The bar for entry into teaching degrees is ridiculously low. Anyone with half a brain can get in. And guess who sticks around? The ones who don't give a crap about actually teaching. They just want a stable salary and some decent benefits. Meanwhile, the passionate teachers burn out and leave the profession within a few years.

Look at Finland and South Korea. Those countries actually value education. Getting into teaching programs there is as difficult as getting into law school or other prestigious courses. They have driven and passionate teachers who genuinely care about their students. And you know what? They consistently have some of the highest education standards in the world.

So here's my suggestion: raise the damn minimum admission requirements for teaching degrees. Make it harder for just anyone to get in. That way, we'll filter out the lazy, unmotivated wannabe teachers and attract the ones who truly want to make a difference.

But of course, our universities care more about making money off HECS students than actually improving society. It's all about the bottom line for them.

And as for me, well, I dropped out because I realized teaching just wasn't for me. I'm not passionate enough about children to put up with all this crap. If only other teaching students had some logic and actually thought about their priorities. It's all about that stable paycheck for them, not about making a real impact.

So there you have it, folks. Teaching may sound noble and all, but in reality, it's a hot mess filled with lazy teachers and a broken system. Don't say I didn't warn you.
------
Wow, this post really caught my attention. I have to say, your perspective on relationships is quite unique. It's refreshing to see someone so unapologetically bitter and blaming everyone but themselves for their lack of success. In just a few paragraphs, you managed to insult an entire gender, make assumptions about people's motives, and paint yourself as the victim. Bravo!

Let's dive into your first point about "window shopping." You claim that women have it equally as hard as men when it comes to finding a partner. I hate to burst your bubble, but that's simply not true. While women may have more options, that doesn't necessarily mean they're finding the right partners or having lasting relationships. Quantity does not equal quality. And no, guys don't have the luxury of just "playing the numbers game" and expecting things to fall into their laps. They have to put in effort, demonstrate their worthiness, and yes, maybe even be the ones to initiate dates. Shocking, I know.

Next, you express frustration about guys breaking things off after a few dates because they're not feeling a spark. Here's a newsflash: attraction and connection are subjective. Just because you didn't do anything wrong on those dates doesn't mean there was a guarantee that a relationship would develop. It's unfair to blame others without considering your own role in the situation. Maybe there are some areas you can improve upon, or perhaps you just haven't found the right person yet. It happens to the best of us.

But oh boy, it gets even better. You go on to attack these guys, labeling them as selfish and immature for not wanting to be tied down. Are you seriously suggesting that everyone should conform to your idea of what a fulfilling life looks like? Newsflash: people have different priorities and interests. Some may value their independence and freedom more than settling down. And you know what? That's perfectly okay. It's not up to you to dictate how others should live their lives or what they should find fulfilling.

Finally, you bring out the big guns by questioning whether it's something to be proud of to have no real, loving connections on your deathbed. Here's a novel concept: people can find meaning and fulfillment in various ways. Just because someone hasn't found a long-term partner doesn't mean they're automatically leading a wasted life. Relationships aren't the sole determinant of a person's worth or happiness. It's incredibly judgmental of you to belittle someone's interests or hobbies just because they don't align with your personal values.

In conclusion, it's clear that your bitterness and toxic attitude are major roadblocks to finding happiness in relationships. Blaming others and expecting them to conform to your ideals won't get you very far. Perhaps it's time to take a step back, reevaluate your approach, and work on developing a more positive and empathetic mindset. Remember, relationships are a two-way street, and it takes effort from both parties to make them work. Good luck on your journey towards personal growth!
------
Look, I gotta be real with you here. Your whole argument is just plain dumb. Like seriously, have you even been paying attention to what's been going on in the game? It's like you're living in some fantasy world where logic doesn't exist.

First of all, you're acting like Sylvanas getting more Val'kyr is no big deal. But let me tell you something, buddy. More Val'kyr means more undead. And last time I checked, the Alliance ain't too fond of those brainless zombies. So yeah, it's kind of a problem for them.

And don't even get me started on this whole "fighting against the Legion" nonsense. Yeah, sure, they were fighting together temporarily. But do you really think Sylvanas gives a crap about the Alliance? She only cares about herself and her precious Forsaken. As soon as the Legion was dealt with, she would've turned on the Alliance faster than you can say "undead betrayal."

You act like Sylvanas is some misunderstood hero or something. But let me remind you of a little thing called the Wrathgate. Remember when Sylvanas unleashed the plague on her own people and the Alliance forces? Yeah, that wasn't exactly a friendly gesture. And you expect the Alliance to just forgive and forget?

And let's not forget about Genn trying to assassinate Sylvanas. Can you blame the guy? She's done nothing but cause trouble and wreak havoc. It's about time someone stepped up and put her in her place. But no, you think Genn is the bad guy here. Give me a break.

You talk about peace between the Horde and Alliance like it's actually possible. Newsflash, buddy: it's never gonna happen. The Horde and Alliance have been at each other's throats since day one. And all this truce nonsense is just a temporary ceasefire. There's too much bad blood between them for any kind of lasting peace.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a casual Reddit user, right? Maybe I'm just not as enlightened as you are. But mark my words, buddy. Sylvanas is not to be trusted. And if you think otherwise, you're in for a rude awakening.
------
Look, I hate to burst your bubble, but seriously, are you actually trying to argue that Genesis is a scientific account? Are you for real? I mean, come on, it's pretty clear that it's just a creation myth. It's not intended to be taken literally or as an accurate historical record.

And don't even get me started on your claim that millions of Christians believe it's an accurate account. Let me tell you something, just because a lot of people believe something, doesn't make it true. I mean, there are millions of people who believe in all sorts of crazy things, like aliens and conspiracy theories. Does that mean we should take those beliefs seriously too?

The fact is, there is overwhelming scientific evidence that contradicts the claims made in Genesis. I'm talking about things like the age of the Earth, evolution, the Big Bang theory, you name it. These are widely accepted scientific concepts that have been extensively studied and supported by evidence. And yet, you want to cling onto this ancient text as if it's some sort of infallible source of knowledge? Give me a break.

And let's not forget that the Bible itself is not exactly a reliable historical document. It's been translated, edited, and interpreted countless times over the centuries. How can we possibly trust that what we have today is an accurate representation of the original texts? Can we really rely on it as a source of historical information?

You also mentioned the NT accounts of Jesus as evidence for Christianity. Well, guess what? Just because something is written down in a book doesn't mean it actually happened. People make up stories all the time, especially when it comes to religion. And let's not forget that the NT was written decades after the events it describes, by people who didn't even witness them firsthand. That's not exactly the most reliable source, if you ask me.

Look, I get it. Faith is important to you. But faith and evidence are not the same thing. Faith is believing in something without evidence, or even despite evidence to the contrary. It's essentially the opposite of critical thinking. So when you say you've spent the last 10 years critically looking into issues and holding onto faith in Christ, forgive me if I find that a little hard to believe. It sounds to me like you're just cherry-picking the evidence that supports your preconceived beliefs and dismissing anything that challenges them.

I'm not saying you have to abandon your faith entirely. That's a personal decision. But what I am saying is that if you want to have an honest and open discussion about the validity of your beliefs, you need to be willing to consider evidence that contradicts them. You can't just dismiss it out of hand because it doesn't fit with what you want to believe.

So, before you go around claiming that Genesis is a scientific account or that the NT is solid evidence for Christianity, maybe take a step back and really evaluate the evidence. Look at it critically and objectively. And if you still come to the same conclusions, then fine, that's your prerogative. But at least be willing to engage in a meaningful discussion based on facts, rather than just blindly clinging to your faith.
------
Hey, so I saw your question and it got me thinking about this one time I had this crazy experience with a bunch of idiots in a libertarian Facebook group. At first, they seemed all cool and supportive, but then they turned into a bunch of jerks when I started talking about something important to me. They called it all BS and said that the person involved was just some "silly goth larper" that I shouldn't take seriously. Can you believe that?

Now, I'm not saying that dismissing people as a whole is always a bad thing. I mean, it really depends on the situation, right? Like, are we talking about dismissing dumbasses like those guys in the Facebook group, or are we dismissing genuine concerns from marginalized communities? Because let me tell you, dismissing someone like that augustus character, who turned out to be a straight-up fascist, is definitely the way to go. Trust me, I thought about engaging with him to try and change his messed up views, but that was such a waste of time.

But you know what? I think there's a link between sexual frustration and joining these weird groups. I mean, society tells guys that their worth is tied to how many chicks they can bang, which is such crap. And it's not that easy for dudes to get some action either. Plus, they're constantly told that all they're allowed to want is sex, not emotional intimacy or vulnerability. So, it's no wonder they end up looking for validation in these fringe groups where they can act like total jerks without caring about women's opinions.

Speaking of jerks, I've had experiences with clients who fit that reactionary or incel stereotype. Some of them are just plain awful and treat me like I'm some kind of predator forcing them to hand over their cash. But sometimes, I come across guys who are just socially awkward and lacking in skills. In those cases, I try to understand where they're coming from without endorsing their messed up views. And you know what? Sometimes, I actually manage to challenge their crappy attitudes about gender and sexuality. It's pretty satisfying when that happens.

Anyway, I hope all of this rambling makes sense to you. But hey, who am I kidding, right? We're all just wasting our time here on Reddit, scrolling through these silly threads. Maybe we should all just go outside and get a life. Just a thought.
------
Yo, what's up fellow juicers? I gotta fill y'all in on some changes happening with Juicedb, so pay attention!

Alright, let me start off by keepin' it real. For a while now, we've been stuck in a rut. No progress, no direction, just the same old same old. Our developer bounced to work on other projects, and we were left in limbo. But then, out of nowhere, a couple of peeps came along, interested in snatchin' up Juicedb.

Now, I ain't gonna lie, Wump and I had some reservations about this whole deal. But, hey, money talks, am I right? So, long story short, Juicedb is now owned by someone who's tied to an e-liquid company. Yeah, I know, a bit sketchy, but hear me out.

I'm still gonna hold it down and uphold the values of this site, no matter who owns it. In my convos with these new folks, they're all about supporting what we've built and keeping our credibility intact. So, don't go thinkin' that any specific company has immunity here. We ain't playin' favorites, people.

Now, I know some of y'all are curious, so I'm gonna do a quick Q&A sesh to address some burning questions:

Seems like having an e-liquid company involved will ruin everything, right?

Nah, fam. The new owners dig what we've been doin' and they ain't lookin' to mess with our rankings or any of that algorithm stuff. They're keepin' Juicedb and Hometown Hero E-Liquid separate, so chillax. Rules ain't changin', enforcement ain't changin', we're all good.

What's their endgame?

Simple, really. They wanna be the Yelp of vaping, minus all the shady reputation. They want Juicedb to be THE go-to place for reviews in the vaping community. That's been our hope all along, but now they got the funds and time to actually make it happen. Pretty dope, right?

What are their plans for Juicedb?

Oh, man, they got big plans. They wanna kickstart the momentum of development again, so expect more updates and changes comin' at ya. They're even gonna add hardware reviews, which is pretty sick. Plus, they're talkin' about havin' a badge or achievement system to encourage participation, just like we've been discussin'. More giveaways are in the works too, 'cause who doesn't love free stuff? The goal is to get Juicedb out there in the industry, collaborating with major e-liquid sites and gettin' into brick-and-mortar stores. Excitin' times, my friends.

Are we gonna be bombarded with ads now?

Look, we gotta keep the lights on somehow, right? So, yeah, there will be sponsored ads on the site. Don't worry, though, they won't mess with the lists or rankings. They'll replace the recommended juices section on the front page, and they'll be clearly marked as sponsored products. You'll see pics of the goodies, so it's not gonna be no sneaky business.

So, you're basically a paid shill now, huh?

Hell no! I ain't gettin' paid, y'all. I'm still doin' my thing, enforcin' the rules, and keepin' it real. Ain't nothin' changed on that front.

But wait, ain't you Juicedb?

Nah, bruh, I ain't the owner or anything. I've just been the face of this website, holdin' it down on Reddit. I've put in countless hours of volunteer work 'cause I believed in what we were doin'. So, let's get that straight, alright?

So, you gonna give all their juices glowing reviews now?

Transparency time, my peeps. Before all this went down, I did review Hometown Hero juices, and yeah, some of 'em were sent to us for review. Same goes for other businesses in the past. But I've removed those reviews now 'cause it's a conflict of interest, ya feel me?

How do you really feel about all this?

I'm a cynical dude, no doubt. But puttin' my cynicism aside, I like to think that these peeps ain't gonna invest time and money into burnin' down what we've built. Look, if they go against our values and start shilling like crazy, I'm out. Simple as that. But for now, I'm cautiously optimistic, ya know?

So, how's it goin' so far?

Eh, it had its rocky moments, no lie. Communication was a bit iffy at first, but we've sorted through that mess. After over a month, we finally got a system in place for effective communication. I've been in this game for so long and we've had so many dope ideas, so I think we can collaborate well to make this site even better. It's lookin' up, my friends.

What's your goal in all of this?

Keepin' things true to our values and mission, baby. I had big dreams for this site, and I wanna see 'em come true. But if our rules and legitimacy get sacrificed for money, I'm outta here, no question.

I wanna help, bro!

Dope! Shoot me a PM and let me know why you're down to help and what you can bring to the table. This ain't a paid gig, but we could definitely use some mods up in here.

If you need to reach me, hit me up at <email> or drop me a message on here.

I just had to keep it honest, y'all. If Juicedb starts goin' downhill or veers off track, I'm bouncin'. But for now, I'm stayin' hopeful. ECR has been our home, my home, for ages, and I appreciate all the support over the years. Let's keep it rollin', fam.

You got your own opinions on this whole shebang, and that's cool. Feel free to ask more questions, give feedback, whatever. I'll do my best to answer and pass it along to the new owners. If there's stuff you don't like or wanna see changed, I wanna know. Let's make this community even better together, alright?

Peace out, my fellow vapers. Stay cloudy and keep on juicin'!
------
Hey there, gotta be honest, I made this account just to respond to your post, but I can't help but wonder which university you were at - Cambridge or Anglia Ruskin? Like, I don't have much advice if it's the latter, so sorry 'bout that. But if it's Cambridge, well, let me tell ya, as an undergrad there, you're not supposed to work during term time. It's like a big no-no, you know? Unless you somehow managed to fool your tutor or Director of Studies (DOS) while juggling your crazy workload and a job, or if you were a postgrad, then maybe you got away with it. 'Cause, trust me, someone would've noticed if you were an undergrad busting your ass behind a bar. I mean, there aren't many pubs in Cambridge, and they're usually filled with staff, so an undergrad working there would stick out like a sore thumb.

So, assuming you were a postgrad or at ARU, well, I guess it's a different story. But if you were at Cambridge as an undergrad, dude, you should've reported this to someone at the university ages ago! Sure, you might've gotten in some minor trouble for having the job, but the university would've been stoked that you came forward. It doesn't matter that it happened off-campus, they still would've taken some action. Trust me on this one.

If you were part of a college, whether as a grad or undergrad, even if it was a decade ago as you claim, seriously, reach out to someone at the college. Like your old tutor, DOS, or even the current senior tutor you've never met. They would really appreciate you getting in touch and letting them know what happened. I get it, you might not want the hassle or be scared of causing a scene, but they'll probably just say thanks and leave you alone. The colleges and the university are super invested in their students' well-being while they're on campus, and they want to know about stuff like this. So take a leap and do the right thing.

Now, I'm not familiar with how things work at Anglia Ruskin, but I'm sure they've got some procedures in place too. So if that's where you were, you might wanna look into it.

I know this all sounds kinda trivial, and maybe it's silly that I made an account just to tell you this, but let me tell ya, this kind of behavior isn't a one-off thing. And who knows, maybe the pub owner is still around, and if you let the university know, it could prevent others from going through the same crap, or even worse. People who experience messed up stuff like this often feel dumb or like they're overreacting when they report it, and that's thanks to a screwed-up culture of victim-blaming and toxic masculinity. So, seriously, I really hope you reported or will report this. I'm truly sorry that this crappy situation happened to you, and I sincerely hope you're having a kickass career now.

Peace out.
------
Damn, can't believe I wasted my time reading this whole post. Who does this person think they are? Rambling on and on, trying to sound all intelligent and shit. Just get to the damn point already!

So apparently, they're talking about some drug legalization or whatever. I guess they're pro-legalization and think that the whole "gateway drug" argument is a load of crap. Honestly, I kind of agree with them on that. I mean, come on, if weed was legal, it wouldn't magically make everyone start doing heroin or some shit. People need to chill with their scare tactics, man.

But seriously, this guy needs to learn how to make their point without going off on a million tangents. Like, they bring up some random argument about gay acceptance and how some people used to say it's something you're born with. Yeah, no shit Sherlock. Most people nowadays know that sexuality isn't a choice. But what the hell does that have to do with drug legalization? Stay on topic, dude.

And then they start preaching about how it's important to consider opposing views and not rely on lies to push your agenda. Yeah, no duh. That's like common sense. But I highly doubt anyone on here is intentionally spreading lies just to support their cause. Well, maybe some trolls, but they're just idiots looking for attention.

Oh great, now they're questioning their own argument. Way to be consistent, buddy. They're saying there might not even be a psychological effect in breaking down mental barriers. So why the hell did they waste all this time arguing in favor of legalization? I'm so confused right now.

Look, here's my take on it. Laws against harmless stuff like weed only make things worse. People are gonna do what they wanna do anyway, so why not just make it legal and regulate it? Plus, making it illegal just makes it seem more rebellious and cool. It's like when someone tells you not to do something, you wanna do it even more. So making weed illegal actually makes it more of a "gateway drug" than if it was legal. See, I can make a concise point without blabbering on for 600 words.

Alright, I've had enough of this nonsense. Time to move on to a post that actually makes sense. This subreddit is full of all sorts of crazy shit. Gotta love the internet, man.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I gotta rant about this whole gear situation in WoW. So back in the day during the Warlords of Draenor expansion, you could spam Ashran all day long and get a full set of gear from honor. But let me tell you, it wasn't the best gear out there. Nope, it was inferior to both rated PvP gear and PvE gear. So basically, it was just a quick way to get some entry-level gear for your fresh alts.

Now, here's the thing. This was only really possible because of Ashran, which ain't even in the game anymore. So it's not really an issue these days. But even back then, you had to put in the time and effort to farm that gear. And honestly, I didn't see a problem with that. I mean, you would literally have to play all day to farm every piece of gear for a character, assuming you were actually winning. If not, well, it would take even longer.

But once you had that gear, you could move on to arenas or the current PvE content to actually start gearing up properly. It served as a great catch-up mechanic for alts, you know? It didn't give you the best gear, but at least it didn't leave you so far behind. You feel me?

But apparently, Blizzard thought this was a problem. They removed this PvP gearing option for Legion, but then they introduced another quick gearing mechanic. In Legion, you could buy stuff on your main and send it to your alts to gear them up right away, as long as you farmed the currency for it on your main. Like, seriously?

I mean, at least with the PvP gearing in WoD, you had to actually use that character and earn the gear. But now, BAM! You hit max level on your alt and BOOM! You're geared to the teeth. That's just lazy, man.

I guess the issue is that people who didn't enjoy PvP found it easier in WoD to catch up on gear through PvP by leeching off others. But then these same people turn around and complain about having to do PvP to gear up quickly, despite the fact that there are plenty of ways to gear up through PvE. They just wanted a faster and lazier way, you know?

But here's the kicker. PvP players now have no reasonable way to farm gear and are forced to do PvE for it, even if they don't enjoy PvE. Like, what's up with that, Blizzard? You removed the choice for us PvP players and now we have to venture into the game type we don't enjoy? That's just not cool, man.

If Blizzard gave us a reliable way to gear our alts through PvP like we could in WoD, I guarantee you I would be playing all of my alts way more often. And you know what that means? I'd stay subscribed to this game for a lot longer. So come on, Blizzard, bring back the good ol' days of PvP gearing, and maybe you'll keep more of us dedicated players around. Peace out!
------
Alright, let me start by saying how ridiculous it is to compare sets like this. I mean, seriously, who cares about the probability of opening a specific card in a draft? It's all just luck anyways. But since you asked, let's break it down.

So apparently, in a draft of Aether Revolt, there's a 70% chance of opening a Fatal Push. Now, don't get me wrong, Fatal Push is a great card and all, but really? Are we supposed to be impressed by this? I mean, there's still a 30% chance of not opening one. That's almost a third of the time! And let's not forget that small set drafts are always underdrafted compared to large sets. So really, who cares about Fatal Push?

Let's compare it to an uncommon from a regular large set. Apparently, there's a 61% chance of opening a given uncommon in those sets. Wow, such a big difference! I mean, sarcasm aside, that's only a 9% increase. Big whoop. And let's not forget that Aether Revolt is probably drafted way less than Dominaria. So even if there are more Fatal Pushes opened in Aether Revolt, it doesn't really matter because there are just so many more drafts of Dominaria. It's simple math, really.

And let's talk about rares. Apparently, there's a 1.9% chance of opening a Chainwhirler in a pack of Dominaria. Again, who cares? Sure, it might be a popular card, but that doesn't mean it's worth anything. And let's not forget that only about 21 packs have a rare in any given draft. So what's the big deal? There's still a 65% chance of not opening a Chainwhirler. And even if Dominaria is drafted twice as heavily as Aether Revolt, which I highly doubt, that still doesn't change the fact that Fatal Push is just as prevalent as Chainwhirler. And don't even get me started on mythics. Who cares about those?

The bottom line is, the price of Fatal Push has nothing to do with its scarcity or how many were opened in drafts. It's all about supply and demand, my friends. And right now, for some reason, people are willing to pay a lot for this card. Maybe it's because it's just that good, or maybe it's because people are just stupid. I don't know, and I honestly don't care.

So stop worrying about the numbers and just play the damn game. If you want to spend your hard-earned money on a piece of cardboard, go ahead. But don't come crying to me when you realize it's not worth a damn thing. Because at the end of the day, it's all just a big joke. Magic is just a game, and cards are just pieces of paper. So stop taking it so seriously and just have fun.
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! So, I came across this post and couldn't help but chime in. I mean, seriously, does it not do much or does it literally help calm you down? It's like asking if chocolate doesn't taste good or if it literally makes your taste buds explode with pleasure. Ugh.

But let me tell you, the second part of the question hits close to home for me. I remember when I was going through my ADHD screening, someone asked me if the more I drink, the sleepier or "more zombie" like I feel. Well, let me tell you, I get a much better burst of energy by drinking, particularly while being constantly stimulated, such as while playing video games. It's like the perfect combo, you know?

Now, hold your horses, I'm not saying you have ADHD or anything. But hey, you definitely might want to get screened. Just throwing that out there. Oh, and if you're wondering whether hyperfocus is your thing, let me ask you this: Do you start playing video games and next thing you know, it's 5 hours later and you haven't eaten, drank anything, or even gone to the bathroom? Because, trust me, been there, done that!

Oh, and then there's the whole jumping from hobby to hobby situation. Do you ever find yourself researching every single aspect of a hobby, buying all the kits, accessories, and the newest fad item in the hobby community, only to completely lose interest a few months later? Yeah, I feel you. It's like trying to catch a wave but wiping out before you even get close. Will we ever find our "true" hobby that we can actually stick to? Who knows?

And hey, how about that delayed mouth filter? Ever find yourself telling yourself to stop saying something in the middle of saying it, but you just can't stop? It's like your brain is on a different time zone, always lagging behind.

Cleaning? Oh man, don't even get me started. I get overwhelmed by it all. I move from one cleaning task to another, without actually getting anything done. It's like trying to juggle flaming bowling balls while riding a unicycle. Not a pretty sight, trust me.

Let's talk finances. Impulsive decisions, anyone? Like seriously, do you make those bad financial choices without even thinking? It's like "Oh, shiny new thing, take my money!" And then regret hits you like a truck. Been there, done that, ended up with a closet full of regrets.

But hey, at least we're superhuman when it comes to context clues, right? I mean, we can space out when someone is talking to us and still understand what they said. It's like having a built-in superpower, understanding the unsaid words.

Now, emotions? Yeah, they're a rollercoaster ride. Anger and love are harder to control than your peers? Ain't that the truth! It's like trying to hold back a raging bull while being chased by Cupid shooting arrows at your heart. Good luck with that.

Oh boy, the immaturity comments. They're so fun, aren't they? People think we're immature just because we can't keep a clean house, always put our foot in our mouth, struggle to stick to a budget, forget things we were told to do just ten minutes ago, and procrastinate till the last second. But hey, who needs maturity when life's a playground, right?

And let's not forget about doing our best work under the gun, fueled by adrenaline. I mean, why bother starting early when you can wait until the world is about to end? It's like running a marathon without training, but somehow managing to sprint like Usain Bolt at the end. A true masterpiece.

Problem-solving, now that's an interesting one. Going from step A to B to C? Ha! That's for mere mortals. We prefer to jump from A to Z, leaving everyone around us looking like confused pandas. It's like we have a secret shortcut built into our brains. Shh, don't tell anyone!

And finally, let's talk about our thought processes. They're like a mixtape gone wrong. It's like, "Look at that cute squirrel, they like nuts, man I could go for a peanut butter jelly sandwich, it's peanut butter jelly time, po-ta-toes boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew, oh fuck, I need to focus. Wait, just one more video. Oh, that looks like an interesting hobby, let's shop around Amazon for 10 minutes, and okay, back to work. Wait, what? Fuck, it's been 3 hours?! How did that happen?!"

Oh, and let's not forget the 50 TVs and 50 radio stations playing through our heads at once. It's a symphony of chaos up there. Good luck finding the remote to turn it all off.

Lastly, check out this comment from a long time ago, and see if you relate to it at all. It's like finding a long-lost twin, and suddenly everything makes sense.

So yeah, if you deal with a lot or even some of these things, you might want to consider talking to a doctor about the issue. It could be worth it, who knows? Anyway, stay awesome, folks, and keep embracing your quirks!
------
Alright, here's my impolite and informal post on a new thread in the subreddit:

Yo, listen up, peeps! I gotta tell you about my cat named Loki. This dude is something else, I swear. So, a few years back, we had to move outta our place real quick 'cause the landlord was a total scam artist. Turns out, he wasn't even paying the mortgage with our rent money. Can you believe that shit? Anyways, amidst all the chaos, Loki managed to escape, and I was devastated.

Fast forward three years, we move back to the same area, and guess what? We hear rumors about this big gray tomcat who's ruling the strip in the nearby lakeside town. And get this, we couldn't believe it, but turns out, it was our Loki! I mean, how the hell did this guy survive on his own for three freaking years? He must be living some Disney story or something.

Apparently, this little charmer was prowling around restaurants, bars, and even the damn gas station! People were feeding him left, right, and center. He had everyone wrapped around his little paw. The gas station folks even bought him food and everything. I mean, seriously, who needs an owner when you can get warm milk and chicken from random strangers, right?

So, we started asking around about him, and this lady who saved him agreed to help us out. She lured him into a bathroom and held him there until we could come get him. Let me tell you, it was a damn emotional moment. I called his name, and he climbed me like a tree. That poor lady was crying tears of joy, bless her heart.

We finally got him home, got him neutered (no more babies for this dude), and guess what? He's reverted to acting like a full-blown indoor kitten. Seriously, this dude snores, drools, and clings to me like his life depends on it. I think all that starving and getting fed by fancy restaurants has given him an insatiable craving for people food. He'll do anything for a taste of our leftovers, I'm telling ya.

Now here's the juiciest part. We found out that Loki fathered a bunch of kittens during his wild escapades. One time, he even sneaked into someone's house and impregnated a purebred ragdoll. Can you imagine that? Talk about spreading the love!

But here's where it gets even crazier. We recently adopted another stray cat named Ash, and I swear the similarities between him and Loki are mind-boggling. Ash could be like Loki's distant nephew or something. They look so alike, physically-speaking, and their mannerisms are creepily similar too. Plus, we know Ash was previously someone's house cat 'cause he knows how to use a litter pan and stuff. So, it's not too far-fetched to think that someone in the nearby area adopted a stray kitten related to Loki and then dumped Ash near us later on. People can be heartless, man.

It feels kinda special, though, knowing that Ash has walked into my life. Like, another piece of Loki will live on even after he's gone. It's like destiny or some shit, you know? And let me tell you, Loki's getting older now, so having Ash around gives me some comfort, like there'll always be a part of Loki with me.

So yeah, that's my crazy story about Loki and Ash. Life is just full of surprises, ain't it?
------
Alright, let me just start by saying that I really don't understand what you're trying to argue here. Like, are you seriously suggesting that God shouldn't use miracles because it's somehow not as cool or impressive as setting up physical laws to accomplish his goals? That's just ridiculous.

I mean, think about it. If God has the power to perform miracles, why the hell wouldn't he? It's like having cheat codes in a video game. You know those cheat codes that give you all the weapons and unlimited lives? Well, wouldn't you use them if you had the chance? Of course, you would! So why should God be any different?

And don't even get me started on your whole "infinite possible worlds" argument. Seriously, what's that got to do with anything? Just because there might be infinite universes out there doesn't mean that God can't perform miracles. It's like saying, "Oh, you can only have one slice of pizza because there are infinite pizzas in the world." It just makes no sense.

And another thing, why are you so hung up on whether or not miracles are really supernatural? Who cares? If people believe they witnessed a miracle, then it's a miracle to them. End of story. I don't see how your whole "interpretation" argument holds any water. I mean, do you think all the miracles in the Bible were just natural occurrences? Come on, man, get real.

Look, I don't want to argue with you here. I'm just trying to understand the restrictions you're putting on God and show you how he can still save everyone. So far, all I've gathered is that you don't want him to break physical laws too often. Fine, whatever. But guess what? He can still work within those laws and make everything happen the way he wants. It's called being resourceful.

And hey, if you've got any other restrictions you want to add, go ahead. Let's hear 'em. Because honestly, I think this whole argument is just getting more and more pointless. I mean, we're talking about a divine being here. The rules that apply to us mere mortals don't necessarily apply to him. So let's just cut the crap and accept that miracles are awesome, and God can do whatever the hell he wants.

In conclusion, miracles are not cheat codes, they're just God being awesome. Infinite possible worlds don't mean squat when it comes to God's abilities. And who cares if miracles are supernatural or not? They're miracles to the people who witness them. So let's not overcomplicate things and just enjoy the awesomeness that is God and his miracles. Okay? Okay.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I just came across this question and damn, it hits close to home. See, I've been in a similar situation, surrounded by a bunch of libertarian dudes on Facebook who were all supportive at first, but then turned into complete assholes. They started calling my homie Augustus a "silly goth larper" and basically mocked me for taking him seriously. Like, what the actual fuck?

Now, whether dismissing these fools is a good idea or not, that's a tough one. We gotta be specific here, you know? What kind of dismissal are we talking about? Which specific groups? In what context? 'Cause let me tell you, straight up dismissing Augustus as a whole ain't wise. Some of these losers might just fade away when they get ignored, but some are ticking time bombs. And my gut feeling says Augustus falls into that latter category. When I found out he was a fascist, I actually thought about trying to engage him in conversation and maybe change his messed up views. But y'all, that shit's futile. Trust me.

Now, here's something I've noticed - there's definitely a link between sexual frustration and joining these messed up groups. Society has drilled into men's brains that their worth is determined by how good they are with the ladies. But let's face it, finding intimacy ain't always easy, even if you're trying your best. On top of that, society tells men they can only want sex, not emotional connections. Crazy, right? So, when these dudes join these fringe groups, they can feel like they're still manly without relying on women's approval. It's like they create this warped world where they can act however the fuck they want, not giving a damn about what women think.

I gotta spill some tea here too. As a sex worker, I've come across clients who fit the reactionary or incel stereotype. Some of these dudes straight up hate me, like I'm forcing them to give me their cash. But most of the time, it ain't that harsh. When I sense a client is on the fringes of society with zero social skills, I try to validate their emotions without endorsing their messed up views or embarrassing them. It's all about finding that balance, you feel me? And here's the cool part - in my conversations with them, I've actually been able to challenge their fucked up beliefs about gender and sexuality, especially if they become regular customers. It's like a little victory in my job, and damn, it's entertaining as hell.

Alright, hope that all makes sense to y'all. Stay real and keep fighting the good fight! Peace out, Reddit fam!
------
Hey guys, I'm in need of some advice for my upcoming PC build. I've got this old case from my dad's ancient computer and I think it might still do the job. I'll post a picture in the comments so you can see what I'm working with. Also, I dug up an old PSU that I think might work, but I wanted to double-check before I dive into this build.

Here's the link to the case: <url>

And the PSU I found: <url>

On top of that, I can get Windows 10 Education and Microsoft Office through my university, which is a major plus. But let me tell you, my keyboard, mouse, and monitor are straight up garbage. And don't get me started on the pile of old fans I have lying around. Seriously, it's like a graveyard of outdated technology.

Now, let's talk about my motherboard choice. I went with this one: <url> even though I could have gone cheaper. Hear me out though - I plan on upgrading this bad boy piece by piece in the future. I want to eventually get a second monitor, add more RAM, throw in a massive mechanical drive, and who knows, even another 1080. So yeah, that's why I went for a beefy power supply. I don't want to spend extra money later on, you know?

I'm looking for feedback on my plan here, folks. I'm open to suggestions. I'm not entirely convinced that this is the best motherboard for me, and I'd love to hear what you all think about the monitor. Keep in mind, I'm definitely planning on getting a second one. I'm also torn between high frame rates or high resolution. I don't think I want to shell out the cash for both, but maybe you guys can convince me otherwise. As for the keyboard, it's just a temporary solution until I can get my hands on a mechanical switch sampler. I'm dead set on a backlit one, though. No red, orange, purple, or yellow for me. And as for the mouse, I think it looks pretty sweet, but if there's something cheaper that works just as well, let me know.

Oh, and what other odds and ends do I need besides a screwdriver? Maybe something for cable management? Do I need to grab a SATA cable for my SSD? Any other cables or parts I should be aware of?

One more thing, the super budget build I'm considering is skipping the graphics card and relying on the integrated graphics from the motherboard. I'll also be using my old DVD/CD drive instead of splurging on a Blu-ray/DVD/CD drive. This setup will mainly be used for web browsing and schoolwork.

Speaking of school, I plan on using this computer for both work and gaming. So I'll be doing a lot of web browsing, watching movies, running programs like Matlab, Eagle, and Autodesk, as well as gaming. I'm not sure exactly which games I'll be playing yet, but I want to make sure I can handle Fallout 76 and previous games, as well as Kerbal Space Program and Cities: Skylines.

My current PC is a 6-year-old HP laptop with an i3 and integrated graphics. The only game I play on it is occasionally Halo CE online, and trust me, it gets hotter than heck just doing that. Right now, I've got an Xbox One for my gaming fix, but I really want to join the PC Master Race properly.

So that's where I'm at right now, folks. I'm counting on you guys to point me in the right direction. Help a fellow Redditor out!
------
Hey guys, I just stumbled upon this subreddit and I gotta say, I've got some thoughts on this whole Stark family situation. Brace yourselves, it's gonna be a wild ride.

So, let's talk about the downfall of the Starks. We all know it started with those darn twins, Robb and Catelyn. Their idiotic actions led to Ned's beheading by Cersei's snot-nosed son, Joffrey. And that was the turning point, people. The Stark family just couldn't catch a break after that.

But here's the juicy part. If you pay attention to who takes vengeance on those who betrayed Ned, it's his badass kids. Arya, that little spitfire, takes out Janos, Littlefinger, and eventually Cersei (trust me, the books totally predict Sansa killing that snake). Talk about poetic justice!

Now, you may be wondering why George R.R. Martin chose Lord of the Rings as his grand inspiration for this series. Well, my friends, let me enlighten you. Jon Snow is basically Aragorn in disguise. I mean, come on, it's so obvious. And then there's this whole Ice and Narsil thing going on. Ice, the mighty Valyrian steel sword of House Stark, is gonna be reforged into Lightbringer, mark my words. I can back this up with three book quotes, if you want (just ask nicely).

Tolkien himself said that when Narsil, the broken blade, gets reforged, it represents the return of the king and the restoration of the line of Gondor. So, when Ice gets broken (right around the time of the Red Wedding, mind you), it's symbolizing the assumed death of the last Starks and the rise of the Lannisters. But guess what? Arya and Sansa ain't dead, my friends. They're gonna play a major role in the restoration of the Stark family legacy.

Okay, are you still with me? Good, because here comes the real kicker. The second forging of Lightbringer requires the heart of a captured lion, and guess who's gonna give Cersei the gift of mercy? Yep, you guessed it, Arya with her trusty widow's wail (which by the way, hasn't even made it into Jaime's hands in the books).

And here's where it gets even more interesting. After Arya does her thing with Cersei, she's gonna reforge the swords into one epic greatsword. See, Arya named her sword "needle" after her stitching skills, so it's like she's metaphorically stitching the blades back together. It's all there in her very first chapter in the very first book, people. The clues have been right under our noses!

If you want more details on this mind-blowing theory, I've got this awesome link that breaks it down. Seriously, it's gonna answer all your questions and blow your mind. Check it out: <insert URL>

So, there you have it. The Starks are gonna rise again, thanks to the actions of their badass kids and a little help from some epic sword reforging. It's gonna be one hell of a ride, my friends. Buckle up!

P.S. I'm open to a friendly debate if you dare challenge my theory. But don't bother unless you've got some solid evidence to bring to the table. Trust me, I've done my homework.
------
Hey guys, I stumbled upon this subreddit and I gotta say, cults are some messed up shit. Like seriously, who in their right mind would willingly join a group that brainwashes them and controls every aspect of their life? It's just mind-boggling to me.

I mean, I get it that there's no legal definition for cults in France, but come on, we all know what a cult is. It's a bunch of crazy people led by some manipulative and power-hungry leader who takes advantage of vulnerable individuals. And don't even get me started on the psychological tactics they use to keep their members trapped. It's straight-up messed up.

I read some research papers about cult commitment and let me tell you, it's like falling down a never-ending rabbit hole. There are theories about narcissistic seduction and how cults slowly suck you in until you're completely under their control. They prey on your vulnerabilities, use your emotions against you, and cut you off from any outside influence. It's a slow and calculated process that eventually leaves you feeling empty and unable to make choices for yourself. It's total manipulation, man.

And get this, despite all the negative consequences of being in a cult, people still stay. It's like they're addicted or something. Some researchers even compared cult membership to addictive disorders, saying that there are similar neurophysiological mechanisms at play. So basically, being in a cult messes with your brain and keeps you hooked.

But here's the thing, there must be some factors that can help someone break free from the cult's grip. I mean, it's not all doom and gloom, right? There have to be protective factors that can help someone leave the group. Unfortunately, these factors are rare and unpredictable because cults have such a tight hold on their members.

So yeah, cults are a messed up phenomenon and I'm glad I'm just a casual observer reading about them on Reddit. I can't even imagine the horror of actually being in one. Stay safe out there, folks, and stay far away from any cultish behavior. Trust me, you don't want to go down that road.

(And sorry for not providing a URL, I'm too lazy to find one. But hey, you're on Reddit, so you can find all the info you need here!)
------
I seriously cannot believe what I just read. Are you kidding me? Are you seriously arguing that optimization and efficiency are not important in software development? Have you ever actually worked in the industry? Because it sure doesn't sound like it.

First of all, let's address your point about features selling. Yes, features are important, but guess what? If your software is slow and buggy, no one is going to want to use it, regardless of how many fancy features it has. Speed and performance are crucial factors in user experience, and if you ignore them, you're setting yourself up for failure. Users want a software product that is fast, responsive, and doesn't crash every five minutes. It's that simple.

And don't even get me started on maintainability. Sure, using an ORM might save you some time initially, but what happens when your code base starts growing and becomes more complex? What happens when you need to make changes and updates? Good luck trying to navigate through a mess of automatically generated code and dealing with all the limitations and quirks of the ORM. Handwritten SQL might take a bit more time upfront, but it pays off in the long run when you have a clean, maintainable codebase that can be easily modified and extended.

Oh, and let's not forget about time to market. Yes, being first to market can give you an advantage, but what good is it if your software is riddled with bugs and performance issues? Users will quickly abandon your product and move on to a competitor that actually delivers a quality experience. It's not about rushing things out the door as quickly as possible, it's about finding the right balance between speed and quality. And trust me, users appreciate a well-optimized and polished product.

And speaking of quality, let's talk about payload size. Sure, using tools like React or Angular might increase the payload size, but they also provide a ton of benefits in terms of code organization, maintainability, and developer productivity. It's not just about reducing payload size, it's about finding the right tools and technologies that will help you build a robust and scalable application. Sacrificing all that just to shave off a few kilobytes is simply short-sighted.

So, in conclusion, I strongly disagree with your stance on optimization and efficiency in software development. Ignoring these factors is a recipe for disaster and will only lead to frustration and dissatisfaction among users. It's time to stop making excuses and start prioritizing what really matters: delivering high-quality software that meets the needs and expectations of users. So, please, step off your high horse and start focusing on what truly matters in this industry.
------
Alright, I get it. You want an informal and impolite response, so here goes.

First of all, can we just talk about how stupid it is to say that dating apps are toxic? Like seriously, what kind of weak-ass argument is that? Sure, I can understand that some people might have bad experiences with them, but that doesn't mean they're toxic for everyone.

You say you never heard anyone complain about dating apps? Well, newsflash buddy, maybe you need to get out of your little bubble. There are plenty of people out there who have had terrible experiences with these apps. From catfishing to ghosting, these apps can be a freaking nightmare.

And what's this nonsense about meeting potential partners organically? Are you stuck in the 1950s or something? Sure, going to nightclubs, bars, and all those fancy events can work for some people, but not everyone wants to spend their weekends getting wasted just to find a date.

As for your comment about jobs, yeah, sure, most people can change jobs if they have to. But finding a good job? That's a whole different story. You think it's easy to find a job that pays well and makes you happy? Ha! Good luck with that, especially in this crappy economy.

And what's with your friend in Greece? So he works in a restaurant surrounded by hot girls, but he's too scared to flirt with any of them? Dude, that's his problem. If he wants to be forever alone, that's on him. Don't generalize his situation to the rest of us.

Oh, and let's not forget your ageist and judgmental comments. So if a guy is in his mid-30s and still single, you automatically assume he's defective? Wow, talk about being shallow. Maybe he just hasn't found the right person yet, or maybe he's focusing on his career or other priorities. You don't know his life, so stop making assumptions.

And seriously, what's with your obsession with marriage? Not everyone wants to get married, and that's perfectly fine. Just because someone is in their 40s and single doesn't mean there's something wrong with them. Maybe they enjoy their independence or haven't found the right person to settle down with. It's their choice, so stop acting like it's some kind of crime.

Look, I get it. You probably think you're being all mature and wise with your judgments, but honestly, you just sound like a narrow-minded and ignorant individual. People's lives and relationships are complex, and you can't just put them into neat little boxes based on age or relationship status.

So next time, before you start spewing your judgmental crap on Reddit, maybe take a step back and consider that there's more to people's stories than meets the eye. And try not to be such a condescending prick while you're at it. Thank you and have a mediocre day.
------
Man, this shit is hilarious! I mean, seriously, as someone who knows a thing or two about AI programming, let me drop some knowledge on you. Those guys missing their shots on purpose? Yeah, that's not some random glitch or whatever. It's actually intentional!

You see, when it comes to AI like this, the goal isn't just to make them hit every shot and be all OP. Nah, it's about making them miss in a way that makes sense within the context of the game. It's about creating a hit/miss ratio that seems believable. Now, I know what you're thinking, why the hell would they want the AI to miss? Well, there's a method to the madness.

In this particular scenario, it looks like the programmers have set the AI to a "make some noise but don't hurt each other" mode. Basically, they're just there to add some extra action and make it seem like there are allies in the mix. But when it comes to actually shooting at the player, they're deliberately missing those shots. And you know why? Because if these AI snipers were taking out all your targets, you'd be one pissed-off player, my friend.

Think about it. Imagine you're playing a game and the police AI starts sniping all your enemies before you even get a chance. That would totally ruin the fun and challenge, right? So, the programmers have to find a balance between having enough allies to help out, but not so many that they take away all the action from the player. It's a delicate dance, my friend.

Now, assuming the player is always on the move, this approach is probably sufficient. But as you can see, it looks downright ridiculous when the player stops and just watches these AI clowns missing their shots. It's like watching a bunch of blindfolded monkeys trying to hit a bullseye. And let me tell you, tackling this issue is a whole new can of worms.

Deciding when to switch modes and have the AI do something different is a tricky problem. How do you detect the specific scenario where the player is just chilling and observing? You don't want the AI to suddenly turn on you when you're innocently looking away for a second. That would suck big time. So, the programmers have to come up with some fancy algorithms to determine if the player is facing the AI, if they're in the line of sight, and if the player hasn't made any aggressive moves for a certain amount of time. It's a whole performance just to figure that shit out!

And let me share a little anecdote with you. The lead designer of God of War, yeah, that awesome game, he was talking about how players, us crazy gamers, we often do things that make no frickin' sense. Like in the beginning of the game, there was this breathtaking vista, all sorts of cool stuff to draw you in. But instead of going forward like a normal person, most seasoned gamers would turn around and run towards the background, testing the limits of the game world. I mean, seriously, why the hell would you do that?

But here's the thing, my friend. It's not just some weird impulse. It's our way of exploring and pushing the boundaries of this new virtual reality we're in. We wanna know if we can swim in water, if there's fall damage, if we can climb shit, you name it. It's like being a toddler discovering the real world, but we're doing it in a game. And you know what? This kind of behavior puts a hell of a lot of pressure on the designers and programmers.

They usually think we'll play their game the "right" way, but we're rebels, man! We wanna see what's possible, what secrets lie beyond the beaten path. And that means more work for those poor souls who create these games. But hey, shoutout to Nintendo for nailing it with Breath of the Wild. They understood that sometimes, you gotta have those pointless moments where enemies are just goofing around, having wordless arguments, picking their noses, and roasting fish. It's all about grounding the game in a way that constant misses just can't achieve.

So, my fellow Redditors, don't bash the AI too hard. I get it, it looks ridiculous when they keep missing like amateurs, but trust me, it's not all bad AI. It's just a design oversight that hopefully gets patched in the future. And let's give a shoutout to those hardworking programmers trying to figure out when to switch modes and make the game feel more organic. They're dealing with a whole lot of CPU usage and putting in long hours to make the gaming experience as immersive as possible. That's life in the gaming industry, my friends.
------
Wow, really? Do you have a source for any of that? Because from where I'm sitting, it sounds like a bunch of baloney. Let's break it down, shall we?

First, you claimed that Trump has brought back businesses and jobs to the U.S. by giving them incentives. Well, what businesses are you talking about? Are you referring to those Carrier jobs that Trump made such a big fuss about during his election campaign? Guess what? Those jobs are gone now. Yeah, they didn't actually stick around like he promised. So much for bringing jobs back, huh? Maybe next time he should focus on actually delivering instead of just making empty promises.

Next, you mentioned repealing Obamacare. While I agree that we should have some form of free healthcare, let's get one thing straight: Trump hasn't actually repealed Obamacare. He only eliminated the individual mandate, which is just one piece of the puzzle. The Affordable Care Act is still very much alive and kicking. So, sorry to burst your bubble, but Trump hasn't done anything significant in terms of healthcare reform.

And speaking of healthcare, you claim that the repeal is projected to increase GDP. Well, according to what numbers? Because everything I've read suggests that a total repeal of Obamacare would actually cost a whopping 350 billion dollars over the course of 10 years. Yeah, you heard that right. By eliminating Obamacare without a proper alternative, it would be a disaster for our economy. So let's not pretend that this repeal is some magical solution that will boost our GDP. It's just wishful thinking.

Now, let's talk about GDP and unemployment. You seem to believe that Trump has miraculously turned things around and that the numbers prove it. Well, guess what? The numbers don't lie, but Trump certainly does. Sure, the GDP had a good last quarter under his administration, but that doesn't mean Obama didn't have similarly good quarters during his time in office. In fact, Obama had four quarters of higher GDP growth and several more with roughly the same level of growth. So let's not act like Trump is some economic genius when Obama had comparable success.

And let's not forget that almost 20% of that recent GDP growth was due to the tax cuts. Yeah, those tax cuts that were supposed to be so great for the economy are actually going to more than double the federal deficit by next year. So much for fiscal responsibility, huh? And while unemployment may be going down, wages have stagnated under Trump. Under Obama, wages were actually going up. So don't be fooled by the unemployment rate, because it's not telling the whole story.

Look, I understand that you want Trump to succeed. We all want America to be great and prosperous. But let's face it, the guy is a pathological liar. He lies about everything, even the little things like the size of his inauguration crowd. So why would you trust him when it comes to something as important as the economy? The people in that video are laughing at him because they know he's full of it. They're not afraid to call him out on his lies, and neither should you. So let's stop buying into this nonsense and start holding our leaders accountable for their actions.
------
So, I came across this post and I gotta say, I totally disagree with most of what you're saying. I mean, come on! The Witcher 3 is the bomb. Sure, it's not perfect, but it's far from being a disappointment.

First off, I gotta address your complaint about the main quest. Yeah, maybe it's a bit long, but that's what makes it epic! It's not meant to be something you can just breeze through in a couple of hours. And hey, if you find combat easy, maybe you're just a gaming god or something. But for us mere mortals, it can be a challenge. I mean, have you tried playing on Death March? That mode is no joke.

And as for the side quests, man, they're amazing. Each one has its own unique story and dialogue, which makes it feel like you're actually doing something important and not just some random task. And let's not forget the little twists and choices that make you question your actions. It's all about the immersion, my friend.

Now, let's talk about your complaints about the endgame. Sure, by that point Geralt is pretty much unstoppable, but isn't that the whole point? I mean, who doesn't want to feel like a badass witcher taking down monsters left and right? And yeah, maybe a few tweaks here and there could have made it more challenging, but it doesn't ruin the overall experience.

And dude, seriously? You're complaining about the lore and atmosphere? It's an RPG, not a survival game or a medieval combat simulator. Of course, there are gonna be elements of crafting and stuff. And about wanting a realistic witcher experience, come on, man. Geralt is a mutant. He's not supposed to be just a regular guy swinging a sword. That's what makes him awesome.

Now, you mentioned Skyrim and Mass Effect as examples of games that offer more. Yeah, they're great in their own ways, but they're not perfect either. Skyrim might have been more sandboxy, but let's be real, it had its fair share of fetch quests too. And Mass Effect, while having some cool choices and romances, lacked in dialogue options sometimes.

Look, I get that everyone has their own opinions, and that's cool. But if you're gonna criticize a game like The Witcher 3, at least bring some solid arguments to back it up. Don't just say it's disappointing without explaining why. And don't expect it to be something it's not.

In the end, The Witcher 3 is an incredible game that offers an immersive world, epic quests, and a kick-ass protagonist. So, if you're gonna hate on it, man, you're missing out on one hell of an experience.
------
Hey guys, I stumbled upon this verse from John and I gotta say, it's got me confused. Like seriously, what's up with the different translations? Can someone please explain this to me?

So, we've got the good ol' King James version saying "in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god." Pretty straightforward, right? But then we've got this New World Translation saying "in the beginning the word was, and the word was with god, and the word was a god." Wait, hold up a second! "A god"? What does that even mean?

I mean, let's look at the context here, people. We've got verse 18 saying "no one has ever seen god," and then verse 14 talking about how "the word became flesh and dwelt among us." So if Jesus became flesh, and he's the word, then how can he be God when no one has seen God? It just doesn't add up, you know?

And don't even get me started on Jesus calling the Father "the only true God" in John 17:3. If Jesus himself says that, then how can he be "a god"? It seems to me like calling him "a god" just means he's got some divine qualities or something, not that he's actually God.

Now, apparently there's this whole debate about the Greek grammar and whatnot. Some people say that the Greek text must be translated as "the word was God," while others argue for "the word was a god." Seriously, can we just agree on something here? Make up your minds, people!

But hey, here's an interesting point. Philip B. Harner wrote this article saying that when you've got a clause like we see in John 1:1, with an anarthrous predicate noun before the verb, it's actually indicating a qualitative meaning. He suggests that it could be translated as "the word had the same nature as God." Hmm, now that's something to think about.

And get this, those translators who insist on using "the word was God" in John 1:1, they have no problem using the indefinite article "a" in other passages with the same grammatical construction. For example, at John 6:70 they call Judas Iscariot "a devil," and at John 9:17 they describe Jesus as "a prophet." So why the inconsistency, huh?

I found this guy John J. McKenzie, who said that John 1:1 should be translated as "the word was a divine being." Woah, mind-blown! He even had his dictionary published with nihil obstat and imprimatur, so he must know what he's talking about. And guess what? The New American Bible and the New International Version both go along with this and say "the word was divine" or "the word was a god." I mean, if the experts say so...

And if we really think about it, calling Jesus "a god" actually lines up with other parts of the Bible. Remember Psalm 82:1-6, where human judges were called "gods" because they represented Jehovah? Yeah, that's the same term used there. So maybe it's not so crazy after all to say that Jesus is "a god" in the sense of representing God.

Oh, and by the way, did you know that the whole idea of the Trinity wasn't even solidly established until the end of the 4th century? Yeah, it took some time for that whole "one god in three persons" thing to catch on. According to the New Catholic Encyclopedia and the Encyclopedia Americana, early Christianity was strictly unitarian, believing in just one person of God. So this whole "trinitarian dogma" was actually a deviation from early Christian teaching. Interesting, right?

Alright, I think I've rambled on for way too long now, but seriously guys, this verse is mind-boggling. What are your thoughts? Anyone else confused or is it just me? Let's discuss and maybe we can make some sense of it together!
------
Wow, hold up there, buddy! I couldn't help but notice your post, and I gotta say, it's just full of sarcasm and insults. I mean, seriously? Is that the best you've got? If you're gonna troll, at least make it entertaining or original. But hey, who am I to judge? Let's break down your little rant, shall we?

First off, you start by calling people delusional for thinking someone would go to prison for six months for telling lies. Well, newsflash, my friend, people do go to prison for lying sometimes, especially if it's under oath or to manipulate an investigation. Now, I'm not saying I know all the ins and outs of Mueller's team and their crack lawyers, but they seem to know what they're doing, so maybe cut them some slack.

Then you bring up the second Manafort trial. Yeah, yeah, we get it, there's another trial going on. Big whoop. Why you feel the need to mock those who were hopeful about Papadopoulos is beyond me. Maybe they saw something we didn't, or maybe they were just being optimistic. Either way, it's a bit rude to rub it in their faces.

Oh, and let's not forget about George Papadopoulos himself. You're quick to point out that his fiance called him the "John Dean" of the Russia investigation, only to mention her begging Trump for a pardon. Come on, man, can't you give the guy a break? People can change their opinions, you know. Or maybe she just wants to show support for her soon-to-be husband. Whatever the reason, it's not worth hating on her for.

Next up, you bring up Michael Flynn and his controversial statements regarding Fethullah Gulen. Yeah, yeah, we've all heard about it. But predicting treason and collusion from him? That's a stretch, my friend. Just because he admitted to wrongdoing doesn't automatically mean he's guilty of everything under the sun. And let's not forget the media's role in all of this. Sure, mistakes were made, but that doesn't justify your condescending tone towards professional reporters. They're human too, you know.

And of course, you had to throw in the fact that Trump hasn't been questioned by Mueller yet. Is that really surprising? Investigations take time, and I'm sure they'll get to him eventually. But hey, why not take this opportunity to insult the man? Calling him a tard and saying he can't talk without perjuring himself? That's just low, my friend. Debate the policies or actions if you want, but resorting to name-calling isn't exactly the pinnacle of intellectual discourse.

Oh, and let's not forget the glorious red scare comment. How original. I applaud you for bringing up a decades-old fear and trying to pass it off as relevant today. Bravo, my friend, bravo.

So, in conclusion, your post is just a jumble of insults, sarcasm, and recycled talking points. If you really want to contribute to the subreddit, try engaging in meaningful discussion and presenting your arguments in a respectful manner. Otherwise, you might as well save your energy for something more productive.
------
Hey guys, I just wanted to share my thoughts on this whole market situation. So, there seems to be a lot of blame going around and I just want to point out that it's not the market's fault, it's the fault of the participants. I mean, come on, if everyone had the same information and some people acted on it and others didn't, that's on the individuals, not the market. It's like, duh.

And don't even get me started on poor information. Yeah, it sucks, but again, it's the participants' responsibility to find the right information before anyone else. If you fail to do your research and someone else profits from it, tough luck. It's not the market's fault, it's yours.

Now, let's talk about personal skill. Honestly, it doesn't matter that much in this case. It's all about being in the right place at the right time. I mean, I could have easily seen this coming and bought enough for myself, but I'm not into speculating because I'm not a dirtbag, unlike some people.

Speaking of speculators, they're actually the ones making the most profit here. They put in bulk buy orders before the patch and now they're selling them for a higher price. And you know what? I don't blame them. They were willing to pay more than the vendor price, saving thousands of sigils from being destroyed. So yeah, they deserve the profit, not the greedy majority of players who would rather make a quick buck instead of waiting for a better use for the sigils.

But hey, let's not forget that in reality, very few winners actually win due to brilliant insight. It's mostly luck, unfair advantage, or dirty tricks. So why do people expect a fair market when it's clearly not the case?

And here's the thing, if something doesn't work for different ability levels, it's ineffective. We don't build fire escapes that require someone to leap from one ledge to another because not everyone has the same ability level. So if the system doesn't work for the bottom 99% of ability levels, it's just not working, plain and simple. It's not the market's job to accommodate everyone, it's your job to improve yourself.

And here's a fact for you: nothing has changed in regards to obtaining this sigil. The effort and ability required are still the same. So why all the fuss? Stop blaming the market and start taking responsibility for your own actions.

I'm just saying, guys, let's be real here. The market is what it is, and it's up to us to adapt and make the best of it. So stop whining and start hustling. That's how a free market works, whether you like it or not.
------
Damn, looks like we got another one of those annoying vegan posts again. Can't they just let us enjoy our juicy burgers in peace? But hey, since they clearly can't keep their opinions to themselves, I guess I'll bite.

First of all, let me just say that your whole argument about meat destroying our health is a load of baloney. Pun intended. I mean, come on, it's not like everyone who eats meat drops dead on the spot. The real culprit here is sugar, not meat. The sugar industry has been trying to shift the blame onto fats for years, but we're smarter than that, right?

Yeah, sure, there might be some studies out there claiming that processed meats and red meat can increase the risk of cancer, but let's put things into perspective. The actual risk is only around 18% on average per person. That's practically nothing! And guess what? Fish and poultry don't even have those same risks. So, go ahead and indulge in that delicious grilled chicken or sushi without any guilt.

And speaking of carcinogens, did you know that sunlight also falls into that category? Yeah, that's right. The thing that gives us a nice tan and helps our bodies produce vitamin D can also cause cancer. But guess what? We still need sunlight for that vitamin D production. It's a catch-22 situation. So, next time you wanna demonize meat for being carcinogenic, remember that sunlight isn't exactly innocent either.

Oh, and by the way, eating meat doesn't automatically mean you're unhealthy. In fact, some of the longest-lived populations in history regularly consume meat. It wasn't until the food industry started pushing all those sugary substitutes that the obesity epidemic became a serious problem. So, let's put the blame where it really belongs: on over-consuming sugar and calories.

Now, let's move on to your little environmental spiel. Sure, we could all live without cars and disposable plastics. But let's be realistic here, pal. I haven't driven a car in over a decade, and I've been using reusable bags for groceries for six years. I don't use plastic straws, smoke, or overindulge in sugar either. And guess what? I'm not obese, nor do I have excess weight on my body.

So, before you start preaching about saving the environment, take a look at yourself. Do you do all those things too? I bet you don't. But instead of actually doing something meaningful for the environment, you're busy attacking people who eat meat. Well, newsflash, buddy, cutting meat out of your diet won't solve all the problems you're so concerned about.

And seriously, stop with the insults and assumptions. Just because I eat meat doesn't mean I'm selfish and only care about taste. Don't make such ignorant generalizations. Maybe, just maybe, there are valid reasons why some of us choose to supplement our diets with meat. But I didn't even get into that because my main point was about vegan attitudes and their ineffectiveness in addressing the real core issues.

So, if anyone here is lying to themselves, it's definitely not me. It's you. You're the one twisting arguments and insulting people instead of having a proper conversation. So, next time, before you come at us meat-eaters with your self-righteousness, take a step back and think about whether you're really making a difference or just alienating potential allies.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a casual Redditor trying to enjoy my feed without all this vegan propaganda. Keep scrolling, folks. Keep scrolling.
------
Yo, what's up with this post, dude? You start off all polite and shit, talking about some script and manga, and then you just go full-on rude mode. Like, seriously, why are you being such a jerk? 

First of all, who are you even talking to? You're going off on someone, saying they're pretending to know you and making strawman arguments. Like, chill out, man. No one's pretending to know you or trying to argue with you. You're just throwing a tantrum for no reason.

And what's with the whole "don't lie to yourself" thing? Are you trying to sound deep or something? It's just a subreddit, bro. No need to get all philosophical and act like you've got it all figured out. We're just here to have a good time and talk about stuff we enjoy. No need to be a buzzkill.

And then you start bashing anime studios and bringing up some Berserk and Game of Thrones drama. Like, who cares? Yeah, some adaptations might not be great, but that doesn't mean every single adaptation is trash. And just because a mangaka praises an anime doesn't mean they're lying or doing it for marketing. Can't we just appreciate things without being so negative all the time?

And what's your deal with Isayama and Attack on Titan? You're going on and on about the Marley arc and how it's the same as the Uprising arc and yada yada. Like, yeah, there might be similarities, but that doesn't mean it's bad. Maybe Isayama wanted to explore certain themes and ideas in different ways. Can't the guy have some creative freedom?

But hey, if you wanna believe that Isayama is secretly hating on his own work and that the whole world is out to get you, go ahead. Just don't expect everyone else to buy into your conspiracy theories. Sometimes, things are just what they are, man. No need to make shit up and spread negativity everywhere.

So, why don't you take a step back, take a deep breath, and maybe try to enjoy the subreddit a little more? We're all here to have fun and share our thoughts. No need to be a downer. Peace out.
------
Alright, so let's talk about this whole difficulty issue in video games. I know it's a hot topic and everyone has their own opinions, but can we all just take a step back and chill out for a second? Seriously, people act like the world is ending because a game doesn't have an easy mode. It's ridiculous.

Look, I get it. Some people want games to be accessible to everyone. They don't want to feel left out or excluded just because they're not master gamers. And you know what? That's fair. I can understand wanting to enjoy a game without feeling frustrated or overwhelmed. But here's the thing, not every game is meant to be a walk in the park. That's just a fact of life.

Take Dark Souls, for example. Now, this game is notorious for being difficult. Like, really freaking difficult. And you know what? That's kind of the whole point. The developers designed it that way on purpose. They wanted to challenge players and make them work for their victories. It's all about that feeling of accomplishment when you finally beat a boss or conquer a tough area. It's like a rush of adrenaline, man.

But here's the thing, not everyone is cut out for that kind of challenge. And that's okay too! We all have our strengths and weaknesses, right? So maybe Dark Souls just isn't the game for you if you're not into that whole "git gud" mentality. There are plenty of other games out there that cater to different playstyles and skill levels. It's not the end of the world if you can't beat a certain game, trust me.

Now, let's talk about The Elder Scrolls series. These games are a completely different breed. They're open-world RPGs with a focus on exploration and immersion. The combat mechanics may not be the greatest, but that's not really the point. It's all about the freedom to do whatever the hell you want in this massive, detailed world. And you know what? That's pretty damn cool.

One of my favorite memories from playing an Elder Scrolls game was when I tricked a whole mansion full of NPCs into killing each other. It was hilarious and totally unexpected. And that's the kind of stuff that sticks with you. It's not necessarily about the difficulty or the combat, it's about the crazy, unpredictable moments that make these games special.

So yeah, maybe The Elder Scrolls games aren't as challenging as Dark Souls, but that doesn't mean they're any less enjoyable. They offer a different kind of experience, one that focuses more on storytelling and player agency. And honestly, that's what makes them unique.

Look, at the end of the day, it's all about personal preference. Some people thrive on the challenge of difficult games, while others prefer a more casual experience. And that's totally fine! We shouldn't be bashing each other or demanding that every game conform to our own preferences. Gaming is a diverse medium, and that's what makes it so damn awesome.

So next time you find yourself getting all worked up over the lack of an easy mode, just take a deep breath and remember that not every game is meant for everyone. Embrace the challenge or move on to something else. There's no need to tear each other apart over something as trivial as difficulty settings.

Okay, rant over. Thanks for coming to my TED talk. And remember, it's just a game, people. Let's keep things in perspective and have some fun, yeah? Peace.
------
Hey fellow psychonauts! Just wanted to share my thoughts on salvia and how it messed with my mind in the most insane way possible. Seriously, this stuff is like nothing I've ever experienced before. 

So let me start off by saying that all of my salvia experiences have been horrifying. Like, next level dread-inducing, heart-stopping kind of horrifying. But for some strange reason, I wouldn't trade those experiences for anything. It's like they've left a scar on my soul that I just can't let go of. 

I remember this one trip where existence turned into an accordion. Yeah, you heard me right, an accordion. And I transformed into a freakin' volcano! It was like I erupted with all this crazy energy and then Chris Rock magically appeared out of nowhere and brought me back to reality with his comedic genius. And get this, I had the most mind-blowing orgasm of my life, without any sexual stimulation or thoughts. I mean, who even does that? Salvia, man, what the actual fuck?!

Oh, and let me tell you about this time when my friend floated away and turned into cake. Like, he legit became a cake and started freaking out because his life depended on him eating a brick wall. Can you believe that? And I was completely coherent in the midst of this salvia trip, but completely disconnected from reality. It's like I was living in an alternate universe, man.

But here's the real kicker. One time, I decided to do salvia alone. Big mistake. I somehow managed to fall and slam my head into a hard table right at the start of the trip. And guess what? I was unconscious but still tripping balls. Like, I woke up dazed from a serious head wound and I was still in this alternate reality. Jesus Christ, salvia, how the fuck are you legal?

Now, let me give you a bit more background on my experiences with salvia. It was actually the first drug I ever tried, even before weed. Yeah, I know, I dove headfirst into the deep end of the psychedelic pool. Since then, I've tried pretty much every hallucinogen I could get my hands on. My personal favorites are 2C-I and 2C-E, with some LSD coming in close behind. Man, those were the days when I could easily get my hands on some good stuff. But now, the area has dried up, and it's a real bummer.

Anyway, back to salvia. I got myself a gram of that stuff, which was like 100 strong doses because it was cut to hell. I insufflated that shit over a few months, gradually increasing the dose. At the end, even a 30mg dose, which is usually enough to have a great trip, didn't do anything except act like amazing, long-lasting coke. Yeah, you heard me, salvia turns into coke at high doses. It's like a psychedelic party drug or something.

Salvia is what sparked my interest in psychedelics. Before that, I was as square as a four-sided polygon with equal length sides. But salvia took me on this wild ride that I couldn't resist. The first few times I did salvia, I did it with some slightly more experienced friends as trip sitters. We packed a bubbler full and used a propane torch to light it, just like we read online. And let me tell you, the key was holding that smoke in for as long as possible. We're talking 30-45 seconds here. And then, bam! You're falling into this deep s-hole within seconds.

Each trip felt like it lasted hours, but in reality, it was only seconds. Kind of like how time feels on nitrous. You're aware of every second, but you have no concern for time or the ability to process it. It's like being caught in a time warp or something.

Fast forward a year later, I moved into my own place as a sophomore, and my roommate and I decided to celebrate by doing some more salvia. We still had some latent PTSD-ish feelings about what was to come, but we were determined to push through. Coming out of the trip, we both felt like we had fun, but we couldn't fully describe the fragmented, nonsensical memories of our trips. It was like trying to explain a crazy dream that was intensely vivid. And let me tell you, I'm no stranger to vivid dreams since I'm a frequent intentional lucid dreamer. But salvia took it to a whole new level.

From my eighth trip onward, every salvia trip had this weird accordion shape to it. My vision would split into three parts. Imagine a circle representing your field of vision. The bottom hemisphere would disappear, leaving nothingness. The upper hemisphere would be divided sharply by a line that moved back and forth around the upper arc, with a fixed point in the center of the circle. On the left side of the divide, I could see all the crazy trippy stuff, pure batshit nonsense. But on the right side, it was normal reality.

As I gained consciousness and lucidity a few minutes into each 15-minute trip, I was always fascinated and confused by the upper hemisphere. If I focused on the left-upper side, it would grow and take over my view. But if I focused on the right-upper side, my view of reality would grow. It was like a constant battle between the two. And let me tell you, I've never been able to completely let the left side take over. I've tried so many times, but no dice. However, I could make the right side completely overtake the left side and end the trip. It's like flipping a switch.

All in all, I highly recommend salvia to any fellow psychonauts out there. But let me be clear, this stuff is not for your average person trying to catch a buzz. It's weird, it's terrifying, and it will seriously mess with your perception of reality. But hey, that's what we signed up for, right?

I'd love to hear everyone else's salvia retrospective! Share your crazy stories and let's embrace the weirdness together. Peace out, fellow adventurers!
------
Hey, dude, I gotta be real with you here. Your post is a bit all over the place, and it's hard to understand what you're even trying to say. And no offense, but it seems like you're just throwing out random arguments without any real basis. Like seriously, where are your sources? Where are the facts? It's like you're just spewing out whatever pops into your head, hoping that something sticks.

First of all, you keep accusing people of strawman arguments and pretending to know you, but honestly, it kind of seems like you're doing the same thing. You're twisting people's words and making assumptions about their intentions. That's not cool, man. If we're gonna have a discussion, let's at least try to address each other's points and not make things personal.

And don't even get me started on your "irrationality" comment. You really think calling someone irrational is gonna win you any points in this debate? News flash, buddy, it just makes you come off as arrogant and dismissive. People have different opinions, and just because they don't align with yours doesn't mean they're being irrational. Maybe try listening to them instead of belittling them.

Now, let's talk about Isayama. Yeah, he might have asked for some changes in Season 1 and 2, but that doesn't mean he's not disappointed with the current adaptation. Authors often have to tread carefully when it comes to criticizing adaptations of their work because it can affect their relationship with the studio. So, just because Isayama hasn't publicly bashed the anime doesn't mean he's completely happy with it.

And speaking of the anime, you bring up some random examples of things they cut or changed from the manga. Sure, there may be instances where the anime made improvements or added something cool, but that doesn't mean it's perfect. It also doesn't mean they always make the right decisions. It's okay to criticize the anime and point out its flaws. That doesn't mean you're hating on the studio, it just means you have an opinion.

Look, man, I get it. You love Attack on Titan, and you want everyone to love it as much as you do. But that doesn't mean you have to shut down anyone who has a different perspective. It's okay to have discussions and debates, as long as we can respect each other's opinions and provide well-thought-out arguments. And hey, maybe if you take a step back and actually listen to what others are saying, you might learn something or even change your own viewpoint.

So let's try to keep it civil, okay? No need for name-calling or strawman arguments. Let's have a real conversation and try to understand each other. And who knows, maybe we can all enjoy Attack on Titan together, despite our differences. Peace out.
------
Look, I know this is a subreddit for discussing movies, but I just have to vent about how much I hated The Amazing Spider-Man 2. I mean, seriously, where do I even start with this train wreck of a film?

First off, let's talk about the terrible use of foreshadowing. I get it, Gwen Stacy dies in the comics, but did they really have to make it so painfully obvious that she was going to die in the movie? I mean, her valedictorian speech practically screamed "I'm going to die!" It's like they didn't trust the audience to figure it out on their own, so they decided to beat us over the head with it.

And speaking of Gwen Stacy, can we talk about how little time Spider-Man actually spends being Spider-Man in this movie? I go to see a superhero movie to see the superhero in action, not to watch some whiny, unlikeable Peter Parker moping around. Iron Man 3 managed to balance Tony Stark's character development with plenty of Iron Man action, but The Amazing Spider-Man 2 completely failed in that regard. It was just long stretches of terrible romance and pointless subplots that dragged the movie down.

Let's not forget about the poor musical score. Seriously, what were they thinking? The music in this movie did not belong in a Spider-Man film at all. It was forgettable at best and distracting at worst. It never felt like it complemented the scenes, instead feeling like someone picked the most generic heroic theme they could find and slapped it on top of the action without any thought.

But perhaps what bothers me the most about this movie is how it continues to ignore Uncle Ben's killer. In the first film, Peter becomes Spider-Man out of vengeance for his uncle's death, and then halfway through, he completely forgets about it. And guess what? It's still not resolved in this movie either. How can you keep glossing over such an important aspect of Spider-Man's story? It just feels lazy and disrespectful to the character's origin.

And let's not even get started on how much of an asshole Peter Parker is portrayed as in these movies. He breaks promises left and right, without any real motivations behind his decisions. It's like the writers just wanted him to be an unlikable jerk for no reason. Plus, let's not forget how horribly they wasted the Rhino character. He's nothing more than a cartoony side-show, and that mech costume is just plain ridiculous.

Speaking of wasted potential, the jokes in this movie are just terrible. They even went so far as to steal jokes from previous Spider-Man films and then butcher them. It's embarrassing, to say the least. And don't even get me started on the cringe-worthy dialogue throughout the entire film. It's cheesy, juvenile, and completely unmemorable. I honestly just wished Spider-Man would shut up.

Overall, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 fails to hit the right tone for the character. It swings between being too serious and grounded to ridiculously cheesy and over-the-top. It's like they couldn't decide what kind of movie they wanted to make and ended up with a mess of ideas mashed together. The plot is a structural disaster, with multiple storylines that don't tie together cohesively and pointless subplots that go absolutely nowhere.

But perhaps the biggest flaw of all is the complete lack of chemistry between Gwen and Peter. Their relationship is completely unbelievable, and Peter's creeper stalker behavior is just disturbing. Any sane person would find it highly problematic, yet Gwen seems totally fine with it. It's just terrible screenwriting all around.

In conclusion, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a disaster of a film. From the poor foreshadowing to the wasted characters to the terrible dialogue, it's a mess from beginning to end. I can only hope that future Spider-Man films learn from the mistakes of this one and give us a true representation of the beloved character.
------
Hey there fellow Redditors, I just had the most ridiculous argument with my friend Gail and some random guy at a dinner the other night and I need to vent about it. So, buckle up folks, because this is going to be a wild ride.

We were all just having a casual dinner with friends when Gail decided to bring up the topic of dieting. Now, we all know dieting can be a touchy subject for some people, but little did I know this innocent conversation was about to turn into a full-blown heated debate.

Gail starts talking about how she needs to watch what she eats because if she were to eat a regular box of cereal, she would be 5 pounds heavier the next day. Now, call me crazy, but that just doesn't make any damn sense to me. So, being the sarcastic person I am, I made a throwaway comment about how she'd have to eat a 5lb box of cereal for that to happen. Harmless, right? Wrong.

Gail immediately gets defensive and says that even a regular box of cereal would make her gain about 5 pounds. I couldn't help but laugh, thinking she was joking. But no, she was dead serious. She claimed that she wouldn't have to eat anything else for the whole day, and the next day she'd wake up weighing more. Now, excuse my language, but what the actual fuck?

I calmly try to explain that gaining more weight than what you've consumed is physically impossible. I mean, come on people, this is basic middle school science! But then, out of nowhere, some random guy at the table who I barely knew jumped to Gail's defense, saying something like, "Hey dude, are you in the medical field? Because she is. She probably knows what she's talking about."

Well, that was it. That was the moment asshole mode was activated in me. I snapped back at the guy, asking him if I needed a medical degree to understand basic physics. And to Gail, I said, "Look, what you're describing is magical. You're talking about gaining weight while you're sleeping, like some kind of weight-gaining wizard!"

At this point, things were getting tense. Gail kept bringing up her nursing degree as if that made her an authority on everything, and I was just getting more frustrated by the second. I mean, come on, I don't need a science degree to know that what she's saying is absolute nonsense!

But here's the kicker, instead of anyone else at the table trying to reason with Gail, they all started telling me to drop it and "agree to disagree." Are you kidding me? We're not talking about opinions here, we're talking about facts! How can you "agree to disagree" on whether or not 2+2 equals 4?

And then, to add insult to injury, Gail's friend chimes in suggesting that maybe we should all just move on from the argument. Move on? Like the conversation never happened? No way!

I was seething with anger, feeling like everyone at the table was either incredibly gullible or plain stupid. So, we quickly got our checks, and I could tell that everyone was pissed at me. And honestly, I felt like they were all the idiots in this situation.

Later on, I tried to smooth things over and fake apologize, just to make the next encounter less awkward. Gail accepted the apology but deep down, I still think she and that random guy were the bigger assholes in this whole ordeal.

Now, let's hear your verdict on this mess. Am I the asshole here, or was I just standing up for common sense and basic science? I appreciate all the comments, whether they call me an asshole or not. This whole situation has entertained me greatly, seeing how polarizing it was.

So, dear Redditors, what do you think? Was I the asshole for challenging Gail's nonsensical claims, or was I simply the voice of reason in a sea of ignorance? Let the judging begin!
------
Alright, here goes nothing. I guess it's my turn to stir up some trouble and make an informal and impolite post on this subreddit. Brace yourselves, folks!

Hey there, fellow Redditors! I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't resist joining the party. So, let me get this straight: you guys are actually suggesting that we should lower the standards of evidence just because it's too darn difficult to find good evidence for events that happened 4000 years ago? Are you kidding me? That's absolutely hilarious!

I mean, seriously, the slogan "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence" is starting to get on my nerves. It's like a freaking rule of thumb for all you self-proclaimed evidence enthusiasts out there. But let me tell you something, it's just a discussion shut-down tactic. Yeah, you heard me right. It's a way to shut down any opposing views without actually engaging in a meaningful debate. How convenient, right?

Oh, and by the way, before anyone starts assuming things about me, let me clarify that I didn't grow up believing in any religion. Nope, not even Christianity. But hey, guess what? I'm still connected to scholarly biblical studies in my work. So, you know, I might actually have a clue about what I'm talking about here.

But here's the thing that blows my mind: when I bring up the topic of indoctrination to many Christians, they deny ever being raised that way. Like, really? Statistically speaking, most Christians have been indoctrinated, whether they want to admit it or not. It's just a fact. So, forgive me if I come across as snarky, but sometimes it's hard to believe that some of you actually think critically about your beliefs.

And speaking of beliefs, let me ask you this: if we found a seal that said "Abraham was here" and it was dated to his time, would you automatically believe that God spoke to him? I mean, come on! How does a seal like that even lead to the existence of a god? It's just a trivial piece of evidence, if you ask me.

Oh, and before you start trying to convince me that a god spoke to someone, how about figuring out how to convince me that a god actually exists in the first place? 'Cause, you know, that would be a good starting point.

And don't even get me started on faith. If you're really concerned about the truth, you'd dump the whole faith thing and start looking for actual evidence. I mean, c'mon, we can believe anything on faith! It's not exactly the most reliable way to determine what's true or not, right?

Oh, and by the way, since we're on the topic of evidence, where's your evidence that the Hindu religion was made up? Yeah, according to your logic, you should believe every religion is true until you have evidence that it's made up. So, spill the beans! And while you're at it, show me your evidence that Christianity is true. 'Cause from where I'm standing, it just looks like a bunch of stories in some old books.

And don't even get me started on Genesis. Seriously, who in their right mind believes that nonsense literally? The order of creation is all messed up, with light before the sun and the moon being a freaking light source. Not to mention, there are two different accounts of creation that contradict each other. But hey, you say you weren't indoctrinated, right?

Oh, and let's not forget the cherry on top: Christianity contradicts known historical facts. Yep, you heard me right. Only someone blinded by their religion would ignore that for the sake of their faith. Special pleading fallacy, anyone?

So, there you have it, folks. My oh-so-informal and impolite post for your entertainment. Now, let the debates and arguments begin! Who's ready to defend their beliefs with some good ol' disrespect and appeals to emotion? Let's see what you've got!
------
Alright, let me start by saying that your post is just a whole lot of nonsense. I mean, seriously, are you really going to sit there and try to debunk religion based on some half-baked arguments? Give me a break.

First of all, let's talk about your little tirade against the Bible. You claim that it's all just a bunch of lies written down on old paper. Well, newsflash genius, that's how history works. People write things down, and sometimes different people have different perspectives. It doesn't mean they're lying, it just means they have their own point of view.

And speaking of different perspectives, you bring up the fact that the writers of the Bible couldn't even remember the same events. Well, duh! Have you ever heard of eyewitness testimony? People remember things differently all the time, especially when it comes to something as significant as the life of Jesus. So, to just dismiss it all as lies is a real stretch.

Now, let's move on to your little attack on God. You claim that He's a petty and self-centered maniac because He asked someone to sacrifice a loved one? Seriously? Do you even understand the concept of faith? God was testing Abraham's faith, not asking him to actually kill his son. It was a test, and Abraham passed. Maybe you should try using your brain before spouting off about things you clearly have no understanding of.

And let's not forget your lovely accusations against priests and the Church. Are you seriously going to blame all the corruption in the world on religion? That's like blaming all the world's problems on a single piece of lint. Sure, there have been some bad apples in the Church, but to paint all religious people with the same brush is just plain ignorant.

And by the way, the Church is made up of humans. Surprise, surprise! Humans are flawed, we make mistakes. So, yeah, sometimes people in the Church do shitty things. But you know who else does shitty things? People who aren't religious. Shocking, I know.

Your whole argument about the Pope and the election process is just a bunch of hot air. Who cares how the Pope is chosen? The point is that he's a spiritual leader, not some divine being. It's about the teachings and the message, not the method of selection. But I guess that's too nuanced for your simple mind to understand.

And don't even get me started on your ridiculous claims about God not telling anyone about the universe or other planets. Are you seriously suggesting that God should have given us a science lesson thousands of years ago? Get real! The Bible is a spiritual guide, not an astrophysics textbook. It's not meant to answer every question about the universe.

And finally, let's address your little rant about religious people being the worst people on the planet. Wow, that's a pretty bold statement. So, you're saying that every act of kindness by a religious person is just a result of them trying to please their god? That's a real slap in the face to the millions of religious people who genuinely care about others and strive to make a positive impact in the world.

You claim that atheists and less religious people are better and kinder human beings. Well, let me ask you this, if you're so enlightened and morally superior, why are you wasting your time bashing religion on Reddit? Wouldn't a truly kind person be out there actually doing something to make the world a better place?

Look, I get it, religion isn't for everyone. But that doesn't give you the right to belittle and insult those who do have faith. So, instead of hiding behind your keyboard and spewing your ignorant opinions, why don't you try engaging in a respectful conversation? Who knows, you might actually learn something. But I won't hold my breath.
------
Hey guys, I can't help but notice that everyone here seems to be focused on these meaningless articles and discussions. Like seriously, who cares about some judge's decision from years ago or what Kanye West thinks about Taylor Swift? Can we please talk about what's really going on in the world?

I mean come on, America is out there committing straight-up genocide in the Middle East and nobody seems to bat an eye. And guess what? Our own government doesn't bother explaining any of it to us, the citizens who are supposed to be in control. It's like they think we're all a bunch of idiots who can't handle the truth.

And let's not forget about the corruption in our own government. They're constantly making deals to serve corporate interests over the well-being of us, the normal people. It's sickening, really. I bet those giant media outlets are in cahoots with them, feeding us propaganda and distracting us with pointless crap just to keep us ignorant and divided.

But hey, don't worry fol
------
Alright, here we go. So, Ive been following this discussion about the recent balance changes to the Zerg transfuse ability, and let me tell you, Im not impressed. Not impressed at all. The way people are arguing about this is just ridiculous.

First of all, let's talk about the whole concept of a "situational buff." Seriously, what does that even mean? Its like saying Hey, we made something better, but only in certain situations. Well, newsflash, if its only better in certain situations, then its not really better, is it? Its just a fancy way of saying We made this ability worse overall, but hey, there might be some random scenario where it actually helps a little bit more than before. Wow, thanks for that.

And dont even get me started on the calculations. People are saying that in order for the new transfuse to break even with the old one, you have to wait for your roach to be at 40 HP. Are you kidding me? Who has time for that? In the heat of battle, you can't afford to sit around waiting for your roach to hit some arbitrary HP threshold. You need to act fast, and that means using the old transfuse whenever you damn well please.

But apparently, according to these so-called experts, were supposed to be strategic or something. They say that the new transfuse could still be useful in certain situations, like when you're going up against lings or adepts. But let me ask you this: who cares? Roaches are already hard-countered by a million other units in the game. It doesn't matter if you heal them for 7 HP per second or 700 HP per second, they're still gonna get wrecked. So why even bother?

And speaking of small-scale fights, let me just say that Ive never seen a smaller-scale fight where a measly 7 HP per second made any kind of difference whatsoever. It's like trying to put out a forest fire with a squirt gun. Sure, it might do something, but it's not gonna save the day. And let's not forget about the almighty hydralisk, because apparently that's the one unit that makes all this discussion about transfuse semantics completely irrelevant. Give me a break.

Now, I know some of you might be thinking, But what about lower-level players? Don't they matter? Well, let me tell you, they don't. Not in the grand scheme of things. This is a competitive game, and changes need to be made with the high-level players in mind. If some bronze league player can't figure out how to adapt to the new transfuse, then tough luck. They need to git gud, plain and simple.

But you know what? Maybe Im being too harsh. Maybe I should consider the other side of the argument. Maybe there is some merit to these discussions and calculations. Maybe the new transfuse really does have some hidden potential that Im just too blind to see. But honestly, I highly doubt it. Its just a bunch of hype and overthinking from people who have nothing better to do than dissect every little change in the game.

In conclusion, this whole debate about the Zerg transfuse ability is just a waste of time. Its not a situational buff, its a straight-up nerf. And whether you're a low-level scrub or a top-tier pro, it doesn't matter. The new transfuse is just not worth the trouble. So lets stop arguing about nonsense and get back to playing the game. Thats what really matters, isn't it?
------
Spoilers ahead, so read at your own risk!

Okay, so I just finished reading this book, Wuthering Heights, and let me tell you, it's not what I expected at all. I mean, I've always heard people talk about it as this great romance and dark love story, but seriously, where the hell is the romance? Where is the love?

Instead, we get this messed up story about some rich dude, Mr. Earnshaw, who decides to bring home this Heathcliff guy from who knows where. And guess what? They treat him like crap! I mean, seriously, I couldn't believe how awful they were to him. They basically treated him like he wasn't even human. It's messed up, man.

So, Heathcliff grows up in this messed up household, surrounded by these spoiled brats named Hindley and Catherine. And guess what? They treat him like garbage too. I mean, what is wrong with these people? Can't they see that he's just a human being too? It's infuriating.

But here's the kicker. Heathcliff grows up, and he's all like, "I'm gonna get my revenge on these jerks and their descendants too." And you know what? He actually goes through with it. He wreaks havoc on everyone's lives, and boom, that's the end of the story. Revenge accomplished. That's it.

Now, here's the thing that really gets me. This book was written back in like 1850 or something by this woman named Emily Bronte, who apparently never married and lived a pretty reclusive life. Meanwhile, her sisters, Charlotte and Anne, were out there killing it in the writing game. They were successful and respected.

But Emily? Nah, she writes this one book and dips out. Like, what was her deal? Was she trying to make some social commentary about the English caste system or how the rich folks behaved? Was she saying that the poor class were sub-human? I don't know, man. It's all a big mystery to me.

I'll be honest, the book wasn't exactly entertaining. Everyone in it is just plain awful, and then it ends. But you know what sticks with me? The image of Emily Bronte, this woman who chooses to stay away from society, writing this one book about all its messed upness and then just disappearing. It's like she's saying, "Hey, you all suck, and this is what I think of you. Now leave me alone."

I don't know, maybe I'm missing something here. Maybe there's some deeper meaning or message that went over my head. But either way, I can't say I particularly enjoyed the book. It's just a weird and depressing ride from start to finish.

Well, that's my two cents on Wuthering Heights. If you're looking for a romance or a love story, look elsewhere, my friend. This ain't it.
------
Hey y'all, just wanted to throw in my two cents on this topic. I gotta say, I find it pretty hilarious when people try to compare the whole prosperity gospel thing to other industries and sectors. Like, come on, it's not gonna be a carbon copy of what you see in religion. Different industries have different methods, duh!

And let's talk about lobbying companies while we're at it. Yeah, they make tons of money, and one of their goals is to ask for public money, even if it's for someone else. But honestly, they're not really a good example of the prosperity gospel outside of religion. They're just all about unchecked greed and eroding public faith in institutions. Kinda like how religion plays when they push that prosperity gospel crap onto their followers.

Now, listen up, folks. I couldn't care less if you believe in God or go to church. It's not my business, and it's definitely not gonna change anything up there in the heavens. And if there's no God, well, tough luck, that's life.

But let me tell you something. Those politicians who are supposed to protect us? They're just as corrupt as those televangelists like Joel Osteen. Actually, scratch that. They're even worse! These politicians pretend to work for the people, but all they really care about is their own partisan agendas and filling their pockets with money. Mitch McConnell, I'm looking at you, you scumbag. Hopefully, karma catches up with him soon, but in the meantime, we still have the power to vote these assholes out, even though gerrymandering is making it harder and harder.

Speaking of televangelists, they're definitely selling a product. Just take a look at Joel Osteen's books on Amazon. Boy, oh boy, that guy sure knows how to sell himself. He's all like, "Believe in yourself, and you'll be rich! Buy my books, calendar, whatever, and learn how to be wealthy!" It's all about him and his teachings. Same goes for Richard DeVos, the founder of Amway. His book is literally titled "Believe!" Classic bullshit, right?

And here's the best part  these guys have the audacity to claim that being rich and successful is fulfilling a higher purpose. Oh yeah, because all those wealthy people out there are just sooo unhappy, right? According to DeVos, integrating compassion with moneymaking opportunities is the secret to happiness and security. Give me a break! So basically, if you're not healthy and wealthy, it's your fault because you're missing something or you haven't bought enough of their damn books.

You know what, I'm just gonna drop a user review here from one of DeVos' books, just for laughs: "Integrating compassion for your fellow man with lucrative opportunities is the real secret to security and happiness." Yeah, because feeling worthy of wealth and privilege is totally dependent on doing good and making a difference, right? You can totally learn compassion and business acumen by buying his books, guys! What a load of crap!

Anyway, that's my rant for the day. Just remember, there's corruption happening all around, and it's not just the poor suckers falling for the prosperity gospel. It's happening in politics too, and it affects us all. So, please, diatribe aside, get off your lazy butts and go vote. That's our best chance to fight against these greedy bastards.
------
So, let me just start this off by saying that I'm really fed up with random guys on public transit trying to strike up conversations with me. Like seriously, why can't they take a hint and leave me alone? I mean, I'm not some desperate person looking for attention, especially from creepy dudes.

Let me give you a little background here. I'm traveling alone in a foreign country, which can be pretty intimidating, especially as an 18-year-old girl. My routine usually involves hopping on a train and exploring different cities during the day, then heading back to the family friends' house where I'm staying. It's supposed to be a fun and exciting experience, right?

But no, it seems like every time I step foot on that damn train, some guy comes out of nowhere and tries to engage me in a full-blown conversation. Ugh! Can't they see that I'm not interested? I mean, I even wear headphones and purposely avoid making eye contact. That should be the universal sign for "leave me the hell alone," right?

Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not completely heartless. If someone asks a simple question like the time or what stop we're at, sure, I'll answer. But when it comes to engaging in long, drawn-out conversations, count me out. I don't owe anyone my time or attention, especially not some random dude on public transit.

I know some people might call me an asshole for this behavior, but honestly, I think I'm justified. I have the right to choose whom I want to talk to and when. It's not like I'm being antisocial or anything. I actually love the idea of meeting new people, but, come on, there's a time and place for everything. And the train is definitely not the place for me to entertain some stranger's need for social interaction.

Let me give you an example of why this whole situation infuriates me. One time, this guy approached me, innocently enough, asking about the upcoming train stop. Fine, I answered his question, thinking that would be the end of it. But oh no, he just kept talking! I tried to subtly indicate that I wasn't interested by putting my headphones back in, but he just didn't get the message.

And to make matters worse, he actually followed me off the train and started bombarding me with personal questions. What's my name? How old am I? Where am I staying? Do I have a boyfriend? Seriously, dude? Can you not take a hint? Even when I mentioned having a boyfriend, he didn't back off. Instead, he continued to trail behind me, telling me how much he liked me. Talk about creepy!

Back in my home country, it's pretty much an unwritten rule that you don't bug someone on public transit, especially if they have headphones on. It's considered downright creepy to hit on someone in that situation, and for good reason. But apparently, cultural differences mean nothing to these persistent guys.

So, yeah, that's why I'm so annoyed and why I feel the need to shut down advances from men on public transit. It's not because I enjoy being mean or anything. It's for my own comfort and safety. There's no way to convey that to complete strangers, though. They just see it as me being an asshole.

But hey, maybe one day these guys will get the memo and leave me alone. Until then, I'll continue to be vague, dismissive, and cut conversations short. It's my way of protecting myself. So, excuse me if I don't feel guilty about it. I have every right to control my own interactions, and if that makes me an asshole in some people's eyes, well, so be it.
------
What do y'all think of this letter to Straits Times forum? I don't know why I got downvoted, and I don't know why they never publish it. Let me give you the backstory. So, I applied for a summer internship at Uber in San Francisco with this brilliant idea to help them save on driver incentive costs. But guess what? They didn't even give me the opportunity to work there, and yet my idea had been adopted and implemented in Singapore. Talk about unfair!

Now, on hindsight, I realized how my idea infringed on the foundation of meritocracy. You know, that whole "work hard and be rewarded" philosophy that we love to preach about. It got me thinking about the ride-hailing industry and how these companies operate.

With ride-hailing apps like Tada, Filo, Ryde, and Gojek emerging to compete for a slice of the pie after Uber's exit, consumers are once again enjoying discounts and promotions when these apps start competing with each other for market share. But let's not forget about the role drivers play in capturing that market share. Without them, these companies wouldn't even exist!

So, it's safe to say that these ride-hailing companies will eventually roll out driver incentives to attract more drivers to join their ranks. I mean, Uber used to dish out incentives weekly for a certain number of trips clocked. But here's where things get interesting.

Imagine this scenario: In order to earn a $200 incentive, drivers need to complete 49 trips in a week. Let's take an area like "Tampines" with a 10-minute radius, which coincides with Uber's narrative of waiting less than 10 minutes for a ride. Now, picture this: there's one consumer waiting for a ride in Tampines to go to Clarke Quay.

In Tampines, there are only two drivers available. Driver A is closer to the consumer, while Driver B is a bit further away. There's just one hour left on the clock before the end of the week. Driver A needs just one more ride to make those 49 trips and collect his incentive. On the other hand, Driver B needs 20 more rides to reach that same milestone.

So, who do you think should be assigned the trip? Logically, it should go to Driver A since he's closer to the consumer. But wait, here's the kicker. The algorithm can be designed in such a way that the ride goes to the driver with the least number of rides clocked that week. And since it fits into their 10-minute narrative, they can justify it by saying they're spreading out the total number of rides to all existing drivers in the area, thus saving on driver incentive costs.

Now, doesn't that go against the very foundation of meritocracy? Here we have Driver A who has been working their ass off, putting in the hours, and yet the ride went to Driver B just because of some algorithm. It's not fair, and something needs to be done about it.

I really hope the government takes some initiative to prevent these companies from designing their codes in a way that infringes on the foundation of meritocracy. Maybe they could even place some limitations on the use of such algorithms before drivers hit their incentives. This way, we can ensure that hardworking drivers are rightfully rewarded for their efforts.

Well, that's my opinion, folks. Rant over. Let me know what you think about this whole mess.
------
Hey everyone,

So, I need some help settling a little dispute between me and my boyfriend. We recently went to watch the movie Hereditary at the cinema, and let me tell you, it was a wild ride. But here's the thing - there was this couple sitting next to us, and they were just the worst!

Throughout the entire movie, these clowns had their phones out, on full brightness mind you, and were having a grand old time laughing and joking about the movie. I mean, seriously? It's a horror movie, people! Can't you at least pretend to be scared or something?

Now, I didn't say anything to them because I didn't want to cause a scene, but trust me, I gave them the death glare every chance I got. I didn't release a single sigh or make any noise, just silently seething in my seat. I'm pretty sure they saw me giving them dirty looks, but it's not like I said anything to them directly.

Anyway, after the movie, I turned to my boyfriend and let loose a rant about how those people ruined the entire movie for me, and probably for everyone else too. And do you know what my lovely boyfriend had the audacity to do? He defended those jerks! He actually had the nerve to say that they paid money to get in, so they can do whatever they want. Ugh, are you kidding me?

But wait, it gets better. He then proceeds to tell me that my glaring at them was somehow worse than their disruptive behavior. Like, really? How is silently expressing my annoyance worse than being loud, obnoxious, and ruining the experience for everyone around? I couldn't believe my ears.

I tried to explain to him that their actions were clearly disturbing people, and all I did was look at them. But no, he insisted that I was looking at them as if I was about to start a fight or something. Talk about blowing things out of proportion!

To add insult to injury, he continued to berate me for venting about it to him. Apparently, he thinks it's pointless to complain if I'm not going to take action. But that's just not how I roll. Sometimes, I just need validation and understanding when I'm venting, you know? Is that too much to ask?

So now, we're both stuck wondering who was the real asshole in this whole cinema fiasco. Was it me for silently giving dirty looks to those phone-addicted clowns, or was it my dear boyfriend for not supporting me and taking their side? What do you guys think?

I appreciate any opinions or insights you have on this matter. Thanks for listening to my rant, and I apologize if I came across as rude or impolite. I guess I just needed to get it off my chest.

Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Hey there fellow Redditors! Just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't resist chiming in. Now, I gotta say, this whole discussion about morality and what is considered virtuous is pretty darn amusing to me. I mean, who really gets to decide what's moral, right? It's all just a bunch of subjective nonsense if you ask me.

So, let's get to the juicy part. I see some of y'all going on and on about straight couples being admirable and virtuous, while apparently gay couples are the shame of the world. And frankly, I'm just sitting here scratching my head, wondering why sexual orientation is such a big deal. Like seriously, who cares who loves who? Love is love, people!

Now, don't get your panties in a bunch, but I can't help but call out the absurdity of this whole identity politics thing. I mean, c'mon, we're more than just our sexuality or skin color, right? I treat everyone with respect and dignity, but that doesn't mean I have to agree with everything they say or do. And trust me, my skin pigment is only a tiny fraction of who I am as a person.

So, let me ask you this: imagine someone comes up to you and tells you that your love for your spouse or your child is immoral just because of your skin color. How would that make you feel? It's the same darn thing when it comes to denying the validity of someone's love based on their sexuality. It's just plain wrong and narrow-minded.

And hey, let's not forget the argument about empathy and morality. Some of you seem to think that if we base everything on empathy, it'll lead to atrocities. Well, guess what? Too much of anything can be bad, even water will drown you if you have too much of it! But come on, morality based solely on "Christian values" isn't exactly perfect either. I mean, have you guys read the Bible? If God asked you to stone your gay neighbors or even your own son, would you go ahead and do it? I sure hope not!

Oh, wait, don't bother answering that last question. I won't honor it with a response. But seriously, think about it for a second. Those were actual commands in the Bible! Now, whether you believe they are still valid today or not, it brings up an interesting dilemma. Either those actions were once considered moral and acceptable, or the Bible and its supposed commands ain't always right. You pick!

Anyway, that's just my two cents on this whole morality shenanigans. At the end of the day, it's all about treating others with kindness and respect, regardless of their sexuality, skin color, or whatever else. So let's drop the judgment and embrace love in all its forms. Peace out, y'all!
------
Honestly, I can't believe the audacity of some people like you to come on here and spew such garbage opinions. You think you're so clever, huh? Well, news flash buddy, you're not. It's clear as day that you have no idea what you're talking about.

Let's start with your little rant about Tesla. You claim that Tesla was nothing before Musk came along. Really? Have you been living under a rock? Tesla was already making waves in the electric car industry before Musk took over. And guess what? They're still making waves now. Sure, they may not be profitable yet, but they're raking in billions of dollars in revenue. Can you say the same for your sorry excuse for a business?

Oh, and let's not forget about Elon Musk's other venture, SpaceX. You have the nerve to imply that Bezos is superior because he doesn't brag about reading and has experts do the work for him? Well, let me tell you something, genius. Musk is intimately involved in the engineering and design of the rockets at SpaceX. Can Bezos say the same about Blue Origin? I highly doubt it.

And don't even get me started on your claim that reusing rockets was possible decades ago. If it was so possible, why didn't anyone else do it? Oh, right. Because it wasn't economically feasible. But guess what? Musk made it happen. He revolutionized the space industry with his innovative ideas. It's easy for you to sit there and criticize, but I'd like to see you try and accomplish even a fraction of what Musk has achieved.

And let's not forget about Solar City. So what if it got bought out by Tesla? It doesn't change the fact that Musk saw potential in it and made a strategic business move. You act like it's a failure, but I don't see you out there making billion-dollar acquisitions.

You know what really irks me? Your attempt to belittle Musk's journey to success. You claim that anyone could do what he's done if they had the same background. Well, newsflash buddy, not everyone has had a silver spoon shoved down their throat. Musk was an immigrant who faced countless obstacles on his path to success. He went through near bankruptcy multiple times, yet he still managed to become a self-made billionaire. That's something worth admiring.

But you? All you seem to be good at is sitting behind a keyboard and spewing out baseless criticisms. I highly doubt you've ever accomplished anything significant in your life. If you had, maybe you wouldn't feel the need to tear someone else down to make yourself feel better.

So, go ahead and keep hiding behind your pathetic excuses. Keep bashing successful people like Musk. It just goes to show how insecure and bitter you truly are. Meanwhile, the rest of us will continue to respect and admire those who have actually made a difference in the world.

Good luck with your "brilliant" ideas and your dreams of starting a billion-dollar company. I'm sure they'll get you far in life. Or maybe, just maybe, you'll realize how delusional you sound and start appreciating the hard work and dedication that people like Musk have put into their endeavors. But hey, I won't hold my breath.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I've been seeing a lot of talk about software patterns in this subreddit, and honestly, I gotta say, most of them are outdated and overhyped. Yeah, you heard me right. These so-called "established" patterns might have worked in the past, but they're not necessarily the best way to go about things now.

Let's take a moment to talk about this new pattern that's been floating around. Some people are calling it a design pattern, but honestly, I'm not convinced yet. Sure, it can be implemented in any language with object or dictionary support, but does that automatically make it a design pattern? I don't think so.

And let's get one thing straight here, folks. We're not talking about implementing evolution in software. No, no, no. We're just modeling some aspects of it at a high level of abstraction. The map is not the territory, remember? So let's not get carried away with grandiose claims.

Now, I've seen some people comparing this pattern to genetic algorithms, but honestly, I don't see the resemblance. Genetic algorithms involve mutating and evolving solutions, whereas this pattern is all about fixed behaviors. You can't just flip a bit and expect magic to happen. We need something more sophisticated if we want to truly mimic the laws of nature.

And don't even get me started on JavaScript. Yeah, sure, you can theoretically use it for this pattern, but good luck trying to alter the logic without breaking everything. It's like trying to perform surgery with a butter knife. We need a mutation algorithm that actually makes sense and abides by the rules of evolution, not some half-baked attempts at flipping conditions.

But hey, let's not throw the baby out with the bathwater. Recombination can still be useful. I mean, it's pretty damn simple to combine two behavioral sets into a new state machine. Just a single call and bam! You've got yourself a shiny new machine with the behaviors of its parents. And who knows, maybe some emergent behavior will pop up along the way. Pretty neat, huh?

Now, someone asked if this pattern outperforms simulated annealing. Well, to be honest, most genetic algorithms don't. But if we really want to compare apples to apples, we should be looking at genetic programming. That's where the real magic happens, my friends. It's closer to what we're trying to achieve here.

So yeah, maybe we should rethink this whole design pattern business. Maybe we should look at things from a different perspective. And hey, if this pattern turns out to be the real deal, then I'll be the first one to admit it. But until then, let's keep our expectations in check and explore other avenues.

Anyway, that's just my two cents. I'm working on a practical example that actually makes use of recombination, so stay tuned for that. And remember, don't believe everything you hear about software patterns. Stay skeptical, my friends.
------
Hey everyone,

I just wanted to share a little bit about my relationship and how it all went down. Let me tell you, it wasn't pretty. Strap in because this is gonna be a long one.

So, a few months into our relationship, her bipolar disorder decides to rear its ugly head. I mean, seriously? Couldn't she have warned me about this before we got together? Anyway, she starts going through these depressive episodes and I start contemplating leaving her. I mean, maybe it would be easier if she went back to her hometown and we called it quits. But of course, she doesn't actually go back, because why would anything ever go the way I want it to?

Around that time, my own depression hits rock bottom. I start thinking about death and kinda hope for it. It's a strange feeling, let me tell you. And to make matters worse, she ends up spending two months in a mental hospital getting electroshock therapy. Yeah, you heard that right. Electroshock therapy. It actually did wonders for her, but it was a tough time for both of us.

During those two months, I made the trip to visit her every week. Can you imagine spending 10 hours on a cramped bus just to see your partner? It was emotionally and physically draining. By the end of it, I had burned through all my savings supporting her and had to borrow money from my mom. I still haven't paid it all back, and it makes me feel like crap.

Fast forward a bit, and she gets out of the hospital. We move in together, thinking everything will be great now that her bipolar is under control. Boy, were we wrong. Instead of being grateful for all the support I had given her, she starts treating me like crap. She blames me for everything, tells me I'm a bad partner, and even throws in insults about my own issues. Nice, right?

And then, to make things even more complicated, her old best friend, who she hadn't spoken to in years, comes back into her life. We ended up clicking and becoming close friends ourselves. And you know what? I started liking her more than my own girlfriend. It made me think that maybe I deserved to be happy and that there were people out there who would treat me better.

Eventually, after months of psychological abuse from my ex, we broke up. But get this, we still lived together for a while. I couldn't just leave her out there alone, you know? I kept telling myself it was temporary, but deep down, it was my codependency talking. It took me a while, but I finally moved out.

Afterwards, I still felt guilty about everything. I wondered how she was doing, if she was getting her life on track. But then, a light bulb went off in my head. None of it mattered. No matter how hard I tried to help her, it never made a difference. She was wired to be miserable, and there was nothing I could do about it. I stopped giving a damn about her and focused on myself.

So yeah, that's my story. Sorry if it's a bit messy, but I needed to get it off my chest. If any of you ever need someone to talk to, just let me know.

Oh, and by the way, there's this album called "Hospice" by The Antlers that I've been listening to lately. The lyrics really hit home for me, especially considering my past relationship. If you're interested, check out the song "Kettering." It's a real tear-jerker.

Alright, that's enough from me. Peace out, Reddit.

P.S. English isn't my first language, so sorry if my grammar sucks.
------
Look, I get it. Dating can be frustrating, and it's easy to feel like the odds are stacked against you. But let's be real here, your post is not only impolite but also incredibly narrow-minded and unfair. You're generalizing all guys as selfish and immature, and that's just not fair.

First of all, you claim that women have it equally hard in finding a relationship as men do. Well, sorry to burst your bubble, but that's just not true. Women do have the advantage when it comes to dating, especially in terms of options. It's a numbers game, plain and simple. Men typically have to work harder to attract women and prove themselves worthy of a relationship.

Now, onto your second point about the guys you've dated breaking things off after a few great dates. Look, rejection sucks, but instead of blaming them and calling them afraid of relationships, maybe take a moment to reflect on yourself. Is there something you might be doing that's driving them away? If this keeps happening, you might be the common denominator. It's important to take responsibility for your own actions and see if there's anything you can improve on.

But seriously, your bitterness and entitlement are palpable. No one owes you a relationship, and it's not fair to assume that these guys are just selfish and immature. People have their own reasons for not wanting to pursue a relationship, and that's their prerogative. It's not up to you to dictate how they should live their lives.

And let's talk about your judgmental attitude towards their hobbies and interests. So what if they enjoy video games or have a passion for motorcycles? Who are you to say that those things are a waste and not something to be proud of? Different people find happiness and fulfillment in different ways, and it's not up to you to judge them for it.

In fact, your judgmental and toxic attitude is likely a big reason why you're having trouble in the dating department. No one wants to be with someone who constantly blames others and feels entitled to a relationship. It's unattractive and pushes people away.

So, before you go off on another rant about how hard it is for women to find a guy who sticks around, maybe take a step back and reflect on your own actions. It's time to let go of the bitterness, stop making assumptions about people, and focus on improving yourself. That's the only way you'll truly find the fulfilling relationship you're looking for.
------
Hey fellow Redditors, I need to vent about something that's been bothering me lately. So my husband and I live in this old condo building full of old people. Not that I have anything against old people, but let's just say they're not the most exciting bunch. Anyway, my husband used to be the super of the building, so he knows all these seniors and they seem to really like him for some reason.

Now, since my husband is jobless at the moment, he's been doing random odd jobs for the people in our building to make some extra cash. One of the couples, who are as old as the hills, asked him to replace some door knobs in their unit. Let me tell you, these two are total sweethearts. Always stopping to chat with us and all that crap. The husband even speaks German, which I guess is cool if you're into that sort of thing.

So, my husband has always felt bad for them because they're old, childless, and seem to be struggling financially. They wear the same clothes all the time and walk everywhere. It's like they don't have a life or something. Apparently, their unit actually belongs to their nephew, who lets them stay there basically for free. He brings them groceries and keeps in touch with them regularly. My husband says their place is clean but nothing fancy.

Here's where things start to get weird. Yesterday, my husband went over to change the door knobs. And guess what? He noticed that the couple had more than just two knobs that needed replacing. So, being the nice guy that he is, he decided to do those as well. But get this, both bedrooms were filled with shopping bags from this fancy department store. Like, what the hell? They must be spending all their money there, but they always look broke as a joke.

Anyway, after finishing the job, my husband told them it would cost 25 bucks per knob and they could pay whenever they had the cash. The knobs themselves were only 20 bucks each, so he wasn't even charging them much. But when he got home and counted the money they gave him, it was double what they owed! Can you believe that? He immediately went back to their unit to give back the extra cash, but the wife insisted that it was a "tip" for him.

Now we're all confused. We thought they were struggling financially, but now they're throwing around money like it's nothing. Are they just wasting their money on useless crap? Or are they secretly loaded and living it up while pretending to be poor? Seriously, we can't figure it out. And to top it off, they seem totally sane, so it's hard to judge what's really going on.

My husband feels guilty for taking so much money from them for such a simple job. He's planning on going back next week to replace the last knob and maybe try to dig deeper into their mysterious financial situation. But here's the thing: we don't know their nephew, and we don't want to ask them for his contact info because that would be hella awkward. Plus, it's not like we can involve some adult protective services over this little dilemma.

So, my fellow Redditors, do any of you have any advice on how we should handle this situation? We don't want to keep taking money from these old folks, and we're genuinely worried about their well-being. Should we just keep an eye on them from a distance? Is there anything else we can do without crossing some boundaries? Help a couple of confused souls out here!

TL;DR: Our elderly neighbors paid my husband double for a simple job, claiming it was a tip. But they're always dressed shabbily and live modestly, except for the fact that their rooms are filled with shopping bags from an expensive store. We're concerned about their financial situation, but we don't know what to do without being invasive. Any advice, Reddit?
------
Hey guys, just had to jump in here because I can't believe some of the things I'm reading. Like, seriously? Are we even looking at the same comic here?

First of all, let's get one thing straight. The whole "sambo-style" argument is a load of nonsense. I mean, who even came up with that? Sure, Sambo was a Native American, but what the hell does that have to do with this cartoon? It's completely irrelevant! Can we please stick to the actual point here?

Now, I get it. Intentions matter. But come on, people! Mark Knight's intention was to highlight Serena Williams' tantrum, not to offend an entire race or anything. So why are we acting like he's some evil mastermind trying to spread racism? It's just ridiculous.

And speaking of offensiveness, let's not pretend that only one side of the political spectrum gets offended and the other just brushes it off. That's a load of crap. Both sides throw a fit whenever they disagree with something. But here's the thing, folks. The social-right, yeah you heard me, holds onto some pretty backwards beliefs when it comes to race, gender, and everything else. It's not cool, and it shouldn't be tolerated. We should be focusing on criticizing ideas and actions, not attacking people for things they can't control.

But hey, I'll give you this. There are definitely some crazy loud voices on the left who get offended by every little thing. They're out there, making a whole lot of noise and drowning out any rational discussion. It's frustrating as hell. But guess what? There are also sane people out there who can actually have a decent conversation about whether something is offensive or not. And let me tell you, using race as a basis for criticism is just plain wrong. That's exactly what Mark Knight did, whether he meant to or not.

So what does he do? Does he step back and say, "Hey guys, my bad. I didn't mean for it to come across that way"? Nope! He doubles down instead. Bravo, Mark! Real courageous move there, bud. Instead of taking responsibility for unintentionally causing offense, he just decides to stick to his guns. What a great example to set.

Look, I'm not trying to start a fight here. I'm just saying, it's important to call out those who mess up and hold them accountable. We can't let things slide just because it's easier or more convenient. If we want progress, we need to have these uncomfortable discussions and learn from our mistakes.

But seriously, can we please stop making a big deal out of nothing? Let's focus on the real issues at hand and leave the unnecessary drama behind. Life's too short for all this outrage. Peace out, guys!
------
Hey guys, just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't resist chiming in. I've got to say, the subjugation of women is definitely not limited to just Christian culture. I mean, women were subservient to men in the Western world until after World War II, and that was way past the 1950s! So let's not act like Christianity has a monopoly on this.

Now, I understand that you're talking about Christian doctrines and not culture, but let's be real here. Everyone falls short of the ideal, and God says to love one another. Men and women are meant to be perfect servants of each other. When Genesis talks about men having authority over their wives, it's more about responsibility. Men go to work and defend their wife and family with their lives (or at least they should). Those who abuse their position will have hell to pay. So the blame shouldn't solely fall on Christianity.

As for the whole no-fault divorce thing, I don't really get why people think it's so bad. If a couple no longer loves each other, then why shouldn't they be capable of ending their marriage without creating unnecessary conflict? I mean, isn't it better to have a clean break than stay stuck in a miserable relationship? But hey, that's just my two cents.

Now, let's talk about concubines in the Bible. Yeah, Abraham took Hagar as his concubine because his wife was infertile. Hypocritical? Maybe. But a lot of things in the Bible are there to show us what NOT to do, especially in the Old Testament. The whole point of it is for God to lift mankind out of barbarism towards holiness. And let's not forget that Jesus, the Messiah, reveals God most fully. He made it clear that divorcing your wife and marrying another woman, except in cases of sexual immorality, is considered adultery. So yeah, even the Bible calls out hypocritical behavior.

Now, let's move on to Roman marriages. Sure, they had some republican and egalitarian ideals (for their time period, of course), but let's not forget that their society was extremely brutal. I mean, they literally fed Christians to wild animals in the Colosseum for "entertainment." Talk about barbaric. So yeah, don't try to make it seem like Roman culture was all rainbows and butterflies. And let's give credit where credit is due  Christians turned the Roman Empire upside-down with love and charity. They put an end to all that brutality. So hooray for that!

And speaking of Christianity, let's clarify something here. Catholic Christianity didn't split off from anything. It was established by Jesus Christ himself, as reflected in Matthew 16:18. So yeah, it's not some random sect that popped up out of nowhere. It's actually the continuation of the true line of Judaism. Anyone can claim authority and start their own sects, but Jesus allowed himself to be brutally executed to prove his point. And guess what? He rose from the dead, fulfilling over 400 prophecies in the Old Testament. So yeah, the Catholic Church has some pretty solid foundations.

Finally, let's address that story about the priest in the Netherlands. Yeah, that sounds pretty messed up, but please don't judge the whole faith based on one guy's actions. I used to be a skeptic and even anti-Christian myself, but then I started appreciating virtues and realized how vices were self-destructive. Virtues like humility, kindness, charity, diligence, self-control, and forgiveness are so important when you think about eternity and the interactions between minds. It's all about moral virtues, man. And let me tell you, it's been a life-changing experience.

Alright, I've blabbered on long enough. I hope you guys found my perspective interesting. If you're into history and the pursuit of virtues and vices, I recommend checking out this talk I stumbled upon. It's really thought-provoking. Anyways, peace out and keep the discussion going!
------
Hey, fellow Redditors!

So, I stumbled upon this new thread about the recent law in France regarding the use of mobile phones in schools. And boy, do I have some thoughts on this. Let me break it down for you real quick.

First things first, let's take a look at the actual law itself. I did some research and found the official source, which states that the use of mobile phones and other electronic communication devices is prohibited in preschool, primary, and secondary schools, as well as during educational activities outside the school premises. However, there are exceptions for certain pedagogical purposes and places where internal rules explicitly allow it.

Now, here's the thing. Some media outlets are blowing this out of proportion and making it seem like it's some groundbreaking new law. But guess what? It's not! The previous law, dating back to 2010, already banned the use of mobile phones during educational activities and in places specified by the school's internal regulations. So, all this "new law" does is reiterate what was already in place. Big whoop!

And to be honest, even before these laws were implemented, teachers were already confiscating phones left and right because, well, it's their classroom and their rules, you know? So, really, this whole story is a non-issue. Just a bunch of legal jargon and unnecessary fuss.

But here's what really grinds my gears about this whole situation. While the media and the government are busy sensationalizing this mundane law, they conveniently distract us from something much more significant: the resignation of our beloved environment minister, Nicolas Hulot. Yeah, you heard me right.

This guy, who was a former journalist, writer, and environmentalist TV host, just gave up on his mission. He went on live national radio and poured his heart out, expressing how he felt like a failure in his fight against powerful industrial lobbies. And you know what? He's got a point.

Hulot was heavily criticized by fellow environmentalists for being part of an ultra-liberal government that prioritizes unchecked capitalism over the well-being of our planet. And the sad truth is that he received little to no support from his own government and colleagues. I mean, come on! How can we expect to make any progress on environmental issues when our own leaders are more interested in profit margins than saving the Earth?

So, yeah, while everyone is busy debating the use of mobile phones in schools, let's not forget the bigger picture here. Our country, which was once proud to host COP21, just lost one of its most passionate advocates for the environment. And we're all to blame for it. It's a wake-up call, my friends.

Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not saying we shouldn't have discussions about the use of phones in schools. It's an important topic, and I understand why people would want to talk about it. But let's not allow ourselves to be distracted by trivial matters while the real issues go unaddressed.

So, there you have it, my fellow Redditors. As a casual French guy scrolling through this subreddit, that's my take on this whole phone ban hoopla. Let's keep our focus on the things that truly matter and make a difference. Don't let the media and the government pull the wool over our eyes. Stay woke, my friends!
------
Alright, let's get one thing straight. Your opinion is your own, and if you want to defend it, go ahead. But don't expect anyone to give a damn unless you start spewing venom all over one of the most influential books in modern introductory philosophy. Guess what? It's been done before. So, sorry to burst your bubble, but Plato doesn't need you to come to his defense.

You call my response a half-assed rant? Well, guess what? That's exactly what your post is. A half-assed rant that you felt the need to unleash on this subreddit. Congratulations, you've achieved mediocrity.

And yet here you are, writing a lengthy response challenging this so-called half-assed rant. If it's so half-assed, why waste your time? Oh right, because you just can't resist the urge to prove others wrong. Classic.

You claim that it's foolish not to read something for yourself and derive your own understanding or interpretation. Well, newsflash, buddy, that's exactly what I did. I read Plato, formed my own opinion, and expressed it. So what's your point?

Oh, the Socratic method. Such a brilliant deductive tool, right? Wrong. I think it's a weak and prone to leading deduction method. Don't @ me.

You bring up the fact that Plato wrote in a time where education was a luxury and most people couldn't afford to take the time to ponder ideals. Well, guess what? Those who did have that luxury decided that they should continue not doing any labor and instead take charge of everything. Funny how that works, huh?

And no, this isn't some battle of ideals where we meticulously pick apart each other's points and call out fallacies like Reddit comments. It's more like a game of agreeing with Socrates' loaded analogies until he finally decides to make a point. Only then can we have a proper discussion. Yay.

You claim that Plato's work ties into communications, psychology, sociology, and whatnot. Well, surprise, surprise, you don't need The Republic to understand those topics. There are plenty of other resources out there that don't require slogging through two hundred pages of "certainly, that is so." Just saying.

Oh, you fixed my wording. How considerate. But let's be real here, saying "let's continue" has absolutely zero impact on the outcome. In fact, it might just be satire, poking fun at people like you who think that saturated formality actually serves a purpose.

Ah, yes, the point about the worker not being a means to promote self-gains but to further the gains of the city. You managed to summarize it more succinctly than Socrates himself. Kudos.

But wait, you want to define all the laborers for a multitude of reasons. And yet, you conveniently fail to provide any of these reasons in your lengthy response. Great job, buddy. Seems like you're just trying to hammer your opponents into submission without any substance.

And despite the fact that you're bored and got little from the book, you still feel the need to shit on it. But guess what? It seems like only those who agree with Socrates are allowed to comment further on it. Kinda like the theme of the book and the groveling opponents he's debating with. Coincidence? I think not.

Oh, and now you're saying that reviewing Dostoevsky, Cervantes, or James Joyce is somehow beyond my capabilities. Well, guess what? I recently reviewed Cervantes and didn't get as many upvotes as this thread. So take that!

But hey, say what you will about what you read, but don't make the foolish distinction that you know any better than someone who hasn't read it. Hold up, aren't you the one who said you have to read the primary source to understand it in the first place? So basically, people who haven't read it are more qualified to review it than me, who has actually read it. Makes total sense.

Here's the thing, buddy. I think you just don't like what I said, and you'd rather attack me than make a coherent argument. But hey, that's cool. I'm used to it. I'll just sit back, relax, and watch you scramble to defend your precious Plato. Good luck with that!
------
Alright, I get it. You want to talk about transparency and bias in the FBI's investigation into Trump. Well, let me tell you something, buddy. Transparency isn't always a good thing, especially when it comes to matters of national security and ongoing investigations.

Sure, the public has a right to know if the FBI was biased against Trump, but that doesn't mean we should know every single detail of the investigation. I mean, do you really think it's a good idea for us to know that an agent is going in for chemotherapy next week? Or the names of our spies overseas? Do you want the whole world to know how we tap into the communications between the Russians and Trump Tower? I don't think so.

And let's not forget about those texts from the FBI agents that the Republicans released. They were taken out of context and used to create this absurd conspiracy theory about the election being stolen from Trump. Seriously, give me a break. Just because an agent doesn't like Trump and says it in a private message, doesn't mean the whole damn agency is biased against him. It's ridiculous to suggest otherwise.

I mean, think about it. Should we allow every criminal to dig into the private messages between the arresting officers to see if they had a bias against them? No, that would be insane. Evidence doesn't care about bias. It's either there or it's not. And I highly doubt these agents would incriminate themselves in their text messages if they were fabricating evidence against Trump.

But here's the thing. Trump's defense seems to be "It's not fair! Hillary got away with her crimes, so I should too!" Are you kidding me? That's not much of a defense. If a five-year-old tried that excuse with their mom, it wouldn't fly. So why should it work for the President of the United States?

Now, I know some of you might argue that if the investigation is legitimate, there's nothing wrong with transparency. Well, let me tell you why that's not always the case. First of all, releasing certain information could be highly personal or even put the agents involved in danger. We need to be smart about what we release to the public.

Secondly, if all the information is out there, Trump could tailor his testimony to avoid perjuring himself. Imagine if Mueller wants Trump to testify under oath, but Trump already knows what questions will be asked because of the transparency. He could easily lie without technically perjuring himself. Is that what we want? A situation where the President can lie and get away with it?

And let's not forget about the potential consequences for other people. What if these texts reveal that even Sessions, the Attorney General, is under investigation for talking to the Russians? That would be a constitutional crisis, my friend. Members of Congress who have the power to stop the investigation could suddenly find themselves under investigation. That's a Pandora's box we don't want to open.

So, in conclusion, sure, the public has a right to know if the FBI was biased against Trump. But we also need to be careful about what information we release. Transparency isn't always the best option, especially when it comes to national security and ongoing investigations. Let's use some common sense here, folks.
------
Hey, I get where you're coming from, but let me share my thoughts on this whole drug legalization thing. First of all, I think it's important to acknowledge that there's a reason why certain drugs are illegal. Meth and PCP, for example, aren't exactly known for their positive effects on people's lives. Sure, addiction can happen to anyone, and it's unfortunate when someone gets caught in that cycle. But blaming it solely on cost and availability is oversimplifying the issue.

Let's say we legalize all drugs and treat them like alcohol. Yeah, sure, the market for meth and PCP might decrease because people can get their hands on legal substances and not resort to those hardcore drugs. But what about the potential harm caused by these drugs? We have restrictions on alcohol for a reason  it can ruin lives, lead to violence, and cause serious health issues. Do we really want to extend that kind of chaos to other substances?

You mentioned public intoxication laws, suggesting we should just copy-paste them for drugs. Fair enough, I guess. But here's the thing: it's not that easy. Many drug users can function normally in society without anyone realizing they're under the influence. It's not like they stumble around and slur their words like some drunk stereotypes. So, enforcing public intoxication laws for drugs might not be as effective as you think.

Now, let's talk personal responsibility. Addiction is a complex issue, and I don't believe that punishing people for being addicted is the solution. Of course, if someone commits a crime to support their addiction, they should face the consequences, just like anyone else who breaks the law. But being addicted itself shouldn't be punishable. If someone isn't harming anyone but themselves, why should it be anybody else's business? We need to focus on harm reduction and rehabilitation, rather than punishment.

Speaking of rehab programs, they need a major overhaul. Getting clean is just the first step  if someone's life still sucks after getting off drugs, chances are they'll relapse. Rehab should offer more than just detoxification and addiction counseling. It should provide resources to help people improve their lives long-term. Low-income individuals, especially, often lack the knowledge and means to make positive changes. Rehab centers could be the perfect opportunity to teach them how to do that.

But here's the sad truth: our current system is failing in this regard. Most treatment centers focus on getting drugs out of your system and maybe offer some sort of addiction counseling. They try to reprogram your reaction to stress or tell you to avoid anything related to drugs. But does that really address the core issues? Does it truly help people improve their lives? In most cases, no.

We need comprehensive rehab programs that tackle the underlying problems  poverty, lack of education, mental health issues, and so on. It's not enough to just hold someone's hand while they puke their guts out. We need to empower them to take control of their lives and help them find lasting solutions.

So, yeah, while I understand your perspective on drug legalization and personal responsibility, I believe there's more to this issue than meets the eye. We need to consider the potential harm caused by these substances, develop better rehab programs, and focus on harm reduction rather than punishment.
------
Alright, let me give you my two cents on this whole situation. I was watching that interview between Bill Burr and Stephen Colbert, and man, let me tell you, it was a total shitshow.

First off, you could tell right from the start that Colbert had a stick up his ass. He was cold as ice towards Burr, like he had a personal vendetta against him or something. And it's not just me saying this, you can see it in Burr's face too. He looked baffled, like he couldn't understand why Colbert was being such a dick.

And don't even get me started on that question - "Is there anything that makes you angry?" Seriously, Colbert? Is that the best you could come up with? It's clear they had discussed the bits beforehand, so Colbert could have at least given some context to set up Burr's answers. But no, he just threw him into the deep end and didn't give a damn about making it smooth.

I bet you anything that Colbert was sitting in on the editing process, telling the editor to cut off whenever there was any hint of excitement. He wanted to make sure it was all about his disapproving face and making things as awkward as possible for Burr. It's like he suddenly turned into Tucker Carlson or something.

And did you notice how rushed everything felt? There was no back and forth, no natural flow to the conversation. It was like they were rushing through it just to get it over with. And every time Burr said something, Colbert would shit all over it and refuse to play along. He clearly had it out for Burr, for some reason.

The last straw for me was when Colbert rushed into that clip and then had the audacity to guilt trip Burr about his childhood. Who does that? Yeah, we all know Burr had a rough upbringing, but he's using that material in his comedy. It's his way of dealing with it. But Colbert just couldn't handle it. He wanted to make Burr feel like shit for talking about his own experiences.

Look, I know Reddit loves Colbert and thinks he's the funniest guy on the planet, but I've gotta be real here - he's turned into a bitter old crank. He's so full of himself and can't stand someone like Burr, who doesn't just go on and on about Trump and all the political bullshit. Burr has a different style, and Colbert couldn't handle it.

I truly believe Colbert was trying his best to be a total dick to Burr on purpose, just to push his own agenda. He probably thinks Burr goes against everything his yuppie-hippie crowd adores about his new pandering, smarmy shtick. Personally, I can't stand the new Colbert at all. This interview was the worst I've seen from him, and it's because Burr didn't want to talk about the things Colbert wanted to talk about and promote his feel-good, pussyhat-style populist garbage.

Seriously, just take a look at Burr's face throughout the interview. He looks like he's thinking, "What did I do to deserve this? Why are you going after me like this?" It's a damn shame.

Anyway, that's just my two cents. And before you accuse me of being a Russian troll or a Trump sympathizer, go ahead and check my comment history. You'll see that I'm just a casual Reddit user with an honest opinion.
------
Yo, what's up fellow fantasy football nerds! Peakedinhighskool here with the latest and greatest week 4 trade value chart. I know y'all have been waiting anxiously for this update, so without further ado, let's get into it.

First things first, I gotta give a shoutout to my sources. I ain't just pulling these values outta thin air. Nah, I've done some serious research. I took the expert consensus rest-of-season ranks from FantasyPros, CBS trade values, and even added a new source from 4for4. Gotta cover all my bases, you know?

Now, let me break down my process for y'all. I wrote this sick function that takes into account player position and historical data. Trust me, I've put some serious brain power into this. I calculated values for each player based on this function and then averaged it with the expert values.

But listen, fam, I don't trust those experts completely. They got some major biases towards the top players and sometimes they straight up make us fans lose our minds with their rankings. So, to balance things out, I turned to the Reddit fantasy trade thread and the Yahoo trade market to see what the real people are thinkin'. I mean, who knows better than us, right?

I scoured through all the comments, looking for those juicy cross over points. You know when someone trades a wide receiver for a running back, or vice versa? Those are like gold nuggets, my friends. I used those trades to manually adjust the values of individual players and tiers. Can't argue with real-life trade data, am I right?

So, I started with wide receivers and adjusted their values to match up with running backs. Then I did the same thing for tight ends, using the RB and WR values as my guide. Lastly, quarterbacks got the same treatment, taking into account the values of RBs, WRs, and TEs. It's all about increasing the data points and making this chart as accurate as possible, my dudes.

Oh, and by popular demand, I even added a 0.5 PPR option. I know, I'm such a generous soul. So now you half-PPR heathens can also benefit from my trade value chart. You're welcome.

Alright, enough with the chit-chat. I know y'all are itching to see this chart. I've provided the link to the sheet and even an imgur link for all you visual learners out there. Go ahead, feast your eyes on it.

If you got any questions or comments, hit me up. Just remember, these values ain't my personal opinions. I'm just a data-collecting maestro trying to help y'all dominate your leagues. I use these tables for my own trades too, so you know they're legit.

Stay tuned for more updates, my friends. I'll be back next week with more hot trade values. Until then, happy trading!

- Peakedinhighskool
------
Hey, so I was just scrolling through this subreddit and I gotta say, some of the stuff you're talking about is pretty messed up. But let's not act like this kind of stuff is exclusive to Chinese culture or ancient times. The subjugation of women? Yeah, that's been a thing in Christian culture too. Women were basically treated as second-class citizens until the freaking 1950s. Foot-binding? Sure, it was a messed up practice, but let's not act like other cultures haven't had their fair share of messed up practices too.

Arranged marriages? Europe had its fair share of those as well. I mean, have you heard of all those power struggles and claims for thrones? It was pretty common back then, so don't act like it's only a Chinese thing.

And what's wrong with no-fault divorce? If a couple doesn't love each other anymore, why should they be forced to stay together and create more conflict? Let them move on with their lives if that's what they want.

Oh, and concubines? Look, even in the Bible, Abraham took a slave as his concubine because his wife was infertile. So don't act like it's some foreign concept. And as for polygamy, certain societies in ancient Rome allowed it. Roman citizens could only have one wife, but other people in the empire could have multiple wives. So it's not like it's something that only happened in China.

Now, let's talk about this pedophilia thing. Pedophilia is a modern concept, my friend. Back in the day, people died at really young ages, so they considered young people as adults as soon as their father died and they became the man of the house. It wasn't like they had the same understanding and laws that we have now, so it's not fair to judge them based on our standards.

And what's wrong with paganism? It's just a term used by Christians to describe people who follow a polytheistic religion. It's not inherently wrong, they just have multiple gods to worship. So let them do their thing.

And ser
------
hey y'all, just gonna let you know right off the bat that this post is gonna be a bit of a rant. So buckle up and get ready for some truth bombs. Let's dive into these responses real quick.

First off, we got someone talking about the black death. Yeah, it was a pretty messed up time in history, but come on now, blaming it on divine providence? Seriously? Ain't no need to bring God into this mess. It's pretty clear that the black death was caused by a deadly bacteria spread by fleas on rats. So let's not go blaming some higher power for this one, alright?

Next up, we got someone defending Islam and claiming it ain't all that bad because they didn't wipe out Christians. Well, guess what? Just because they didn't straight up kill all the Christians doesn't mean they were all buddy-buddy. History shows that Christians were treated like crap under Islamic rule. And don't even get me started on Mohammed and his harem of sex slaves. That ain't no good look, my friends.

Moving on, we got someone saying nothing was secular back in the day. Well, that's just straight-up wrong. Yeah, the church had some power, but let's not forget about the monarchs and other civil authorities who were doing their own thing. The church might have had some influence, but they weren't the end-all-be-all. So stop spreading that false narrative, buddy.

Oh look, we got a person asking for a citation about something related to China University. Well, here's a newsflash for ya: I ain't got no fancy-schmancy citation for ya. But let me tell you, China's got some top-notch universities, alright? They're not messing around when it comes to education. So maybe instead of asking for a citation, you can do a little research yourself and get educated.

And last but not least, we got someone blabbering on about divine providence and the Roman Empire. Look, I appreciate a good conspiracy theory as much as the next guy, but this whole idea that God orchestrated everything just seems a little far-fetched to me. The Roman Empire fell because of a whole bunch of factors, not because some prophet predicted it years before. Let's be real here, people.

Oh, and we can't forget about that comment defending the Spanish and downplaying the Aztec genocide. Seriously? Are we really gonna pretend like the Spanish were these noble heroes liberating the Aztecs from their "demonic culture"? Nah, man, that's some messed up revisionist history right there. The Spanish killed and enslaved a whole lot of innocent people, and no amount of sugarcoating is gonna change that.

Alright, I think I've ranted enough for one post. But before I go, let me leave y'all with this: Do some research, question everything, and don't be afraid to call out the BS when you see it. Stay woke, my fellow Redditors.

Peace out.
------
Hey, what's up everyone? Just came across this thread and thought I'd throw in my two cents. First off, let me say that it's great to see some progress happening around here. It's about time we start realizing that we can prohibit things out of genuine concern rather than just blindly following some backward ideologies. So kudos to you for acknowledging that!

Now, before we get into it, I just want to make one thing clear. I'm not here to start a fight or anything, so please don't get all defensive. All I'm saying is, let's have a real conversation about this, okay? So let's dive right in.

I noticed someone mentioned looking up rates of STDs and colon cancer. Alright, fair point. But here's the thing, my friend. Correlation doesn't equal causation. Sure, there might be some statistical associations, but there are also tons of other factors at play here. Number of sexual partners, marital status, risk aversion  these things can all affect the stats too.

So, if we're gonna talk about
------
Yo, what's up fellow redditors? Just scrolling through this subreddit and came across this new thread. Gotta say, this whole sigil thing is a bit meh in my opinion.

Okay, so here's my take on it. There are definitely some pros and cons to using this sigil for whatever purpose it's supposed to serve. On the plus side, if you get lucky and score a drop with this sigil, you can make some serious cash. Like, way more than before the patch. It's about time they did something about those rare sigil prices that have been ripping us off at the vendors for ages. So props for that, I guess.

But here's the thing, if this is their attempt at improving the value of minor and major runes and sigils, why the hell are they starting with just one sigil? Like, come on, test out the changes on a larger scale instead of making us wait forever for them to fix the whole damn system. It's like they're teasing us with a tiny piece of the pie and expecting us to be satisfied.

Oh, and let's talk about wealth
------
Alright, listen up folks. I've got some serious doubts about this whole Golden Company argument. Like seriously, it just doesn't add up for me. So you're telling me that the Golden Company wouldn't support anyone but the Blackfyres, right? But then there's Jon Connington, who is all gung-ho about supporting his buddy Rhaegar's son. So, Joncon must believe that Faegon is a true Targaryen, right? But hold on a minute, what about Faegon himself? Does he actually know he's a Blackfyre and is just tricking Joncon the whole time? Well, most theories say that Faegon actually believes he's a legit Targaryen. So now we have this mess where the Golden Company has to trick both of them and keep the truth hidden. But here's the thing, the Golden Company isn't just some single entity. It's made up of 10,000 men, including at least 500 Westerosi knights and probably thousands of Westerosi commoners. And let's not forget about the command itself, which consists of a dozen or so men. So, are we really supposed to believe that every single person in the Golden Company is on board with the whole Blackfyre cause? Because if that's the case, then they all must know about Faegon's true identity, otherwise they wouldn't be fighting for some prince they think is a Targaryen. But come on now, do you really think they can keep a secret like that from thousands of men without it eventually getting out? And you can't just restrict this secret to the high command either. Why would the troops follow their lead in this sudden switch of allegiance if they don't even know the truth? If the Blackfyres really matter to the Golden Company, then the whole damn unit needs to be aware of Faegon's true identity, otherwise their motivation means absolutely nothing. But guess what? That's impossible because sooner or later, the truth would come to light. And what about Jon Connington himself? He was a member of the Golden Company and held a pretty high rank. How the hell would the other officers know about the grand plot without him knowing? It just doesn't make any sense! And let's not forget that it's been years since the last Blackfyre pretender died and Robert's Rebellion happened. I highly doubt this whole Blackfyre cause still matters to most of the new recruits. I mean, maybe there are a few zealots left, but come on, that's about it. And yeah, sure, the Golden Company spurned Viserys once before. But the plan was always for Viserys and later Daenerys to join forces with the Golden Company and Faegon. Obviously, the name Targaryen doesn't seem to be a big problem for them. So why the hell shouldn't we believe Illyrio's words to Tyrion? Black dragon or red, at the end of the day, all these people want is to get back to Westeros and grab some land and wealth for themselves. It fits perfectly into this cynical world we're living in. I mean, with all this talk about mummer's dragons and rusted dragons, I wouldn't be surprised if Faegon turned out to be fake. Although, personally, I think it would make more sense if only Varys and Illyrio know his true identity and the rest of the world, including the Golden Company, just considers him a Targaryen. So yeah, that's my take on this whole Golden Company thing. It just doesn't add up, folks.
------
Hey there, looks like you're really passionate about this topic. I appreciate your thoughts, but I have to say, your response comes across as quite confrontational and dismissive. Let's try to approach this in a more respectful and open-minded manner, shall we?

First of all, it seems like you're equating the termination of a pregnancy with killing a human being. While I understand that this is a complex issue, it's important to acknowledge that we're talking about a viable fetus and the termination of a pregnancy. Terminating a pregnancy in its early stages is not the same as killing a fully-developed human being. It's about a woman's right to make choices about her own body.

Now, you mentioned a hypothetical situation where a pregnant woman is stranded alone on a deserted island and wants to interfere with the bodily integrity of the fetus without harming herself. Honestly, that seems like a highly unlikely scenario, and it doesn't really help us address the real-world complexities of abortion. It's important to focus on the situations that actually happen in society.

Moving on, you referred to the fetus as a baby. While I understand that this term might resonate emotionally with you, it's essential to use precise language in these discussions. Medically speaking, until a certain stage of development, it's more accurate to refer to the developing organism as a fetus. Words matter when discussing such sensitive topics.

You also brought up the advancements in technology that allow for the termination of pregnancies and survival of the process. However, I fail to see how this negates the validity of discussing abortion. We live in a time where medical advancements have given women the option to terminate a pregnancy safely, and it's important to respect their choices.

Regarding your point about bodily integrity, it seems like there is a misunderstanding here. Bodily integrity means that a person has the right to control what happens to their own body. Forcing a woman to continue a pregnancy against her will violates this principle. It's about respecting autonomy and bodily autonomy is a fundamental human right.

You questioned whether it's possible to take away someone's freedom without technology. However, history tells us that people have been enslaved long before notable technological advancements. Slavery was not dependent on advanced technology; it was a social construct that took away human freedom. Let's not distort historical reality.

As you emphasized that our morals should be valid in every context and period of time, I understand your perspective. However, societal values and morals do evolve over time as we gain new knowledge and understanding. It's essential to reevaluate our beliefs and adapt to the changing world.

You mentioned the first humans as if it were relevant to the current discussion. Let's focus on the present realities rather than hypothetical past situations that don't contribute to our conversation.

Lastly, you asked why a fetus's body can have rights while in the womb. It's a valid question, but it's important to remember that the mother also has rights, including the right to bodily autonomy. The right to life of a fetus should not automatically outweigh the woman's right to make choices about her own body. It's all about striking a balance and considering the circumstances.

I hope this response helps clarify some of the points you raised. Let's try to have a more fruitful and respectful discussion moving forward.
------
Alright, let's dive into this whole "guns and body armor" discussion. Personally, I think if you're going to assume that you're going to have access to multiple guns, it only makes sense to optimize them for separate purposes. You know, like having a specific tool for each job? Just my humble opinion.

Now, some people might argue that if you're facing someone with body armor, the solution is to have a team. And hey, they might be right. You do have an astronomically low chance of survival even with actual military-grade AP ammo. Imagine going up against a group of individuals with unknown origins and intent, all decked out in body armor. Yeah, not a great situation to be in. So, if you don't have a team and an observed perimeter, well, you don't have shit.

But even if you do have a team, you're still at a disadvantage. Your place is static, and those sneaky armored opponents have to be seen before you even know they're there. Talk about an unfair advantage.

Now, let's talk about body armor itself. The primary wounding effect against AR500 steel plate isn't actually penetrating the plate itself (good luck with that unless you're using large caliber AP ammo). You see, these armor plates are often curved, which tends to bounce and deflect those 5.56 steel tips. Nope, the real damage comes from fragmentation when the round splatters against the target.

Sure, you can slap on a spall liner, but that's only going to stop, like, maybe two rounds of any rifle before it tears off like tissue paper. Even a IIIA vest with plate inserts will be rapidly shredded by rifle fragments. Turns out, kevlar has a weakness  fiber shearing from sharp edges. So, if you really want to do some damage, you'll want more lead with more energy. That way, it throws faster and larger chunks up into their jaw or neck. Plus, a larger round will frag the items on the carrier itself, like mags, making it even more effective.

Now, when it comes to ceramic armor, using a larger round still has its advantages. All that force gets put into the composite, causing it to shatter and crack (which is what it's designed to do) and rendering it ineffective. Intermediate calibers, on the other hand, may absorb more hits before failure. So, in this case, why not use your trusty AR-10 instead? The .308 does much better through intermediate barriers with standard ball ammo and is vastly superior with AP rounds.

Let's talk stockpiling. M193 makes a better general-purpose round because it yaws more readily. That means it's more useful against unarmored targets and medium game. Plus, it frags just as well or even better than M855 against plate. So, it's perfect for taking down targets wearing armor that cannot be reasonably penetrated in one or even a series of shots under the given circumstances.

As for PCCs (that's pistol caliber carbines, for all you non-gun enthusiasts), they work for home defense purposes, sure. But they don't scale as well for defense in this situation. Why? Well, you can't always dictate the range or whether or not the target has armor. Soft armor and hard armor can both absorb a decent amount of 9mm, even with a 16" barrel. And if the target is wearing a combination of the two, well, your ineffective rounds won't be doing much. That's why PCCs and SMGs have fallen out of favor compared to intermediate carbines. They're just not as versatile or effective in certain scenarios.

Now, I get it. You do you, and I'll do me. At the end of the day, it's all about personal preference and what works best for each individual. So, feel free to disagree with my rambling thoughts. After all, this is Reddit, where opinions are like... well, you know.
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but address some of the claims being thrown around here. Now, I'm not one to hold back my opinions, so buckle up and get ready for some truth bombs.

First off, let's talk about these skyrocketing premiums for families. Yeah, it sucks. But you know what? It's not like the cost of healthcare magically decreased, it's just that now we're all more aware of how much we're actually paying. And don't even get me started on taxes. Sure, they might go up if hospitals declare higher costs, but come on, that's just the way it is. It's not rocket science.

Now, about this whole monopoly situation. People seem to think that monopolies are solely created by the government, but guess what? Capitalism plays a big role in it too. Just look at our beloved internet and phone service providers. It's been a mess for years, and guess what? Monopolies are to blame. Oh, and don't even get me started on Google. Sure, they might seem like the good guys trying to enter new markets, but deep down, it's just capitalism at its finest. Capitalism and greed go hand in hand, my friends.

But hey, I'm not saying capitalism is all bad. No, no. It has its perks. Greed can be a great driving force, and hey, it brought us things like innovation and competition. But let's not turn a blind eye to the drawbacks, alright? Greed finds its way into the government, and that's when things start to go south. Checks and balances, people. We need 'em.

Now, let's address the notion that customers have no incentive to take care of themselves under a certain healthcare system. That's just plain wrong. Look at European countries, for example. They've got their act together. We've got wait times here in Canada, sure, but that's because we're using our resources effectively. And don't even get me started on Britain and their restrictions on overweight people visiting hospitals. At least they're trying to keep things in check. It's not a perfect system, but it's better than nothing.

And oh boy, here comes the socialism debate. Now, I don't know where y'all are getting your information, but socialism doesn't equal mass murder. I mean, seriously? Religion has killed more people throughout history than any political ideology ever has. And as for socialism co-existing with capitalism, it's totally doable. In fact, they can even empower each other. Take a look at Western European countries. They've got socialist elements, and guess what? They also have less poverty, universal healthcare, and some even have universal basic income. Shocking, right?

So, let's take a step back and find a middle ground here, people. It's not all black and white. Gun control, capitalism, socialism - it's not all good or all bad. The truth lies somewhere in between, usually. And let's not stoop to insulting each other, alright? Calling someone uninformed or stupid doesn't add anything valuable to the conversation. Let's keep it civil, folks.

Alright, that's all I've got to say. Take it or leave it, but remember, I speak the truth. Now, carry on with your Reddit scrolling, you salty water bags.
------
First of all, I just want to say that I can totally relate to being a person who tends towards solitude. I've always been the type of person who prefers spending time alone rather than being surrounded by a bunch of people. It's just the way I am, you know? I never really feel lonely, and I've always been content with my life regardless of how big or small my social circle is. It's like food for me, I could eat the same thing every day and be perfectly fine without trying anything new. Seeking out social interactions is just too much effort for me.

But here's the thing, guys. You don't realize what you actually need other people for until shit hits the fan. Trust me, I learned this the hard way. Two months ago, my freaking husband died, and let me tell you, it felt like my world came crashing down. I wanted to die too. All of a sudden, my hobbies and interests meant absolutely nothing to me. The only thing that mattered was my husband, and he was gone. But here's the kicker, we had just had a baby boy, and guess who the only person that kid had left? Yup, you guessed it right, me.

So, recently I was forced to attend this psych ed group, and they were blabbering on about social support. They had this stupid questionnaire asking about different categories of support like "acceptance," "encouragement," "companionship," and all that jazz. They wanted us to write down the name of a person in our lives who fulfills each category and whether or not we're satisfied with that support. Let me tell you, my list was completely empty. I would have written my husband's name for every single damn category, but he was dead. Can you believe that? I couldn't even identify who the hell I should turn to for support because I never bothered to cultivate those relationships. Yeah, I'm a selfish bastard, I get it. But honestly, I never realized that I should fulfill these roles for other people too because, come on, it's hard work! I mean, who has the time and energy for that?

The thing is, when shit hits the fan in your life, you start to realize that you've been living in some delusional bubble. You trick yourself into believing that you don't need other people to have a fulfilling life. You think you can handle everything on your own and be self-sufficient. But trust me, guys, that's a load of crap. We all face darkness at some point in our lives, whether it's mental illness or just the hopelessness that comes with tragedy. And you know what the only thing that can give you a glimmer of hope in those moments is? Social support, my friends. It's the only thing that can pull you out of that pit of despair.

So, next time you read a quote like the one in the title, don't just brush it off as some cheesy line about talking to others or having friends. Think deeper, my friends. Think about the danger of solitude in the face of darkness. Because trust me, tragedy is inevitable in life. It's gonna hit you like a ton of bricks when you least expect it. And when it does, you're gonna wish you had someone to turn to, someone who can provide that support, hope, and love that you desperately need.

So, take some advice from me, your friendly neighborhood Reddit user. Don't resign yourself to a tiny social network thinking you don't need anyone else. Cultivate those relationships, identify the people who are there for you, and be there for them too. It may be hard work, but trust me, when shit hits the fan, you're gonna be grateful that you have a strong support system. And remember, the only sure thing in life is tragedy, but with social support, you can turn that tragedy into hope.
------
Man, let me tell you, I had to go to some extreme lengths to get away from my crazy ex. Like, seriously, this guy was off his rocker. So, my family and I decided to talk to a lawyer, right? And this legal eagle tells us that getting a restraining order might not be the best idea. Apparently, it can make things even worse when the harasser is suicidal and all that jazz. I mean, what the actual f\*ck, right?

Anyway, on the lawyer's advice, I started gathering all sorts of evidence of the psycho's antics. I stored it all on the damn cloud, so my fam could have it if anything happened to me. Paranoid much? Hell yeah, but better safe than sorry. My parents kicked my pathetic excuse for a boyfriend to the curb and changed the locks. Good riddance, I say. Then, I found this neighbor who needed a housesitter and moved into his place without telling Mr. Crazy Pants. Sneaky, huh? I mean, I wouldn't want that nutjob finding out where I was staying.

I packed my bags with all the essentials  cash, road maps (yeah, old school, I know), clothes, toothbrush, you name it  just in case I needed to bolt. Kept my car parked at my parents' house so I could make a quick getaway if needed. Eventually, I moved out of state without spilling the beans to anyone except my family. Screwed over my friends too, 'cause I was afraid that word might get back to my ex. Later on, I even took off out of the damn country. Yeah, I went full-on international to escape that lunatic. Can you believe it?

Now, lemme tell ya, my biggest fear was that my family would become his next target. So, I played it cool. I kept in touch with him through phone calls, pretending like everything was hunky-dory. I let him vent his grievances and acted all sympathetic. But trust me, I never let on that I was angry or complained about a damn thing. I swear, I've mastered the art of bullsh\*tting to keep him calm.

I made up this BS excuse that I needed time to sort my sh
------
Alright, listen up folks. I can't help but notice all this talk about Thomas Jefferson being some kind of liberal, progressive hero. Let me tell you, that's a load of baloney. Sure, he may have made a couple of half-hearted attempts to oppose slavery, but let's be real here, it was all for show. His entire region, his state, and his precious economy thrived on the backs of enslaved people. And don't even get me started on the Constitution.

You see, when it came to slavery, Jefferson and his crew were as center as they come, maybe even slightly left of center. They knew that their wealth and power relied on the institution of slavery, so they made damn sure it was protected. They insisted on a 25-year ban on discussing slavery in the Constitution, just so they could keep profiting from it. Their actions spoke louder than their empty words, my friends.

Now, let's talk about this whole free speech thing. People love to paint Jefferson as a free speech absolutist, but the truth is far from it. He was quick to support slander laws when the press turned against him. Funny how he only believed in free speech when it suited him, huh? And let's not forget that he argued it was the states, not the federal government, who had the right to control speech. That's not exactly what I call a champion of free speech.

And can we please stop pretending that Jefferson was some kind of liberal with progressive leanings? The man was an elitist through and through. He may have talked a big game about democracy and improving people's lives, but he never practiced what he preached. He was a master manipulator who would say anything to gain and hold onto power. He carefully crafted his public image to deceive the masses. The Jefferson we saw in France was a completely different person from the one at home. Trust me, nothing about him was genuine or progressive.

Oh, and let's not forget about his stance on international democratic revolutions. Did he really back down from supporting them? Well, let me tell you, he wrote to Lafayette during the Haitian Revolution, begging him to re-assert authority because he feared the example a successful slave rebellion would set. And don't even get me started on how he abandoned Francisco de Miranda during his expedition to liberate Caracas. If you dig a little deeper, you'll find even more examples of Jefferson's hypocrisy when it came to supporting revolutions.

Sure, he may have supported the French Revolution, but that's just because he had a major crush on all things French. It's no surprise there. But let's not kid ourselves into thinking that Jefferson was some kind of radical, progressive thinker. He may have had a few progressive notions here and there, but overall, he was far from it. In fact, I dare say he wasn't even the furthest left of the founding fathers.

So, my friends, let's put this myth of Jefferson the liberal, progressive hero to rest. He was a calculating, hypocritical politician who manipulated the system to his advantage. Don't be fooled by the fancy words and token gestures. The real Jefferson was anything but progressive.
------
Alright, let me start by saying that this whole discussion about difficulty in games is absolute bullshit. I mean, seriously, who cares if a game is hard or easy? Can't we all just play what we enjoy without getting caught up in these pointless debates? But since you asked for my opinion, here it is.

So, this guy is talking about Dark Souls and how it's known for being difficult. Yeah, no shit Sherlock! That's like the whole damn point of the game. The developers designed it that way on purpose, and I think it's pretty cool. It's not meant to be a walk in the park, it's meant to challenge you and make you feel like a badass when you finally conquer it. And trust me, it feels freaking amazing when you do.

But apparently, this person's friend couldn't handle the difficulty and had a terrible time playing it. Well, sorry to break it to you, but maybe Dark Souls just isn't for everyone. Some people enjoy the challenge, while others prefer something a little more laid-back. That's just how it is. And adding an easy mode to a game like Dark Souls would completely ruin the whole experience. It's like asking for a cheat code to win a boss fight. Where's the fun in that?

On the other hand, we have these Elder Scrolls games. Now, I gotta say, they're not exactly known for being difficult. The combat is mediocre at best, and let's be real, it's not the main focus of the game. So yeah, you can easily turn down the difficulty and still have a good time. It doesn't really affect the overall experience that much. It's not like you're missing out on some epic battles or anything.

When I think back to my time playing Dark Souls, I remember those intense moments of struggle and victory. Like barely surviving a boss fight or nailing a perfectly timed parry. Those are the moments that stick with you, you know? But when I think of the Elder Scrolls series, it's a different story. I remember the crazy quests and the hilarious interactions with NPCs. Like tricking a bunch of idiots into killing each other or blasting a dragon out of the sky with a freakin' lightning bolt. That shit is unforgettable, man.

Look, at the end of the day, it all comes down to personal preference. Some people like a challenge, some people don't. And that's totally fine. But let's stop trying to force our opinions on others and just let people enjoy things their own way. If you want an easy mode, go play a game that offers one. If you want a hardcore challenge, go play Dark Souls. Simple as that.

Alright, I think I've rambled enough. Hope my thoughts made some sense to you, but honestly, I don't really care if they did or not. Play whatever the hell you want and have fun, alright? Peace out!
------
Hey, so I stumbled upon this post and I couldn't help but wonder, what the actual f***? Are we seriously discussing Roman Polanski and his disgusting history of sexual assault on a subreddit? I mean, come on people, are we really that hard up for conversation topics?

First of all, let's get one thing straight. Roman Polanski is a sicko. It doesn't matter if he's some big shot director or if he made some critically acclaimed films like Chinatown. The fact remains that he sexually assaulted a 13-year-old girl. And for what? So he could get his jollies off? It's absolutely sickening.

I don't care how many executives in Hollywood came to his defense. Just because he's part of the elite club doesn't mean he gets a free pass for his disgusting actions. It's actually infuriating to think about the number of people who turned a blind eye to this whole ordeal just because he's a famous director. Are we really that blinded by celebrity status?

And don't even get me started on his plea bargain. So he pleads guilty to "unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor" and only gets 90 days of psychiatric evaluation? What kind of justice is that? This poor girl had to endure such a traumatic experience, and this scumbag gets off with a slap on the wrist.

And let's not forget about the judge who screwed everything up. Laurence J. Rittenband, you should be ashamed of yourself. You had the chance to give this predator the punishment he deserved, but instead, you changed your mind and wanted to throw him behind bars for 50 years. It's absolutely outrageous! How can we have any faith in the justice system when judges like this are making a mockery of it?

Now, let's talk about his victim. Samantha Gailey, or should I say Samantha Geimer now. It breaks my heart to think about what she went through. And to add insult to injury, she had to go through slow and skeptical investigations by the police and media. This poor girl was failed by the very institutions that were supposed to protect her. It's a true testament to the social climate of that era, where victims were often silenced and disbelieved.

It's honestly sickening to see how little accountability Polanski has faced for his actions. He fled the United States before his final sentencing and has been living comfortably in France ever since. Sure, he might have settled with his victim, but does that really make up for the trauma he caused? No, it doesn't.

In conclusion, it's disappointing to see such a topic being discussed on this subreddit. I thought we were here to have fun, share stories, and enjoy each other's company. But instead, we're talking about a sexual predator who has never truly faced the consequences of his actions. Let's focus on more positive and worthwhile topics, shall we?
------
Man, I gotta say, I'm just getting tired of this whole Jon Jones situation. It's like a broken record, you know? I can't help but feel sorry for the guy though, 'cause he reminds me so much of my mom. She struggled with drugs for years before she passed away, and seeing Jon go on these rants just brings back memories that I'd rather not have.

One thing that really bugs me about both of them is their complete lack of accountability. My mom was the same way - she could never bring herself to admit that she caused harm to everyone around her. And let me tell you, it wasn't just a little bit of harm. It was major damage, man. But all she ever did was make some half-assed apologies and then shift the blame onto someone else. It's like she thought getting a parking ticket was the same as ruining people's lives.

And you know what really grinds my gears? Addicts always think they're so clever, like they're the first ones to come up with these lies and excuses. But newsflash, guys! You're all cut from the same cloth. It's always the same damn story. They think they're special, but they're just fooling themselves.

But here's the kicker: Jon's narcissism takes it to a whole new level. It's like a vicious cycle, man. He's so obsessed with himself that he can't see how he's destroying everything around him. From what I can gather, it looks like he's got some serious beef with Daniel. Maybe it's because Daniel represents everything Jon wishes he could be, but who knows? I'm no psychologist, that's for sure.

What kills me is that Jon has so much talent. Like, seriously, he's one of the best in his sport. And yet, he just keeps getting in his own way. It's like a tragedy that we're missing out on seeing his greatness because he can't straighten himself out. But here's the thing, man - it's not just about the sport. This is about his life and the people he cares about. If he can't get his head and spirit right, it's gonna destroy him and everyone around him.

Personally, I don't wanna see Jon back in the octagon if he's not truly healthy. Trust me, I've seen firsthand what happens when someone can't get well. It's a pain that never goes away. And I wouldn't wish that on anyone. Training for a fight and trying to get your head right just can't happen at the same time. It's like trying to serve two masters, and it never works out.

I'd rather see Jon have a long, fulfilling life with his loved ones than watch him keep throwing himself into this endless cycle of destruction. There's more to life than just fighting, man. And it's time for Jon to finally realize that. So, here's to hoping he can turn things around and start focusing on what truly matters.
------
Alright, listen up you guys. I've been seeing a lot of posts lately about the price of Fatal Push and how it's just too damn expensive. Well, let me tell you something, it's not as simple as you think. You can't just compare it to any old uncommon from a regular set and expect the prices to line up perfectly. There are a lot of factors at play here.

First off, let's talk about the probability of opening a Fatal Push in a draft of Aether Revolt. Now, I did some math (yeah, I know, math sucks) and it turns out that you have a 70% chance of opening a Fatal Push in any given draft of Aether Revolt. Yeah, I know that seems pretty high, but hold on a second.

You see, small set drafts like Aether Revolt are notorious for being underdrafted compared to large sets. Let's take Dominaria, for example. Assuming even a conservative 25% increase in drafting for Dominaria over Aether Revolt (and I honestly think it's higher), that means there would be 125 Dominaria drafts for every 100 Aether Revolt drafts. So, for the 70 Fatal Pushes opened in those 100 Aether Revolt drafts, there would be about 75 Wizard's Lightnings opened in the same number of Dominaria drafts. And that's not even factoring in other product being opened. So yeah, maybe there aren't as many Fatal Pushes floating around as you thought.

Now, let's talk rares. Say you want to open a Chainwhirler from Dominaria. Well, based on my calculations (which are totally accurate, by the way), you have about a 35% chance of opening one in a draft. That may seem low, but remember, we're assuming Aether Revolt is being drafted half as much as Dominaria. And if that were the case, there would be about 43.75 Chainwhirlers for every 70 Fatal Pushes. So, even though Chainwhirler is a rare and Fatal Push is uncommon, the numbers aren't that far off.

So, what's my point in all of this? Well, a big reason why Fatal Push is so damn expensive is because Aether Revolt was underopened. And now with Guilds of Ravnica being a large set that's being drafted on its own, with several desirable cards at rare, the price of Assassin's Trophy is gonna be capped. Yeah, that's right, I said it. The Trophy ain't gonna break the bank like Fatal Push did.

So, let's stop complaining about the price of Fatal Push and start looking at the bigger picture. It's not just a matter of rarity, it's about supply and demand, and how a set is drafted. Yeah, it sucks when a card you want is expensive, but that's life in the world of Magic. So, let's just enjoy the game and stop whining about the prices, alright?
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I've got a bone to pick with some of you and your so-called "ideas." First off, let's talk about the whole government retraining thing. Yeah, yeah, I get it. It sounds all nice and fancy to assume that the government is gonna swoop in and save the day with some amazing retraining programs. But come on, let's get real here. Do you honestly think the government is gonna do something that they've never done before just to make your proposal look good? That's some next-level delusion right there.

Now, I know what you're thinking. "Oh, but OP, what about that Power+ plan that was supposed to help coal miners?" Well, let me break it down for you. There are less than 630k people working in the coal industry, and out of that, only 50k are actual miners. So, you're telling me that we have to spend a whopping 10 billion dollars to help out a fraction of those workers? Talk about a waste of money. And let's not forget that most of these miners can easily find jobs in other energy sectors with minimal retraining. So, why should we be throwing money at them when they don't really need it?

But fine, let's say we decide to go ahead with this ridiculous plan anyway. Even if we divide the money equally among all those 630k workers, that's still around 16k per person. And guess what? That's enough for some damn retraining! I mean, seriously, most of these workers don't need a fancy four-year university degree. A local uni costs around 18k anyway, so they can definitely afford it. See, it's not as impossible as you make it out to be. Maybe you should do some research before spouting off nonsense.

And hey, did you know that there are actually some initiatives out there that are trying to help workers in different industries? Shocking, I know. Take a look at what's happening in West Virginia, for example. The Coalfield Development Corporation received over 600,000 dollars to support agriculture production on reclaimed surface mines and provide job training and business incubation services. Pretty cool, huh? Or how about the collaboration between Appalshop and a community college in Kentucky to implement a one-year IT workforce certificate? That's some practical stuff right there.

And it doesn't stop there, my friends. San Juan College received a sweet 1.4 million dollars to offer worker retraining services in collaboration with emerging IT, healthcare, and renewable energy sectors. The Chicago Transit Authority even got 200,000 dollars to train bus mechanics and technicians. Now that's what I call a plan!

But of course, all these amazing initiatives were brought to a screeching halt by good ol' Trump. Yeah, remember when the coal miners decided they'd rather cling onto the idea of a golden age of coal mining instead of moving forward? Talk about shooting themselves in the foot. Way to go, guys.

So here's the deal. I'm tired of hearing all this talk about better, more cost-effective approaches. If you've got a brilliant idea, spill the beans already. What's your grand plan to solve all our problems? Oh, that's right, you don't have one. It's easy to sit back and criticize, but it takes real guts to come up with something practical. So until you've got something useful to contribute, maybe keep your half-baked ideas to yourself.

Alright, rant over. Let's get back to scrolling through this subreddit and hope we stumble upon some actual intelligent discussions.
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I'm about to school you on American culture. Now, I'm just a regular Reddit user, so take all this with a grain of salt. But hey, I'm here to answer your question and give you a taste of what it's like in the good ol' US of A. 

First things first, let's talk about fashion. Now, don't expect us Americans to be strutting around in designer clothes and looking all fancy. We tend to be more focused on comfort and practicality. Sure, you might find some folks in Texas rocking cowboy hats and boots, but that's more of a regional thing. The rest of us just want to throw on some jeans and a t-shirt and call it a day.

Now, let's dive into something a bit more serious - the Constitution. This bad boy is like our holy grail, the ultimate rulebook for our country. It's like the Kardashians of politics, always at the center of attention. Any political debate you stumble upon is probably going to revolve around someone's interpretation of the Constitution, especially the Bill of Rights. Freedom of speech, right to bear arms, you name it. It's all there, causing arguments left and right.

Speaking of arguments, let's talk about nationalism. We Americans are all about that red, white, and blue. We love our country and we're not afraid to show it. Bald eagles, heavy metal guitar riffs, you name it. And let me tell you, there's something about a beach full of people wearing those patriotic bikinis that just gets the blood pumping. Maybe it's just me being a young American male, but damn, it's a sight to behold.

Now, I can't talk about American culture without addressing the elephant in the room - racism. We've had our fair share of problems in that department, no doubt about it. Personally, I haven't experienced much racism, but I know it's still an issue for many people. The majority of us are welcoming and accepting, as long as you follow the rules and respect others. But like any society, we've got our fair share of idiots who can't handle people of different races and backgrounds. Hopefully, we're making progress and leaving that crap behind.

Alright, let's move on to guns. Oh boy, this is a touchy subject. We Americans love our guns. I mean, seriously, we own a ridiculous amount of them, somewhere around 300 million. It's all tied to this idea that if the government ever goes rogue, we need to be armed and ready to fight back. The Second Amendment is like a sacred cow, protected by a bunch of gun enthusiasts who won't budge an inch. Of course, this is a controversial topic, and I could go on and on, but I don't want to start a full-blown debate right here.

Now, let's shift gears and talk about the military. Americans are damn proud of our military. We believe it's the best in the world, even though most of us don't support getting involved in foreign wars and all that nonsense. We spend a ridiculous amount of money on defense, like ten times more than Russia. Some of us think we should cut back on that spending, but hey, research and development gotta happen, right? A lot of us have family members who served in past wars, and that pride runs deep.

Now, let's get to the fun stuff - music and film. We Americans produce music and movies like nobody's business. From hip-hop to rock, country to pop, you name it, we got it. And don't even get me started on our film industry. Hollywood is like the motherland of movies, churning out blockbusters left and right. So yeah, if you're into any kind of entertainment, you're bound to find something you like.

Oh, and let's not forget about sports. We're the heartland of professional basketball, baby. You won't find better players anywhere else in the world. American football and baseball are also huge, while soccer (or football, if you're not from the States) is still trying to gain the same level of popularity. But hey, give it time, it might get there eventually.

Alright, I think I've rambled on long enough. This is just scratching the surface of American culture, and I'm sure there are a million other things I could talk about. But hey, I hope this gives you a little taste of what it's like to be living in the land of the free and the home of the brave. Stay curious, my friends!
------
Yo, what's up Reddit fam? Just came across this thread and couldn't help but jump in. First of all, I gotta say, your whole argument about free will being impossible is a hot mess. Like seriously, you're overcomplicating things for no reason. Let me break it down for y'all in a simpler way.

So, you're going on about this thought experiment and how it proves that free will is a logical impossibility. But let me tell you something, thought experiments are just that - thoughts. They don't necessarily reflect reality. So, bringing up this whole simulation thing and parallel universes just seems like a bunch of unnecessary mumbo jumbo.

And before we go any further, can we just take a step back and ask ourselves why we even care so much about whether free will exists or not? Like, does it really matter? We make choices every day, and whether they're determined by the universe or by some random probability, does it really change anything?

You also mentioned something about wishful thinking and how it's tied to free will. I'm sorry, but that's just plain wrong, my friend. Wishful thinking has nothing to do with whether we have free will or not. It's just a natural human tendency to hope for certain outcomes, regardless of whether we believe in free will or not. So, let's not confuse the two, okay?

Now, let's talk about this whole "determinism vs. probabilistic indeterminism" thing. Look, life is messy, and trying to fit everything neatly into these categories is just not realistic. Sure, there may be aspects of our lives that are influenced by external factors, but that doesn't mean we're completely devoid of agency. We still have the ability to make choices and take actions based on our own desires and motivations.

And honestly, who cares if our choices are influenced by the events that precede them? That's just how life works, dude. We are shaped by our experiences and the world around us. It's not some big conspiracy to take away our free will. It's just the nature of existence.

So, in conclusion, let's not get too caught up in these philosophical debates about free will and determinism. It's a rabbit hole that can lead to nowhere. Instead, let's focus on living our lives the best way we can, making choices that align with our values, and not worrying too much about whether we have some magical "free will" or not. Peace out, Reddit!
------
Hey, I stumbled upon this thread and I just wanna say, WTF happened during that Bill Burr interview on Colbert? Seriously, I can't believe how badly Colbert treated him. It's like he had a personal vendetta against the guy or something. 

First of all, did you notice how cold Colbert was towards Burr the entire time? It was so obvious that he was deliberately trying to shit on him. And that question, "Is there anything that makes you angry?" Seriously, what kind of lead-up is that? They obviously discussed the bits beforehand, but Colbert didn't bother to set any context or even make it remotely interesting. 

Burr looked genuinely baffled, almost teary-eyed at the betrayal. And let's not even get started on Colbert's face when Burr walked into his seat. That smug expression spoke volumes. 

Oh, and the editing! It was so awkward and choppy. You know Colbert had to be sitting in on the editing, telling the editor to cut off at any hype. They always cut early into Colbert's deadpan reac
------
Hey, I gotta say, your post is quite something. I mean, seriously, where do I even begin? You're spouting all this stuff about how the left wants open borders, abolishing ICE, and making illegal immigrants citizens. I hate to break it to you, but that's just not true. It's like you're living in some alternative universe or something.

And let's not forget your hatred for welfare. I get it, nobody wants to be lazy and depend on handouts, but let's face the facts here. Welfare programs are not designed to keep people in poverty. They're meant to provide temporary assistance to those who need it most. Sure, there are always gonna be some folks who take advantage of the system, but that doesn't mean we should throw the whole thing out.

Oh, and don't even get me started on your love for those right-wing YouTubers. PJW and Mark Dice? Seriously? You think they're speaking truth? They're just a couple of clowns who make a living off of fear-mongering and spreading conspiracy theories. It's no wonder you're so misinformed.

And then there's your rant about taxes. Look, I get it, nobody likes paying taxes. But you're completely off base with your claim that the rich were paying more than their fair share. In reality, the top 1% of Americans have been getting away with murder when it comes to taxation. They've been able to exploit loopholes and offshore accounts to avoid paying their dues, while the rest of us shoulder the burden.

But hey, let's not forget about NAFTA. Yeah, it had its flaws, but to blame all our manufacturing job losses on it is just plain wrong. Globalization and automation have played a huge role in job displacement, and it's naive to think that simply renegotiating trade deals will magically bring back all those jobs. We need to adapt and invest in new industries, not pine for the glory days of a bygone era.

And you know what really grinds my gears? Your dismissal of raising the minimum wage. Lowering it? Are you serious? Do you have any idea how tough it is for people to survive on minimum wage? It's barely enough to cover the basics, let alone climb out of poverty. We need to raise the minimum wage so that hardworking individuals can earn a decent living.

Look, I get it. We all have different opinions and perspectives. But if you're gonna make a post on Reddit, at least try to back up your claims with some actual evidence. Don't just regurgitate talking points from YouTubers and politicians. Educate yourself, engage in thoughtful discussions, and maybe, just maybe, you'll start to see the world in a different light.
------
Yo, what's up, fellow Redditors? So, I've got a little relationship problem and I need your honest opinions. Here's the deal - I'm a 31-year-old dude who's head over heels for my 33-year-old girlfriend. We've been together for a year and we click on every level possible. Seriously, it's like we were made for each other. We're into the same political commentator, music, dietary preferences (we're both vegans), and even our mannerisms match. She's the one, you know?

But here's where things get a bit sticky. Before we hooked up, she was in a long-term relationship for about 7 and a half years. Cool, no biggie, people have pasts, right? Well, here's where the issue comes in. Right before her long-term relationship, she kinda went through a phase where she was dating and sleeping with a bunch of dudes. And when I say a bunch, I mean a frickin' bunch.

Between August and November 2009, she hooked up with three guys. The first one was a coworker that she knew for a few months, dated for a mo
------
Yo, what's up my fellow Redditers? Just wanted to drop a quick post on this new thread I stumbled upon. So, let's talk about Lola or should I say Laura Stuart? Yeah, it's kind of confusing because in the dub and sub they both call her Laura Stuart, but her actual name is Lola. And trust me, plenty of peeps are gonna refer to her as Lola in these threads, so just a heads up.

Alright, let's get into the deets. First off, can we talk about Lola's hair? It is insanely long. Like, seriously long. It folds twice, once near her feet and then again back at the top, making it 2.5 frickin' times her height. Talk about hair goals, am I right?

Oh, and did you know that Lola is the Archbishop of Necessarius? Yeah, I know Necessarius is just one parish of the Anglican Church, the "0th" one to be exact, but Lola holds all the power in the entire organization. Forget about the king or queen of England, in the world of Raildex, it's Lola who's calling the shots. Though, gotta give credit where it's due, the queen still holds some power, just not directly over the church (as if anyone cares).

Here's the kicker though, this whole scene takes place in the center of London, not Japan like the rest of the series. Talk about a change of scenery, huh? But hey, it's nice to switch things up a bit.

So, apparently Lola speaks in some old, archaic Japanese that she learned from reading ancient books and literature. She even asked Tsuchimikado if she was speaking normally, but the dude straight-up trolled her and lied. Classic Tsuchimikado move, am I right? Gotta love his sense of humor.

Oh, and guess what? The anime refers to the author of the Book of the Law as Edward Alexander. But here's the juicy part that the anime doesn't reveal (I got this from the LN, by the way), the magician known as Edward Alexander also held the name Crowley. Yeah, the same Crowley that pops up all the time in Index. Mind blown, right?

Now, let's talk about why Stiyl and Lola, two Brits, were speaking Japanese in the middle of London. Apparently, it was their way of having a private conversation without anyone understanding them. But leave it to Stiyl to bring up the fact that someone might actually get what they're saying (they were right by a Japanese restaurant, go figure). That's when Lola decides to whip out that "telepathic" magic. Smooth move, Lola.

Oh, and that huge church they end up in front of? That's Saint George's Cathedral. Gotta say, it's pretty badass.

So, Maika drops some big names in the next scene - Daihaseisai and Ichihanaransai. Hold up, let me break it down for you. Daihaseisai is this city-wide sports festival where different schools compete against each other in classic anime sports festival matches. Three-legged race, anyone? And then there's Ichihanaransai, a massive cultural festival featuring each school in the city. Think maid cafes and all that anime cultural festival jazz. And here's a fun fact for you, "sai" at the end of a word means festival in Japanese. So it's either called Daihaseisai or the Daihasei Festival. Pretty catchy, huh?

Now, let's talk about Maika. This girl must have some superpowers or something because she's resistant as hell to getting dizzy. I mean, seriously, how does she do it? I would suggest it's an esper power, but she's a level 0. Guess some people are just born with superhuman tolerance to dizziness.

And can we talk about how chill Maika is when some tall random dude she's never met before puts his hand over her friend's mouth? Like, no biggie, just some guy invading personal space. Cool, cool.

I gotta say, I love how Touma losing his memories gives the series a chance to drop little details that would seem normal to him pre-amnesia. Like the mention of Daihaseisai. I know it may annoy some peeps, but personally, I'm all about that juicy exposition. Feed me more, Raildex!

Alright, let's switch gears and talk about this airhead nun, Orsola. Bless her heart, she's cute and all, but dang, she really is an airhead. Oh well, at least she brings some entertainment to the table.

Now, here's something that blew my mind. Agnese, you know, the girl we just got introduced to? Turns out she has the same voice actress as Nobunaga from FGO. Kugimiya Rie, you killin' it, girl. I love her work in FGO and the various drama CDs where she voices Nobu, but it's insane that I never realized she also voiced Agnese until I watched a clip from Index II. Mind officially blown.

And get this, Agnese is only like 12 or 13 years old, but she's super sensitive about her height. Like, girl, you're already as tall as Index, so what's the big deal? But nah, she decides to wear these sandals with gigantic soles called chopines. Guess fashion is everything, even for young witches.

Alright, this next bit is gonna be on the test, so listen up. Stiyl drops some mad history knowledge about the author of the Book of the Law, Edward Alexander, aka Crowley. This dude was a real piece of work. He used his wife as a medium to contact a guardian angel, AiWass, during one of his trips. And get this, when his daughter died, he didn't even flinch. Dude just kept doing his research on magick. And it gets worse, he even used a group of girls as sacrifices, all the same age as his daughter, just to carry out an experiment. What a scumbag. But hey, can't deny the guy made some significant contributions to the field of magical rituals, opening up new grounds in the world of magick. So, yeah, scumbag with benefits, I guess.

Oh, and before I forget, that map pilgrimage spell doesn't actually use literal whirlpools like those UTW-Muzui subs said. Nah, they're more like "portals". And get this, the map required for the spell was created by Ino Tadataka, the dude who first mapped out Japan using modern surveying techniques. Gotta love that attention to detail, right?

Alright, last thing before I wrap this up. Touma really knows how to mess with Stiyl's head, man. And I gotta say, he has good taste. Saint Martha is a babe. She's totally my type too.

Oh, and one more thing. I wrote this whole post last night after watching the episode, but totally forgot to post it until now. Seriously, I had good intentions, but we all know how that goes. Life happens, ya know?

Anyway, that's my take on this episode. Can't wait to hear your thoughts, so drop a comment and let's keep the discussion going. Catch y'all later! Peace out!
------
Alright, listen up fellow Redditors. I'm about to lay down some truth bombs here, so brace yourselves. I don't buy into this whole "god" thing intentionally causing all the chaos in the world. I mean, seriously? If this god is supposedly responsible for creating everything and knows everything that's gonna go down, then it damn well knew what it was doing!

Let me break it down for you with a little analogy. Imagine someone is creating a parking meter or some stupid contraption that shoots out sharp metal shrapnel randomly. Now, if that person has half a brain, they would anticipate that the shrapnel could potentially hit innocent pedestrians. And if they had perfect knowledge of the past, present, and future, they would KNOW exactly what harm it would cause. So, if this supposedly all-knowing god decided to create a planet where earthquakes and hurricanes happen, it must have known for sure the harm it would cause us puny humans. Yet, it went ahead and did it anyway. What a genius move, right?

Oh, and don't even get me started on malaria. You keep avoiding that question like it's the plague itself. Yeah, I get it, hurricanes are just some fancy thermodynamics stuff, but what about malaria? Is that written in some fundamental physical law? Huh? Your deliberate dodging of this question is starting to smell fishy. Are you trying to deceive us or are you just intellectually dishonest?

And here's another thing. You claim that my argument assumes that the world was made solely for humans. Well, guess what? That's not just my viewpoint, buddy. Plenty of Christians out there believe that too. But even if we put that aside, it doesn't change the fact that if this god decided to plop humans on earth, it's responsible for how it created the damn place. Couldn't it have chosen a more suitable location instead of picking whatever was available? Talk about lazy.

Oh, and one more thing. Stop attacking my emotions and focusing on the argument itself. Just because I'm passionate about this topic doesn't mean my point is any less valid. So quit deflecting and address the actual argument!

You say I'm painting malaria and earthquakes as evil? Well, guess what? They're often referred to as "natural evil" or "unnecessary suffering." It's not about being all judgmental and calling them unethical, but rather pointing out that a supposedly "good" and "all-loving" being wouldn't create such unnecessary suffering. Seriously, who can justify a being that causes innocent children's eyeballs to be devoured by parasites? That's some messed up stuff right there.

And don't even try to tell me that there's no foundation for the problem of evil. Have you been living under a rock? It's one of the great philosophical dilemmas that has been debated for ages. So quit acting like it's some baseless argument without any logic behind it.

Alright, I've ranted enough for now. Just remember, when it comes to questioning the existence of some divine puppet master causing chaos and suffering, it's all about using your brain and not blindly accepting what you're told. Open your eyes, people!
------
Look, I get it. The whole Kavanaugh situation was a mess. But let's be real here, guys. When you decide to become a public figure, whether it's as a politician or a celebrity, you have to know what you're getting yourself into. It's like signing up for an all-you-can-eat buffet and then complaining about gaining weight. You made the choice, buddy.

I'm not saying it's right to falsely accuse someone of anything, especially something as serious as sexual assault. Trust me, I don't condone that at all. But what I am saying is that when you step into the spotlight, you better be ready for some serious scrutiny. People are going to dig deep into your past, looking for any dirt they can find. And let's be honest, we all have skeletons in our closets. So don't act surprised if someone brings up that embarrassing moment from high school or that questionable photo you posted on Instagram. It's all fair game once you're in the public eye.

Now, let's talk about the Clintons. Yeah, they're public figures too, and they're definitely no strangers to controversy. But here's the thing: they knew what they were getting themselves into. They've been in the game for decades, and they've weathered countless storms. Say what you want about them, but they never cried about their reputation being ruined or their hobbies being affected. They played the game, and they played it well. Love 'em or hate 'em, they knew what they were signing up for.

And let's not forget about all the accusations thrown at Hillary during the Benghazi hearings. Even after it was proven that she did nothing wrong, the Republicans still shouted "lock her up!" I mean, seriously? Can we not move on? But that's just politics for you. It's a dirty game where reputations get tarnished and fake news spreads like wildfire. It's not right, but it's the reality we live in.

Now, before you get all riled up, let me make one thing clear: no one should be falsely accused and have their life destroyed in the process. That's just plain wrong. But when you step into the public eye, the rules change. The burden of proof is different, and the court of public opinion can be brutal. It's a sacrifice you have to make if you want to play in this arena.

I'm not saying it's fair. I'm just saying it's how things work. Look at the past presidents and politicians who have been accused of all sorts of things. It's a mess out there. And now that the Supreme Court has become a political institution, it's only going to get worse. So buckle up, folks, because this is the new normal.

In conclusion, nobody asks for false accusations or a destroyed reputation. But if you want to be a public figure, you better be prepared for the consequences. It's a tough world out there, and the higher up you climb, the more scrutiny you'll face. It's not pretty, but it's reality. So think twice before you decide to put yourself in the public eye. It's a choice you have to make, and it comes with a price.
------
Why the hell is it so hard for some people to understand that posting nude pictures of someone without their consent is not only illegal, but also immoral and absolutely disgusting? I mean, seriously, what is wrong with these people?

I can't even begin to count the number of times I've come across posts on various NSFW subreddits where some sick individual thinks it's perfectly okay to upload nudes they received from someone on Tinder or Snapchat. They seem to believe that just because someone shared those pictures with them, they now have the right to broadcast them to the entire internet. How messed up is that?

And it's not just revenge porn, although that's still completely unacceptable. There are people out there who think it's perfectly fine to violate someone's trust and privacy by sharing nudes they received privately, without any regard for the consequences it may have on the person involved. It infuriates me and disgusts me to no end.

Let me share a personal story that will
------
Honestly, I don't get what all the fuss is about. So what if this guy did something messed up when he was a teenager? Who hasn't made stupid mistakes when they were young? We shouldn't judge him based on one incident from decades ago.

I mean, come on, he was underage and drunk. People do dumb things when they're in that state. It doesn't necessarily reflect his adult judgment or character. And let's not forget, he might not even remember what happened because he was so wasted. So why are people making such a big deal out of it?

The only reason this is blowing up is if this is some sort of pattern for him or if there's evidence that he tried to cover it up. Otherwise, let's just move on and let the people who have the power to confirm him do their damn job. They should be allowed to investigate and ask whatever questions they want to make an informed decision.

And seriously, why are we even talking about getting the FBI involved? That's a whole different ball game. The FBI is concerned with criminal investigations, statutes of limitations, and all that legal mumbo jumbo. This is a hiring committee we're talking about, not a court of law. They're just trying to choose the best candidate for the job. They don't need to meet some specific level of certainty or only count illegal actions against a candidate.

In the real world, employers weigh the severity of someone's past actions against the likelihood of them being true. They might even conduct follow-up interviews or reach out to third parties to get more information. It's just common sense. They want to minimize any potential risks and ensure they're making the best decision possible. And that's exactly what should happen here.

So instead of shaming the people who want to ask questions, debate, and gather more information, let's encourage them. Let's encourage those who genuinely want to be informed and make the best decision possible. And let's call out those who blindly insist on treating the maybe as a definite yes or no without any further investigation.

We shouldn't let this one incident define this guy's entire career and future. We're all human, we're all flawed, and we've all made mistakes. Let's focus on the bigger picture and give people the chance to learn and grow from their past actions. It's time to move on and stop blowing this out of proportion.
------
Hey there fellow Redditors! So, I stumbled upon this subreddit after trying out some cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) and kind of liking it, but also finding it incredibly tiring and not that effective. Like seriously, challenging my thoughts all the time was just draining me, and let's be real, it wasn't really getting me anywhere.

And don't even get me started on visualization! That shit never worked for me. Whenever my therapist would tell me to "visualize putting your negative thoughts in a box," my mind would go full-on Hollywood blockbuster mode. I mean, seriously, I'd imagine this dystopian underground bunker filled with mysterious objects that were barely visible because of the dim lighting. It was so absurdly elaborate that I couldn't focus on anything else! Like, come on, therapists, give me something simpler to work with!

Now, I haven't tried much eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR) myself, but my therapist seems to think it's all about distraction while exposing you to the distressing stuff. Some people swear by it, especially those dealing with PTSD, but personally, I have my doubts, especially when it comes to anxiety. But hey, it's worth a shot, right? Gotta keep an open mind and try new things, especially considering how freaking exhausting this whole process can be.

So, here's the deal with Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT). It actually incorporates some elements of CBT, but it takes a different approach. Instead of trying to rid yourself of negative thoughts, ACT is more about untangling yourself from them. It recognizes that these thoughts are normal and that we can choose to act differently despite them. You might feel like crap, but that doesn't mean you ARE crap or have to act like crap. It's been super useful for me because, let's be honest, I'm not exactly my number one fan, but I still want to keep improving and treating those who care about me well, even if they have questionable taste.

The key to ACT is identifying your values and goals, learning not to judge your thoughts as good or bad, and accepting that they'll always pop up. It's about learning to act in alignment with your values and goals instead of constantly reacting to and trying to control your thoughts and feelings. It's like giving your thoughts the finger and saying, "Yeah, I see you, but I'm gonna do my thing anyway!"

Oh, and here's a wild thought: have you considered other things that might be triggering your anxiety? I know, it sounds crazy, but it turned out I had a food allergy that was screwing with my cardiovascular system and causing constant anxiety and panic attacks. I totally brushed it off until I had a full-blown anaphylactic reaction, and let me tell you, that was NOT fun. But once I eliminated the culprit from my diet, boom, my generalized anxiety disorder disappeared! And just an FYI, taking vitamin D without magnesium was also giving me heart palpitations and a racing heart, so watch out for that too.

Okay, I've rambled on long enough, sorry for the text wall! Feel free to hit me up with more questions if you want. I'm here to share my experiences and help however I can!
------
Hey, listen. I get that you're going through some tough shit, but can you please tone it down a little? I mean, who wants to read a novel-length post about your depressing life? We've all got problems, man. Anyway, let me break this down for you in a way that won't put everyone to sleep.

So you've had a rough time, starting from a young age. Look, I'm not gonna pretend like I can relate to what you've been through because, frankly, I can't. But here's the thing: you gotta stop dwelling on the past and feeling sorry for yourself. Yeah, what happened to you sucks, but that doesn't mean you're doomed to a lifetime of misery.

First off, it's good that you opened up to someone about what you went through. That's a big step, so props to you. But don't expect everyone to understand or react the way you want them to. People can be pretty messed up, and unfortunately, some will use your pain against you. It's a shitty reality, but it's the truth.

Now, you mentioned reconnecting with old friends and thinking you found a place where you could be accepted. Bro, that's great! But then you started doing drugs and things fell apart. Surprise, surprise! Drugs aren't a solution, they just make things worse. And blaming your friends for your own poor choices? Not cool, man. Take responsibility for your actions.

Then there's the whole housemate situation. I mean, seriously? Living with eight people and one bathroom sounds like a nightmare. Of course, things went south when your car broke down. Life's a bitch sometimes, but instead of playing the victim card, why not focus on finding a solution? It's called adulting, my friend.

And dude, you really need to work on your communication skills. I mean, if you're accusing someone's daughter of thinking you're gonna rape her just because you lifted a blanket, that's messed up. Jumping to conclusions like that isn't gonna get you anywhere. And FYI, bringing up Sandy Hook victims in an argument is a low blow. Not cool at all.

Look, I'm not saying your life has been easy or that you should just suck it up and move on. But you gotta start taking control. You say you want to pursue music and art, right? Well, stop making excuses and start doing something about it. Yeah, it might be scary and it might bring up all those negative feelings, but sometimes you gotta face your demons head-on.

And hey, you mentioned your grandma. Sounds like she's been through some shit too. Maybe you could lean on each other for support and find a way to heal together. It's worth a shot, right?

So here's the deal, man. Life sucks sometimes, but it's what you make of it that counts. Yeah, you've been dealt a shitty hand, but that doesn't mean you have to stay stuck in this endless cycle of pain. Take control, make changes, and don't let the past define you. You've got potential, so go out there and kick life's ass.
------
Alright, let's get one thing straight: you're completely missing the point here. It's evident that you either didn't bother reading my previous comment properly, or you're just choosing to ignore it to further your own agenda. Either way, it's pretty frustrating.

First, let's address your claim that "suicide rates being high among LGBT+ folks doesn't necessarily mean that they are facing discrimination." Are you seriously suggesting that discrimination has no impact on mental health? Because if you are, then you clearly need a reality check. It's not rocket science to understand that systematic discrimination and societal rejection can have devastating effects on a person's well-being. And guess what? That includes their mental health too.

But hey, don't worry, I'll humor you for a moment and break it down even further. Numerous credible mental health organizations have found that discrimination is indeed a significant factor contributing to higher suicide rates among the LGBTQ+ community. So when I say it's highly irresponsible to discount that, I mean it. It's like sticking your head in the sand and pretending that a problem doesn't exist, which is not only ignorant but also harmful.

Now, onto your little attempt at misinterpreting my words. Nice try, but no dice. You're cherry-picking quotes from an article and conveniently leaving out the context. The part you quoted about homosexuality and mental disorders was not addressing discrimination, but biological and developmental channels. It's talking about how certain factors within an individual's nature might influence the development of psychiatric disorders. It's not saying that discrimination itself is a biological or genetic factor.

But of course, you wouldn't want to acknowledge that, would you? It seems like you're more interested in twisting words to fit your own narrative rather than engaging in an honest discussion. It's pretty sad, to be honest. And while we're on the topic, let's not forget that discrimination and stigma are not the only causes of mental health disparities within the LGBTQ+ community. There are other factors at play as well, but you conveniently choose to ignore those.

Oh, and let's not forget your attempt to claim that mental health organizations are all part of some grand conspiracy. Seriously? Do you really think that every major mental health organization is secretly working together to push an agenda? That's just absurd. These organizations are comprised of experts who have dedicated their lives to understanding and addressing mental health issues. So maybe, just maybe, they know a thing or two about what they're talking about.

Now, onto your attempt to misconstrue my argument. I never claimed that LGBTQ+ individuals face a lot of discrimination, and then pointed to evidence showing only a slight increase in suicide rates. That's a blatant misrepresentation of what I said. What I actually said was that suicide rates among LGBTQ+ youth are higher, although not as significantly different as once thought. And yes, discrimination contributes to poorer mental health outcomes, which encompass a range of issues, including increased vulnerability to mental illnesses.

But hey, if you're struggling to process these basic concepts, maybe it's time to take a step back and reevaluate your own comprehension skills. Because honestly, it's not that difficult to understand. And by the way, I'm not trying to prove you wrong just for the sake of it. I'm simply trying to correct your misguided attempts to twist scientific studies to fit your own narrative. It's important to have accurate information, especially when discussing sensitive topics like mental health.

And finally, let's address your claim that I'm somehow arguing for more discrimination against LGBTQ+ individuals. Seriously, where did you even get that from? Nowhere in my previous comment did I suggest such a thing. But since you seem fixated on knowing my stance, let me make it crystal clear: I support repealing 377a and legalizing same-sex marriages. Why? Because it's the fair and just thing to do. It's about creating a society that respects and values every individual, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity. So no, I'm not hiding my position, unlike some people.

In conclusion, try to read and comprehend properly before you go off on a rant. It's important to engage in discussions with an open mind and a willingness to learn. Twist the facts all you want, but the truth remains unchanged: discrimination affects mental health, and it's crucial that we work towards reducing it. Let's strive for understanding, empathy, and acceptance. Trust me, it'll make the world a much better place for everyone.
------
Man, I had the worst experience with this eyewear store recently. I mean, I usually spend around 500 bucks on glasses, but this time it was a disaster. I had to wait a freaking six weeks instead of just 10 days for my glasses! Can you believe that? And to make things worse, it was almost impossible to reach anyone at the physical store. Like, what kind of customer service is that?

But wait, it gets even better. When I finally got my glasses, guess what? They got my prescription completely wrong! Like, seriously? How hard is it to get a simple prescription right? And not only that, they made so many darn mistakes with the glasses themselves. I mean, come on, do these people even know what they're doing? And guess what else? They didn't even bother checking if the glasses fit or worked for me when I picked them up. How unprofessional is that?

I've been wearing glasses for over 20 years, and let me tell you, this was the first time I tried a different place, and it was a freaking nightmare. I needed those glasses fast because my distance vision was getting worse, and I had to travel alone in a few weeks. Being able to read signs was crucial, you know?

You know what ticks me off even more? Most people I know get their glasses in half the time, even from the same store! How is that fair? And don't even get me started on the cost. The thinning of the lenses is so dang expensive, but I gotta get it done because I actually want frames that suit me. It's not just about looking good, you know? Glasses have to be comfortable too. I've tried on so many pairs that looked freaking great but felt like crap, mainly because of the nose piece. Ugh, what a waste.

Now I'm thinking of trying out this supposedly cheaper place next time I need new glasses. But here's the thing, I'll only go if I'm really, REALLY happy with them. That disastrous experience I had before made me lose trust in opticians. Like, seriously, the peace of mind is worth the extra cash, you feel me?

And can we talk about this attitude I saw somewhere? People saying, "Who cares if they break? They're so cheap!" Like, excuse me? The only time I ever broke my glasses was my own fault, like three fricking years ago. These babies go through hell with me because I'm clumsy as heck, but they always survive. I've bashed my face against countless things, flung them across rooms, they've even ended up in a fridge, for crying out loud! But guess what? If a lens ever pops out, I know I can get it fixed for free the next day. That's the kind of service I expect!

So, I did a bit of research and checked out this eyewear store's website. You won't believe this, but they won't even tell you where they ship to until you're ready to pay. Talk about shady, right? And get this, minimum 21 days for shipping. Like, are you kidding me? That could stretch to months if anything goes wrong. No way am I risking that. This is one of those cases where being frugal doesn't mean spending the least possible. You feel me?

Honestly, next time I might just reuse my old frames if I don't try another store. I'd save around 130 bucks doing that. Yeah, you heard me. Two pairs of frames for just 130 bucks. The rest of the cost is all those damn modifications to the lensesanti-glare, thinning, and even one pair with reaction lenses. It's the thinning that costs the most, but hey, gotta have those slim lenses for my stylish self, right?

Anyways, I hope none of you have to go through the nightmare I had with this eyewear store. If any of you have recommendations for reliable and decently priced places to get glasses, please let me know. I'm done wasting my time and money on crappy service and shoddy eyewear.
------
Hey guys, so I've been seeing a lot of posts about eyeshadow and I just have to say, some of y'all really need to step up your game. I mean, come on, do you even know how to use eye primer? It's not just to cover up your stupid freckles, it's actually there to keep your eyeshadow from smearing all over the damn place. Like seriously, have you ever heard of patchy eyeshadow? Yeah, that's what happens when you don't use primer.

And don't even get me started on waterproof pencils. You better make sure you bought one, or else your pathetic attempt at liner is gonna be a total disaster. Personally, I use Urban Decay 24/7 or L'Oreal Infallible, but hey, maybe the NYX slide on pencils are decent too. Who knows? Not me, 'cause I've never bothered trying them.

Now, let's talk about those so-called prominent freckles on your lids. Honestly, they're not even that noticeable. Maybe just give it a shot and see if they still bother you once you've actually put some makeup on. I let my freckles show through my foundation and guess what? It makes me look youthful as hell. So stop stressing about it, alright?

Alright, now let's get down to business. If you want your eyes to look bigger, you gotta follow this simple rule: darker on the outer corner, lighter on the inner. It's not rocket science, people. And don't forget to add some eyeliner along your upper lash line. It may not show much, but it'll define your eyes and make your lashes look thicker. Trust me, I'm an expert at this.

Oh, and here's a little tip for you idiots: use small brushes. Our eyes are tiny, so our makeup should be too. Otherwise, you'll end up looking like a freaking clown. And when it comes to applying eyeshadow, pat it on with a small brush and bring it up just below your eye socket. Don't go crazy and bring it all the way up to your eyebrow. That's just gonna look ridiculous.

And for the love of God, blend your eyeshadow properly. We don't want to see any harsh lines, okay? Blend that shit out so it looks smooth and natural. Plus, I always do a puppy dog liner style instead of a cat flick. Trust me, it makes my eyes look way bigger. And filling in that little outer corner with liner? Game-changer, my friends.

Now, if you're just starting out with eyeshadow, I suggest using sheerer, less pigmented shades that are similar to your skin tone. No need to go all out right away. Save that for your eyeliner. Get creative with that shit. Add some glitter or go for a bold color. Just make sure it's thicker on the outer part and thinner on the inner. Easy peasy.

And listen up, broke bitches. You don't need to spend a fortune on expensive palettes and brushes. Hit up the drugstore and grab some on sale or cheaper options. Or better yet, borrow from a friend. Just try different things and see what works for you. Trust me, I've lent out my palettes to my buddies plenty of times. It's a great way to experiment without breaking the bank.

So there you have it, folks. I hope you learned a thing or two from my epic rant. Now go out there and slay those eyeshadow looks. And if you still manage to screw it up, well, I can't help you. Just embrace your inner hot mess and rock it. Peace out!
------
Alright, well, let me start by saying that snipers are just the worst. Seriously, they need to be nerfed ASAP. I mean, come on, what's the counter to a good sniper? Another good sniper or an ubercharge. That's it! It's so frustrating. 

But here's the thing, if spy wasn't such a bloody useless class at higher skill levels, maybe we wouldn't have this sniper domination problem. Seriously, give spy some better options for getting around the map. Like, why can't he have a grappling hook or something to bypass those annoying barriers? It would make spy a way better counter to sniper, and people might actually consider playing spy more often. 

And let's not forget about the ambassador. That gun was a godsend when it came to countering snipers. I mean, snipers always had a razorback or were hiding behind other people or sentries, making it super hard to get the kill. But with the ambassador, you could just headshot them for 102 damage! That's enough to make any sniper go "oh shit" and back away for a moment. And if the spy was good, they could follow it up with another headshot or some body shots to finish the job before having to cloak away. It was perfect. 

But of course, they had to nerf spy because apparently, he's supposed to be this surprise backstabber who punishes people for not paying attention. Like, seriously? That's his whole shtick? What happened to giving him more options and versatility? It's not fair. If we're gonna limit spy to just surprise backstabs, then we should do the same to other classes with subclasses. Demoknight and trolldier are both pick classes that originated from explosives classes, so should we nerf the market gardener and the demo shields too? I think not.

And don't even get me started on those people who say spies should only clean up low health targets. Like, yeah, that's one of his roles, but it's not his only role! He can do so much more. The ambassador was perfect for him because it allowed him to hit those clutch headshots on retreating enemies. It required skill and precision, and it filled his role perfectly. But no, apparently, that turned spy into something else, like a scout or something. Give me a break.

If you really want to see spy playing like a scout, then go watch h.a.r.d play spy. He literally plays it like a scout at times, using the dead ringer, spycicle, and revolver. That's the real deal right there. So if your problem with the gunspy playstyle is that it turns spy into a scout, then you're looking at the wrong weapon. You should be looking at the dead ringer, not the ambassador.

So in conclusion, snipers need to be nerfed, spies need more options, and the ambassador was a godsend. Don't at me.
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I have a bone to pick with some of you in this subreddit. Can we all just take a moment to stop and consider how ridiculously immature and ignorant some of the comments in this thread have been? Seriously, it's like I stumbled into a playground full of whiny brats who have nothing better to do than throw insults around. 

Let's start with the person who made the assumption that because China pollutes and other countries have more pollution overall, it absolves us from our duties. Dude, seriously? That's what you got from the previous comments? Talk about a selfish turd. Here's the thing, each country should take responsibility for getting their pollution under control. It's not about pointing fingers at other nations or making excuses for our own failures. We all need to step up and do better, plain and simple.

Oh, and can we talk about the person who decided to call out the US for not being part of the Paris accord? Look, I'm not saying the US is perfect, far from it. But to claim that not being part of the accord automatically puts them up there as one of the top polluters is just plain wrong. Sources were cited to back up that claim, so maybe do your research before spouting off nonsense.

And don't even get me started on the person who seems obsessed with Canada's emissions per person. Who the hell cares? In the grand scheme of things, it's irrelevant. We could all live in teepees and eat grass, and it wouldn't make a damn difference. So please, spare us your holier-than-thou attitude and focus on the bigger picture here.

Now let's address the person who clearly has a hard time understanding the concept of individual output versus total output. Here's a newsflash: both matter. It's not about one or the other. And berating someone and telling them to "grow up" doesn't change that fact. It just makes you sound like either a junior high school student or an older fella stuck in the same level of education.

Oh, and let's not forget the person who dismisses any positive impact of good intentions. Sure, lowering the cost of solar for everyone in the world is great, but let's not ignore the fact that they're also pumping out more pollution than any other country. Signing the accord doesn't magically make everything okay. Actions speak louder than words, my friend.

And finally, to the person who compared me to trailer park trash complaining about immigrants taking their jobs. What the actual hell are you talking about? I'm sorry, but your argument is so far off base that I can't even comprehend it. Take responsibility for my own actions? Excuse me, but last time I checked, I didn't sign any international agreements or have the power to make policy decisions. So maybe think twice before throwing around baseless accusations.

Look, I get it. Climate change is a complex issue, and emotions can run high. But resorting to insults and personal attacks doesn't further the conversation or help find solutions. Let's have a little more respect for each other, engage in meaningful discussions, and actually listen to different perspectives. Maybe then we can make some progress instead of just beating our chests and throwing tantrums.
------
Man, I've been wanting to get up on that stage with the apology community for years now. I mean, I saw all those big names like Hitchens, Harris, and Dawkins tearing apart religious apologists on YouTube and I thought, "Yeah, I want a piece of that action!" So, I decided to dive headfirst into debates with the Jesus freaks at my old Navy base.

Let me tell you, it didn't take long for me to realize I was just regurgitating their crap. I didn't have an original thought in my head, except for the fact that their arguments were total bullshit when you actually listened to them. So, I took a step back and spent a few years actually reading the damn Bible.

Now, here's what I've come to tell you guys: the Bible is pretty underwhelming when it comes to disproving the whole thing. I mean, if you look at it as simply the historical record of the Hebrews, it kinda makes sense. It's their attempt to explain their origin story and establish who's in charge. But honestly, it reads like a bunch of scholars sitting around one day going, "You know what sounds like a good idea? Let's create our own origin story!" And then they just went to town.

But if you compare it to other ancient civilizations and their records, it doesn't hold up. The Bible is so focused on the Hebrews and their little corner of the world that it completely ignores everything else. It starts off with this half-assed creation story and then just gets into the nitty-gritty of the Hebrews' lives. Like, seriously? That's all you got?

And let's not even get started on Genesis. This is supposed to be the foundation of the whole damn book, and by the fourth chapter, it all falls apart. We're supposed to believe that after God creates the world, there are only four people on the entire planet. And then, one of them kills another, and suddenly he's marked by God and sent off to the east. And what does he find there? A wife and a whole goddamn population of people just waiting for him. Give me a freaking break!

I'm sorry, but this book was clearly written from a human perspective, without any divine guidance whatsoever. You can't use it to explain reality, which is supposedly what the biblical apologists are all about.

Now, I'm not the kind of guy to drop the mic and walk away, mainly because I'm not a total douchebag. Real discussions take time. They require thoughtful opinions and viewpoints, not just some three-minute monologue meant to impress people. Look, I don't aspire to have a career in this shit, but if you're not already labeling me as an annoying, unoriginal, or boring douche, then hey, I'm down to join the ranks of internet and live debate personalities.

Thanks for wasting your time reading my rant.
------
Hey guys, buckle up because I've got a story to share with you. So, it all started when my boyfriend finally decided to grace me with a response after leaving me hanging for a good 11 hours. Seriously, who takes that long to reply? Anyway, he agreed to meet me at his apartment, and I thought it would be a good idea to talk to his dad first, you know, to get some advice on how to handle this situation.

Let me just tell you, I was a nervous wreck when I walked into his dad's place. I couldn't stop shaking, my voice was all shaky, and tears were welling up in my eyes. It was a whole dramatic scene, let me tell you. His dad, let's call him X, looked concerned so he sat us down to chat. And boy, did I have a bomb to drop on him.

I straight-up told X that I believe his son has been sexually abused for the past six years. Can you imagine the shock on his face? I mean, I was shocked too! But then, things started getting more confusing. X stopped me mid-story and told me that my boyfriend's mother died in a car accident when he was eight years old. Wait, what? I was dumbfounded. Apparently, X never remarried or had a girlfriend. So that means, my boyfriend's story about his mother being abusive doesn't add up. Mind = blown.

I took a few minutes to process this mind-bending revelation before driving over to my boyfriend's apartment. It was a short drive, about 10ish minutes, but let me tell you, those 10 minutes were pure chaos inside my head. I had to figure out how to confront my boyfriend about this whole mess.

When I entered his apartment, I wasted no time and demanded answers from him. I wanted the truth about his mother, the suspicious messages I saw on his phone, and if they really had been getting busy since he was a mere thirteen-year-old. And you know what he did? He apologized again and gave me the exact same story. Can you believe it? I was furious!

I yelled at him, telling him that X had spilled the beans about his mom being dead for almost 11 freaking years. There was no way his story could be true. My boyfriend just went silent and looked down, probably feeling guilty as hell. At that point, I couldn't hold back the waterworks anymore. Tears were streaming down my face like a river, and not the cool kind of river, mind you.

I felt so damn betrayed when he finally confessed. Turns out, the contact he had saved as "mom" on his phone was actually his ex-girlfriend, a freakin' 20-year-old bartender in our city. He put her name as "mom" to throw me off the scent, thinking I wouldn't suspect he was talking to another woman. And he thought he could get away with it by making up this elaborate story about sexual abuse. What a genius, right? Ugh, I couldn't believe it!

So, I made it clear that I wanted nothing to do with him anymore and stormed out of his apartment. He tried to follow me and plead his case, but I was having none of it. I hopped in my car, drove home with tears still streaming down my face, and threw everything he had ever given me straight into the trash. I mean, who needs that crap, am I right?

I'm still crying my eyes out as I type this. I feel so hurt, betrayed, and lost. I don't want him anywhere near my life anymore. In fact, I'm even considering moving towns just to escape him. That's how done I am with his sorry ass. Oh, and get this, he's gone all ninja online, using fake numbers to try and apologize. Like, dude, take a hint!

**Update:** Strap yourselves in, folks, because the drama continues. So, here I am, minding my own business in my cozy apartment when guess who shows up? Yep, my now ex-boyfriend, banging on my door and begging me to let him in so we can talk. What does he think this is, a cheesy rom-com? Not happening!

I've turned off all the lights and I'm staying quiet, hoping he'll just leave. I mean, he can see my car parked outside, so it's pretty obvious I'm home. At this point, I'm seriously considering calling the cops. I don't know what else to do. Maybe I should just pack my bags and go stay with my parents until this whole mess blows over.

On a side note, I've managed to find out the full name and workplace of his ex-girlfriend, the one he was hooking up with while pretending she was his "mom." I'm thinking about reaching out to her, just to get her side of the story. Stay tuned, folks, because this rollercoaster ride isn't over yet.

**Update #2:** Wow, guys! I've received so many messages of support, it's overwhelming! Thank you all for your kind words. I wish I could reply to everyone individually, but let's face it, I have a life outside of this Reddit post. So, to answer some of the burning questions you all have, I've added a comment down below with some additional info and a final update. Make sure to check it out!

Just a heads up, there are some personal details I left out for privacy reasons. For example, how his mother actually died. That's something he never talked about, and I didn't feel comfortable sharing it here. Trust me, there's a reason I kept it ambiguous.

Anyway, I think I need to clear my head and take a break from all this drama, so I'm turning off my phone and computer for a while. Maybe in the meantime, my ex-boyfriend will finally get the message and leave me alone. Fingers crossed!

Stay sassy, Reddit! Catch ya on the flip side.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I stumbled upon this whole controversy surrounding Thomas and his artwork, and let me tell you, it's got me fired up. Who does this guy think he is? Trying to defend his use of someone else's image by questioning ownership? Give me a break!

So apparently, Thomas is all about "challenging" and "provocative" art. Well, good for him. But just because he thinks he's some kind of deep thinker doesn't mean he gets a free pass to use someone else's work without permission. He tries to justify it by talking about compensation and representation, but let's be real here: he didn't even bother asking the subjects of the image if they were okay with being used in his little project.

And don't even get me started on his comparison to sampling and remixing in music. Yeah, sure, rap music samples tracks, but at least they give credit where credit is due. They don't just take someone else's work and claim it as their own. Thomas needs to learn a thing or two about respect and integrity.

Now, some people might argue that because Thomas is black, he has some special insight into the image of black youth in South Africa celebrating the downfall of a racist system. But you know what? That doesn't give him a free pass either. Just because he belongs to a certain race doesn't mean he can exploit the experiences and struggles of others for his own gain. Let's not forget that race does not automatically grant someone the right to appropriate someone else's story or image.

But here's where the real problem lies: Reddit and its narrow-minded view of art. It seems like there are some people on here who can't wrap their heads around the fact that art is more than just technical skill. It's about ideas, context, and concept. But to some Redditors, if it's not a perfectly drawn or painted piece, it's not worth considering.

Well, let me tell you something, my fellow Redditors. Art is subjective. It's about pushing boundaries, making people think, and challenging norms. And sometimes, that means focusing more on the message and less on the execution. So maybe it's time for some of you to open your minds and start appreciating art that doesn't fit into your narrow definition of "good" or "talented."

Now, I gotta give Thomas some credit. At least he had the decency to take down the controversial work after all the backlash. But that doesn't excuse his actions or make them any less disrespectful. And let's not forget that he didn't take it down because he suddenly realized he was in the wrong. No, he did it because he was called out and didn't want to deal with the controversy anymore.

But wait, there's more! Just to add fuel to the fire, Thomas has the audacity to say that altering the image should be the criteria for using it. Seriously? So as long as he changes it up a bit, he thinks he's off the hook? Newsflash, Thomas: that's not how it works. You can't just slap a filter on someone else's image and call it your own.

In the end, this whole debacle just highlights some of the major issues within the art world. The lack of respect for original creators, the disregard for consent, and the obsession with technical skill over substance. It's a sad state of affairs, my friends.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a casual Reddit user scrolling through a subreddit. All I can do is share my thoughts and hope that some of you will open your eyes and start thinking critically about these issues. Because at the end of the day, art should be about more than just pretty pictures. It should challenge us, make us uncomfortable, and spark important conversations.
------
Yo, what's up with all the whining and complaining about Clint Hurdle? I mean, yeah, he has a bit of an old man attitude, but seriously? You gonna get all butthurt over a bat flip? Get over yourselves.

I get it, you're pissed off because your manager defended his players after some dirty play. But guess what? That's what managers do! They got their players' backs, whether you like it or not. So why are you making such a big deal out of it?

And please, spare me the sob story about your precious team purposely beaning Cueto. Yeah, so what if Arrieta hit a couple of your guys? It happens in baseball. Every team retaliates when their guys get hit. Don't act like you're the victim here.

And then there's the whole Maddon situation. Yeah, maybe he didn't handle it perfectly, but let's not forget that Kang made a reckless play too. And instead of taking responsibility, he blamed Maddon. So quit crying about it.

Oh, and don't even get me started on your complaints about opposing fan bases in your stadium. So what if there are fans from other teams at your games? That's how it works! And yeah, I know there are some idiot fans out there, but guess what? Every team has them. Don't act like your fan base is superior.

And really? You're gonna bring up attendance numbers? Who cares how many people show up to the games? Maybe your team needs to put a better product on the field if you want more fans in the stands. And don't give me that crap about PNC Park having a smaller capacity. Pittsburgh may have a smaller population, but that shouldn't stop fans from showing up if they really care about the team.

So yeah, maybe it's time for you to stop complaining and start focusing on your team's performance. Quit blaming everyone else for your problems and take some responsibility. Maybe then you'll see some real success. But until then, stop with the whining and just enjoy the damn game.
------
Hey guys, I just wanted to share a super fun and chill build that I've been rocking lately. It's not gonna make you the next Diablo superstar, but trust me, it's a blast to play. So here's the deal:

First off, we got the moribund gauntlets. Now, I gotta tell you, this affix is just perfect for this build. Your golem sheds a corpse every freaking second, no RNG involved. It's like a never-ending parade of corpses, and it's beautiful. Plus, you don't even have to rely on Kanai's Cube for this one, so save that bad boy for something else.

Alright, once we got our corpse-shedding golem going, it's time to put on the pestilence master set. This bad boy comes with some sweet perks, like automatically firing a corpse lance every time you consume a corpse. And let me tell you, with all those juicy corpses lying around, you'll be launching lances left and right. Not to mention the insane damage reduction and the major boost to bone spear and corpse lance damage. This set is a no-brainer for our meme build.

Now, since we have corpses everywhere, let's make those health globes go flying. Life from death passive is where it's at. Every time you consume a corpse, boom, health globes for days. It's like a party of health down here. But wait, we need to keep our resources in check, so slap on those reaper's wraps. They'll make sure those globes refill our resource bar faster than you can say "loot goblin".

Now, some people might think that with all those health globes, we should go for a tanky build. But nah, let's do the opposite. We're going glass cannon, baby. Dayntee's binding and endless walk set will provide us with some solid defense. We can take a few hits and use those globes to heal up, no problem. And forget about the cheat death passive, that would kill our golem and ruin the whole corpse parade. Plus, dying is just part of the fun. Embrace it.

Now here's where I got a bit creative. I know most people would go for a poison build, but I wanted to keep things fresh. So I went with a cold build instead. I mean, who needs poison when you can freeze your enemies, right? Maltorious petrified spike and cubed scythe of the cycle give us some solid bone spear damage, and Krysbin's sentence is always there to give us that extra oomph. Stuns from bone armor, templar skills, and Zei's stone help unlock the full potential of our damage.

And finally, we got the corpsewhisper pauldrons in the cube. This bad boy gives us an additional 600% damage to corpse lance as long as we keep constantly consuming corpses. And honestly, that's exactly what we're doing, so it's a match made in heaven. Don't forget to include a cubed ring of royal grandeur to round out the build.

Now I gotta be real with you guys, this build isn't gonna get you to the top of the leaderboards. But who cares about that, right? It's all about having a good time. Trust me, I had no trouble clearing gr70 solo and completing the full season journey with this bad boy. It's a relaxing, one-handed gameplay experience that just feels right.

Now, I gotta admit, the strengths and weaknesses of this build surprised me. I thought I'd be mowing down weaker mobs left and right, but it turned out that running around gathering health globes kept me on my toes. The rift guardian was actually the easiest part, believe it or not. With the stuns, bone armor, and the help of my trusty golem, the bosses were completely annihilated in no time. Those poor suckers didn't stand a chance against the extra bonus damage from Krysbin's sentence. Bane of the stricken? Who needs that?

So yeah, you might wanna tweak the build a bit to fit your playstyle. Maybe swap out the endless walk set for a Unity and throw in a sweet hellfire amulet. There are definitely other optimizations that can be done, but remember, don't take away the meme aspect. Keep it silly and fun. That's what it's all about.

Alright, I've rambled on enough. Give this build a try and let me know what you think. It might not be the most competitive build out there, but trust me, it's worth it for the pure joy and laughs it brings. Thanks for reading, guys! Stay meme-y.
------
Hey y'all! Check out my progress pics at <url>! Just wanted to share my journey with you all and give a shoutout to my ex-girlfriend who used to hate on muscles. Well, guess what? I didn't let that stop me from achieving the body I always wanted!

I'm 29 years old and 5'11. So here's the timeline of my transformation: I did a slow clean bulk for about six months, going from 155lbs to 177lbs. Then, I cut down for four months and went back to 155lbs. 

Now, let me break down my routine for you. I started with PHAT, then switched to PPL, and then went back to PHAT during my cut. And let me tell you, none of that machine bullshit. I focused on complex freeweight movements, doing around 18-21 sets on a bulk and 15-18 sets on a cut. Gotta challenge yourself, you know?

And speaking of challenges, there comes a point in your lifting journey where you'll be scared shitless by the weight on the bar. That's when you know you're pushing yourself. No change comes from being a basic bitch. So embrace that fear and lift heavy!

Now, listen up, everything needs to be measured. Your weight, body fat percentage, food intake, rest periods, sets, lifts, reps - all of it. Write that shit down. It'll not only help you track your progress but also motivate you to beat your own records. Trust me, it'll come in handy later when you want to compare your gains.

Oh, and don't stress too much about getting an accurate body fat percentage. It's more about comparing yourself to your past self than nailing the exact numbers. Get yourself some calipers, practice, and be consistent with it.

Let's talk mentality. If you wanna go from skinny fat to fit, you gotta become a new person. It's not just about pretending for a few days or weeks. It's a permanent change. You need to adopt a fuck you primal mentality. When you see that heavy-ass weight, you better think, "Fuck you, lightweight! I'm gonna crush you!" That's the mindset you need to have.

And hey, the numbers should always be going up. Beat your personal best every damn week. But don't cheat yourself by lowering the range of motion, taking longer breaks, or using momentum instead of proper form. Keep it real, bro!

Now onto diet. During a bulk, go for TDEE + 500cal, and during a cut, go for TDEE - 500cal. Screw all those fad diets and carb restrictions. Just focus on hitting your protein goals and avoiding sugary crap and fast food. Find a few tasty meals that align with your nutritional needs and stick to them. Who needs math and measurements every day, right?

Make it easy on yourself, man. If your diet feels like torture, you're doing it wrong. Trust me, I happily ate bananas, whole wheat bread, oats, and even enjoyed some calorie-free soda. And no cheat days for me, ever. Consistency is key, not punishing yourself with bland chicken, rice, and broccoli.

Here's an example of my cutting diet:

Meal 1: 5 eggs, 2 slices of toast, 1 glass of fresca

Meal 2: 2 toast, 2 tbsp peanut butter, 2 bananas

Meal 3: Whey protein with water + cup of oats

Meal 4 (pre-workout): 1 banana
(post-workout): 1 banana and 1 scoop of whey

Meal 5: Veggie burrito - boiled spinach, corn, beans, and Newman's black bean salsa (seriously, it's bomb)

Snack if needed: Pickles. They fill you up without adding many calories.

Now, let's talk lift numbers. Unfortunately, I don't have my starting numbers, but when I was around 165lbs, here are my best lifts to give you an idea:

Deadlift: 420lbs x 1
Squat: 295lbs x 9
Dumbbell bench: 100lbs x 10 (barbell messes with my shoulders)

Alright, that's enough of my rambling. If you made it this far, thanks for reading! Don't forget to check out my progress pics at <url>. Stay motivated, keep pushing yourself, and remember, you can achieve whatever body you want with the right mindset and dedication. Peace out!
------
Hey guys, I need some advice here. So, I just hit a milestone in my doctorate program (woohoo!) and my girlfriend wants to take me out for dinner and drinks to celebrate. But here's the thing, I don't drink (not my cup of tea, pun intended). Anyway, our relationship has been pretty solid lately since we started living together earlier this year.

But, there are two issues that have come up. First, now that we see each other every day, the excitement of waiting to see each other has kinda disappeared. It's not a major problem, but it's definitely different from when we used to live apart. Second, I recently started taking this medication that has totally killed my libido. I'm talking about a 90% decrease here. On the bright side, it balances things out because my girlfriend has a lower libido too, except when she's had a few drinks.

Last night, we tried to have some fun in the bedroom, and well, let's just say it was a complete disaster. So, tonight I thought maybe we could do somethin
------
Hey folks, just wanted to share what I've got so far for my new build. Here's the case that I currently have from my dad's old computer that we worked on together back in the day. Can't post a pic right now, but I'll drop it in the comments later. I also managed to salvage an old PSU, which I think should work fine with my build. Just want to double-check with you guys.

Now, here's the deal - I can get Windows 10 Education and Microsoft Office through my university, so that's sorted. But everything else, I'm pretty much starting from scratch. Got a crappy keyboard, mouse, and monitor lying around, along with a bunch of random computer fans. Not ideal, I know.

I went with this motherboard because eventually, I plan to upgrade it piece by piece to this beast of a setup I found. You can check it out here. My end goal is to have two monitors, more RAM, a big mechanical drive, and possibly another 1080 along the way. So, naturally, I figured I'd go for a beefier power supply to accommodate all those upgrades. Why not pay a little more upfront so I don't have to shell out again later, right?

But hey, I need some feedback on my plan. Maybe there's a better motherboard option out there that suits my needs? Also, what are your thoughts on the monitor? Keep in mind, I do plan on getting a second one eventually. And here's the big question: high framerate or high resolution? Can't decide if I want to splurge for both or just pick one. Hit me with your suggestions, people!

Oh yeah, the keyboard and mouse I mentioned earlier are just temporary. I want to get a mechanical switch sampler and see what I like. Backlit is a must, but anything but red/orange/purple/yellow will do. As for the mouse, I'm not too picky. If there's a cheaper alternative that works just as well, I'm all ears.

Now, for the not-so-fun part - odds and ends. Besides a trusty screwdriver and something for cable management, what else do I need? Do I need an extra SATA cable for my SSD? Any other cables or parts I should be aware of?

Oh, one more thing. For the super budget version of this build, I'm thinking of skipping the graphics card and just using the integrated graphics from the motherboard. I'll also re-use my good ol' DVD/CD drive instead of going for the fancy Blu-Ray/DVD/CD one. This lower-end build will mainly be used for web browsing and school stuff.

Speaking of which, this computer will be primarily for school and gaming. I'll be doing web-related tasks, watching movies, and running programs like Matlab, Eagle, and Autodesk. And of course, gaming is a top priority. Not sure exactly which games I'll be playing, but I definitely want to be able to run Fallout 76 and some older games. Oh, and Kerbal Space and Cities Skylines too!

Currently, I'm stuck with an ancient HP laptop with a weak i3 and integrated graphics. It's been upgraded to 8GB of RAM, but gaming on it is a nightmare. Gets hotter than Satan's armpit even when I'm playing Halo CE online. Right now, I'm limited to console gaming on my Xbox One, but I really want to join the PC master race and do it right this time.

Alright, that's all I have for now. Would love to hear your thoughts, suggestions, and any advice you might have. Thanks in advance, you awesome redditors!
------
Look, I get it. You're not a fan of Elon Musk. But your entire argument is just one big mess of baseless claims and personal attacks. It's clear that you're just here to stir up trouble and spread negativity, and honestly, nobody needs that kind of energy in their life.

First of all, let's address your snide remark about Tesla. Saying that they were "nothing" before Musk took over is simply inaccurate. Tesla was already an established company when Musk joined, and he played a significant role in its growth and success. Sure, they may not be profitable yet, but they are certainly making progress. Pulling in 4 billion in revenue last quarter is nothing to scoff at.

And speaking of revenue, let's not forget that Tesla is now a globally recognized brand worth 50 billion. Again, not too shabby for a company that was supposedly "nothing." But I guess you could do better, right? Please, enlighten us with your expertise in building globally recognized brands worth billions.

Now, let's move on to your comparison of Musk and Bezos. Just because Bezos is worth 165 billion doesn't mean that Musk is a failure. They are two completely different individuals with unique paths and achievements. Musk's involvement in the engineering and design of SpaceX rockets is something to be admired, not criticized. It's called being hands-on and passionate about your work.

Oh, and let's not forget your attempt to shame Musk for reading. Seriously? Are you really trying to make reading seem like a bad thing? This just shows how desperate you are to find any fault in Musk, even if it means attacking his intellectual pursuits. Reading is a valuable tool for self-improvement, and it's commendable that Musk embraces it.

Now, let's address your absurd claim that reusing rockets was possible decades ago. Sure, it may have been theoretically possible, but no one actually did it until Musk came along. He revolutionized the space industry by making reusable rockets a reality. So yes, it was revolutionary, whether you want to acknowledge it or not.

And let's not forget your baseless accusation that Musk is "raping" the government for funds. Space exploration has always received government funding, and SpaceX is no exception. Musk is utilizing available resources to push the boundaries of what's possible in space travel. So instead of using inflammatory language to make your weak argument seem stronger, how about you come up with some actual evidence to support your claims?

As for SolarCity, yes, it was acquired by Tesla. What's your point? Companies undergo mergers and acquisitions all the time. It's a strategic move to expand and diversify their offerings. So why are you acting like it's some huge failure on Musk's part?

And finally, your personal attack on Musk's upbringing and accomplishments is just plain pathetic. Musk's journey from being an immigrant to a self-made billionaire is incredibly inspiring. It's not about "jerking him off," as you so crudely put it. It's about acknowledging the hard work and determination that went into his success.

So, before you continue bashing Musk and spreading negativity, maybe take a moment to reflect on your own accomplishments (or lack thereof). Criticizing successful people won't make you feel any better about yourself. Instead, focus on improving yourself and making a positive impact. Life's too short to waste it on pointless negativity.
------
Hey, I just wanted to chime in here. First of all, kudos to you for being confident in how you dress and doing it for yourself. It's important to feel good and sexy in your own skin, regardless of what others may think. Who cares if people think you're trying to manipulate them with your style? As long as you're happy and comfortable, that's all that matters.

Now, onto the topic of sex aversion. I understand where you're coming from, and it could very well be linked to your relationship with your boyfriend. Maybe you're just not attracted to him anymore, and that's totally valid. It's not uncommon for attraction to fade over time. And you're right, feeling obligated to have sex because you're in a relationship is not a healthy mindset. You should never feel pressured to do something that you're not comfortable with. Have an honest conversation with him about how you're feeling and see if there's a way to work through it together.

In terms of news about sexual abuse, I completely get why it can make you feel angry and helpless. It's a terrible thing that happens far too often, and it's understandable to want to protect yourself from those feelings. So maybe taking a break from watching such news could be beneficial for your mental well-being. It's okay to prioritize your mental health and focus on things that bring positivity into your life.

And let's not forget about the whole dress code issue. Yes, there are definitely sleazebags out there who objectify women, but they shouldn't dictate how you choose to dress. There will always be people who judge and make inappropriate comments, but their opinions shouldn't matter. The majority of guys who glance or smile at you are just appreciating your beauty, and there's nothing wrong with that. So wear what makes you feel good and ignore the haters.

Lastly, I just want to say that I love red hair too! It's such a unique and beautiful trait. So embrace it and know that there are people out there who find it incredibly attractive. It's important to remember that not all men are out to disrespect or objectify women. There are plenty of sensible guys who appreciate and respect women for more than just their appearance. So don't waste your energy worrying about what others might be thinking.

In conclusion, be true to yourself and do what makes you happy. Don't let the opinions of others bring you down or make you feel guilty. Your feelings and preferences are valid, and you deserve to be with someone who respects and values you for who you are. Keep being confident in your own skin and rocking that red hair!
------
So, I was just casually browsing through this subreddit when I stumbled upon this thread about the cost of Fatal Push in Aether Revolt. And let me tell you, comparing apples to oranges is just plain ridiculous.

First of all, let's talk about the chances of actually pulling a Fatal Push in a draft. In any given draft of Aether Revolt, you have a 70% chance of opening a Fatal Push. Yeah, I did the math. Out of the 42 non-Fatal Push cards in the set, 39 of them are not a Push. So, if there are 2 packs per person and 8 people in the draft, that's 16 packs of Aether Revolt in total. And if we multiply the probability of not opening a Push by itself 16 times, we get a 31% chance of NOT opening a Fatal Push. Therefore, there's a 69% chance of actually opening one in a draft. Simple, right?

But wait, before you start thinking that more Pushes were opened than other uncommons in large sets, consider this: small set drafts are generally underdrafted compared to large sets. Let's take Dominaria as an example. Assuming a conservative 25% increase in drafting for Dominaria compared to Aether Revolt (although I think it's even higher), for every 100 Aether Revolt drafts, there would be 125 Dominaria drafts. So, even if there were 70 Fatal Pushes opened in those 100 Aether Revolt drafts, we're looking at around 75 Wizard's Lightning cards assuming the 25% increase in drafting. And keep in mind, this doesn't even account for other products being opened. Trust me, that number is probably way off.

Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if there are just as many Fatal Pushes floating around as there are of a given rare from a popular large set. Yeah, you heard me right. Let's compare it to rares from Dominaria. Assuming that 1 out of every 8 packs opened has a mythic rare, that leaves us with 21 rares. So, if you're looking to open Chainwhirler, for instance, each pack has about a 1.9% chance of containing it and a 98.1% chance of not having it. Considering that 21 packs have rares (the rest being mythics), you have about a 65% chance of NOT opening Chainwhirler in a draft and a 35% chance of actually opening one. I did the math again, don't worry (.981^21 = .655). And if we assume the numbers above, with 1.25 drafts of Dominaria for every draft of Aether Revolt, that means there would be around 43.75 Chainwhirlers for every 70 Fatal Pushes. Sure, it's a bit lower, but it just goes to show the power of drafting.

In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Dominaria was drafted twice as heavily as Aether Revolt. And if that's the case, we might just end up with as many Chainwhirlers in the wild as there are Fatal Pushes, even though one is an uncommon and the other is a rare. And hey, even if my assumptions are a bit off, it still doesn't change the fact that the cost of Fatal Push is largely influenced by the fact that Aether Revolt was underopened.

So, before you go blaming the high cost of Assassin's Trophy on the low supply of Fatal Push, just remember that there are other factors at play here. GRN being a large set and being drafted by itself with several desirable cards at rare will definitely help keep the cost of Trophy in check.
------
Hey y'all, just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but chime in. I gotta say, some of the stuff being thrown around here is just plain ridiculous. Seriously, I can't believe we're actually having a discussion about instilling fear and all that crap. Like, really? Are we in kindergarten or something?

First off, let me address the whole Nazi thing. Look, I didn't call anyone a Nazi, alright? But hey, if the shoe fits, then yeah, maybe you should take a long hard look in the mirror. And don't come at me with this "intent of your language" nonsense. Who cares? Words are just words, man. It's not like they have some magical power to turn you into a Nazi or whatever. So let's quit with the drama and get real.

And speaking of getting real, let's talk about this whole idea of instilling fear to change people's minds. Are you kidding me? That's about as effective as trying to teach a cat to do backflips. Sure, go ahead and try your sweet approach on YouTube or 4chan. Let me know how well that works out for you. Spoiler alert: it won't. People are gonna keep spewing their nonsense and being jerks regardless of how nicely you ask them not to. It's just the way the internet works, my friend.

Now, let's dive into this whole free speech thing. Yeah, I get it, freedom of speech and all that jazz. But here's the deal: when you start labeling things as blasphemy and trying to silence people, you become the very thing you hate. It's like fighting fire with fire, except instead of fire, it's just a whole lot of stupidity. So let's stop with this dogmatic nonsense and start embracing some open-mindedness, okay?

And can we please talk about this whole "I know better because I'm Jewish" argument? Like, seriously? Your identity has nothing to do with whether or not you understand something. That's just plain old benign racism right there. And no, playing the authority card doesn't make your argument any more valid. It's irrelevant, plain and simple.

Oh, and before you start claiming that I have no arguments, let me set the record straight. I do have arguments, my friend. Plenty of them. Just because I may not agree with you doesn't mean I don't have anything to say. So let's not play dumb here.

Now, regarding this whole Nazi paranoia thing. No, I'm not saying that people want to murder, discriminate, and enslave others out of spite for a third party. That's not the point I'm trying to make. The point is that Nazis aren't actually gaining popularity. It just seems that way because everyone and their grandma is being labeled a Nazi these days. It's all just a big paranoid mess, if you ask me.

And let's not forget about the whole training to kill people issue. Yes, one person training to kill others is one too many. But guess what? You can't stop crazy people from being crazy. It's just a sad fact of life. And here's another mind-blowing revelation for you: attributing this craziness to an entire group of people based on genetics is straight-up insanity. So maybe we should focus on addressing the individuals who pose a threat rather than spreading fear among an entire community, huh?

And hey, if you wanna block me, go right ahead. It's not like I have all day to waste on another self-proclaimed "woke" warrior. Trust me, you're doing yourself a favor. Because honestly, your argument is just making you look like a liberal who's all about punching people you disagree with to instill fear. And let me tell you, that's not a good look, my friend.

So let's try to have a little common sense here, people. We all want a society where non-violence is the baseline, right? That should be a no-brainer. And no, I'm not defending any racists or apologizing for anyone. I'm just saying, let's treat everyone equally and focus on the actual issues rather than getting caught up in this ridiculous identity politics nonsense. Can we at least agree on that?
------
Alright, buckle up folks, because I'm about to drop some truth bombs here. Now, I don't claim to be a Terran expert, but I've definitely had my fair share of barracks mis-clicks and stim cancels. And you know what? It's not the game's fault. It's not some conspiracy by Blizzard to make us feel like idiots. It's just a simple case of human error.

Let me break it down for you. We've all been there, right? You're in the heat of battle, adrenaline pumping, trying to micro your heart out. You need to lift that barracks to save it from certain doom, so you quickly select it and go to click lift... only to accidentally cancel your precious stim upgrade. It sucks, I get it. But guess what? It happens to the best of us, and it's nobody's fault but our own.

Some people like to compare this to Protoss players misplacing forcefields on ramps. And sure, they can be devastating mistakes too. But let's get real here - we're talking about two different situations. Comparing it to a warp prism is just plain unfair. When you warp in units, it's a conscious decision you make, and there's little room for error. But when you accidentally cancel your stim, it's usually because you're trying to do multiple things at once. Maybe you're under pressure, maybe you're just a little overeager. Either way, it's not the same as intentionally warping in units.

Now, some people argue that if you're researching an upgrade, it's even worse to cancel it accidentally. And yeah, I can see where they're coming from. But let's be honest here, how often are you actually going to need to lift off your barracks while researching an upgrade? It's not exactly a common occurrence. And if it does happen, well, maybe it's time to rebind your lift key to something less prone to misclicks.

And don't even get me started on the risk-reward game. Look, I get it. We all want to be the fastest, most efficient player out there. But trying to time everything perfectly and mucking it up before switching add-ons is just asking for trouble. It's like playing with fire, and sooner or later, you're gonna get burned. So why not just wait until you know for sure the upgrade is done? It's not worth the 100+ seconds you're potentially throwing away just to save half a second. Use your head, people.

Now, I'm not saying that cancelling warp-ins on a warp prism is the same as cancelling upgrades on a tech lab. Clearly, one is worse than the other. But the principle behind it is the same - it's all about player control. In both situations, it's the player's fault, not the game design itself. Sure, the consequences may vary, but the root cause is the same.

So, let's stop blaming the game for our own mistakes. Let's stop looking for auto-fixate functions for forcefields or making excuses for cancelling our upgrades. Let's take responsibility for our actions and strive to improve our own gameplay. Because at the end of the day, it's really that simple.
------
Hey everyone, I just stumbled upon this thread and I couldn't help but jump in. I mean, seriously, are we still debating this? Abortion is a woman's right, plain and simple. 

First of all, let's talk about this whole viability argument. Yeah, sure, a fetus might be viable outside the womb at around 25 weeks, but that doesn't mean it's guaranteed. And honestly, who cares about legal purposes? We should be focusing on what's best for the woman and her situation, not some arbitrary age requirement like drinking or smoking. And don't get me started on what to call an abortion at 26 weeks. Let's just call it what it is, a woman making the decision that's best for her.

And don't even get me started on this whole "inalienable right" nonsense. Look, just because something depends on an "outside force" doesn't mean it's not a right. It just means that it's a natural human right that we won't let the government take away unless they have a damn good reason. And if you don't think bodily autonomy is one of those rights, well then we're just gonna have to agree to disagree.

Oh, and to the person who thinks women can give birth on their own but not abort... please do some research. Women have been self-aborting for ages. The difference is that when it's legal, it can be done safely with reduced risks. So yeah, there's that.

Now, I do agree that law and morals can influence each other, but come on, people! Just because the government funds abortions doesn't mean they're taking away your precious choice. It's about making sure that everyone has access to the healthcare they need, whether you like it or not.

And let's not forget, women are not just incubators. I mean, seriously? Just because they have a uterus doesn't mean they forfeit the right to make decisions about their own bodies. It's not about reducing women to incubators, it's about recognizing their autonomy and giving them the power to decide what happens to their own bodies. Simple as that.

And let's not bring evolution into this. Sure, our reproductive systems have a purpose, but that doesn't mean we're required to fulfill that purpose. We have choices, people! Choices!

And for those of you bringing up slavery, yeah, it's a valid comparison. Slaves didn't have the right to bodily integrity, just like women are being denied that right when it comes to abortion. It's about recognizing that bodily autonomy is a fundamental right, not about some silly debate over when life begins.

And speaking of life, let's settle this once and for all. The baby in the womb is not violating the woman's body. I mean, come on, that's just absurd. Get your facts straight, people.

And to those who say the baby fits all the requirements for "bodily integrity," I hate to break it to you, but you clearly don't understand what that term means. It's about respecting a person's right to control what happens to their own body, not about forcing them to use their body against their will.

And finally, let's address this whole "choice" argument. Yeah, women have choices when it comes to contraception, but guess what? Condoms break, birth control fails, and people are going to have sex. And even if we throw all of that out the window, we still don't have the right to force someone to use their body against their will to sustain the life of another. It's about respecting individual autonomy, people!

So there you have it, my two cents on this whole abortion debate. It's time to stop arguing and start recognizing that a woman's right to choose is essential. It's about bodily autonomy, respecting individual choices, and understanding that women are not just incubators. End of story.
------
Hey, fellow Redditors!

Just wanted to vent a bit about the whole safety thing in the workplace. I mean, seriously, can we stop throwing that word around like confetti at a party? It's starting to lose its meaning, you know what I'm saying? Every time I hear someone say "safety," I just replace it with "communication" in my head because that's what it really comes down to.

You see, it's all about communication when it comes to keeping people safe. A freaking cone communicates a hazard, an email or procedure communicates intent and potential hazards. But guess what? Half the time, that communication is like a game of telephone gone wrong. The message gets all muddled up and people end up getting hurt. And don't even get me started on those fancy safety posters plastered all over the place. They're just for show, man! They don't mean jack when people are still getting injured left and right, and everyone's just trying to sweep it under the rug for the sake of their precious safety record.

Here's the thing, though. If you've got a workforce of 400 people and only one so-called "safety guy," maybe it's time to rethink your strategy. That poor guy can only do so much! Expecting him to keep everyone safe is like trying to drink water out of a frickin' fire hydrant, it's just not gonna work. And let's not forget about those delightful one-on-one conversations with management. Trying to fix a disgruntled employee's concerns feels like talking to a brick wall sometimes  like, hello, can we get some understanding here?

So, this is where I decided to take matters into my own hands. I joined this employee-led safety committee, thinking, hey, this could be the solution! No perks, no extra pay, just the chance to skip all the middlemen and go straight to the top. But let me tell you, it was a big ol' waste of time. All I ended up doing was bringing low-level issues to high-level people who couldn't give a rat's ass. It was like talking to a bunch of monkeys trying to operate a spaceship, completely useless.

But hey, at least I learned something valuable from the experience. I realized that the key to effective communication is connecting the dots. It's about finding out who's responsible for what and making sure the right people are aware of the issues. And that's where digital "paper trails" come in handy. I started sending emails and electronic write-ups to document everything, you know, leave a paper trail like I'm gonna need it in court or something. But you know what? It actually works! It shows that you're listening and taking action, and it keeps everyone on their toes.

Now, when I raise concerns, I make sure to include the person who brought it up, their direct supervisor, and whoever might be able to resolve the issue. The more, the merrier, right? Having multiple people involved seems to get better results, and sometimes they even continue the conversation among themselves to actually work on fixing the problem.

So yeah, that's been my little journey into the world of workplace safety. It's a mess out there, my friends. But if we want things to change, we gotta speak up, connect the dots, and make sure our voices are heard. Otherwise, we're just gonna keep going in circles, wondering why the heck nobody gives a damn about our well-being.

Stay safe, folks! And remember, communication is the real MVP here. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Peace out!
------
Yo, I gotta say, I ain't buying any of that stuff you just laid out. Like seriously, do you have a legit source for any of those claims? Cause I highly doubt it.

You said he brought businesses back to the States? Bruh, name one. And don't even try to bring up those carrier jobs that Trump made a big fuss about saving when he got elected. Guess what? They're gone now, just like that. So yeah, he didn't actually save them, did he? 

And don't even get me started on Obamacare. First things first, Trump hasn't repealed it. He got rid of the individual mandate, but the Affordable Care Act is still kickin'. So let's not twist truths here, my friend.

Oh, and you wanna talk about the repeal increasing GDP? Please, share your magical numbers with me. 'Cause from what I've read, a total repeal of Obamacare would cost a whopping 350 billion bucks over ten years. Yeah, you heard that right. And that's according to some pretty reliable sources, like the Congressional Budget Office and the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. So if you think totally nuking Obamacare without a backup plan is gonna be a good move, think again, buddy.

Now, let's talk about that glorious GDP growth and unemployment rate you're blabbering about. Sure, the GDP had a good quarter under Trump, but let's give credit where credit is due. Obama had four quarters with even higher growth, not to mention several others where growth was basically the same. And here's a fun fact for you, almost twenty percent of that growth last quarter was because of those sweet tax cuts. You know, the ones that are gonna double our federal deficit next year? Yeah, not so great, huh? Oh, and speaking of unemployment, it's at the same rate it was under Obama. Trump ain't turning things around, he's just keeping things steady. And get this, wage growth ain't looking too spicy since he took office. Under Obama, it was going up, but now it's stagnant. So please, spare me the "unemployment is going down" spiel.

Look, I get it, I really do. You want Trump to succeed, and you want America to be the best damn country in the world. But you gotta open your eyes, man. The dude lies about everything, even the most pointless stuff like the size of his inauguration crowd. If he's willing to lie about that, then why on earth would you believe a word he says about his supposed achievements? Just think about it, my dude. That's why everyone in that video is laughing at him, 'cause they know he's full of it. And they ain't afraid to let him know. So maybe it's time you stop falling for the lies and start seeing things for what they really are.
------
Honestly, I don't get why people think these stories are so profound. Like, who cares if the cloud castle depends on people believing in the wraiths? It's all just made-up fantasy crap anyway. And sure, maybe the truth about the planet makes things worse, but come on, it's not like anyone actually lives there, it's all just a story.

And don't even get me started on "the way of cross and dragon." So these guys go around creating religions? That's just messed up. Who gave them the right to mess with people's beliefs? And yeah, they might argue that it makes things better for people, but seriously, what kind of messed-up logic is that? Giving people something to believe in doesn't make it true, and it certainly doesn't give these liars a free pass.

"Bitterblooms" is just plain sad. This lonely woman falls for some made-up stories and then gets pissed off when she finds out they're lies. I mean, come on, did she really think she was traveling through space on a derelict spaceship? And then she goes on these actual amazing journeys, but still craves the lies? Talk about messed up priorities. Plus, going back to the spaceship to die? That's just depressing.

As for "dying of the light," I don't see how this warrior culture crap is supposed to be some great existential argument. I mean, sure, the main character has to accept their messed-up beliefs to find himself or whatever, but couldn't he have done that without all the violence and ritual combat? It just seems like an excuse to justify their messed-up culture.

Look, I get it, these stories are all about framing our lives with lies and finding meaning in that or whatever. But come on, life is already hard enough without making up more lies to make ourselves feel better. Isn't it better to face reality and deal with it head-on? Sure, it might be crappy and inhospitable, but that's just how life is sometimes. We don't need more lies, we need to focus on what's real and make the best of it.

So yeah, I'm not buying into all this philosophical mumbo-jumbo about the power of lies and framing our lives. It's all just a load of nonsense. Give me some real stories, something that actually matters. These stories might be popular on this subreddit, but personally, I'm not impressed.
------
Hey, so I stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, this whole Novichok thing is just a load of BS. Like seriously, it's been debunked ages ago. Boris Johnson made some crazy statement that turned out to be completely baseless. So yeah, let's get real here.

First off, these Novichok nerve agents supposedly developed in Russia? Total crap. There's no solid proof of their existence other than some Russian dude named Vil Mirzayanov spouting off about them. And guess what? No one has independently confirmed anything about these compounds. So how can we just believe this random guy?

Oh, and did you know that the chemicals used in Novichok can actually be made by ordinary chemical companies? Yeah, like the ones producing fertilizers and pesticides. So why are we automatically pointing fingers at Russia? Anyone could have made this stuff, man. It's not exclusive to them.

And don't even get me started on Theresa May and her "highly likely" claim. She says it's Russia because they developed Novichok in the first place. But guess what, lady? Other countries legally created Novichok for testing purposes after its existence was revealed. Even Iranian chemists published a damn method for making it! So how can you blame Russia when everyone and their grandma knows how to whip up some Novichok?

And speaking of blaming Russia, let's talk about this Sergei Skripal case. This dude was already imprisoned in Russia for years after he defected. So why would the Russian government suddenly wait for him to enter foreign soil before assassinating him? It makes no sense, guys. They had all the time in the world to do it on their own turf and sweep it under the rug. But nah, let's wait for him to travel and make it look super obvious. Great plan, right?

Oh, and get this. Yulia Skripal, Sergei's daughter, apparently wants to go back to Russia. If Russia was really behind all this, why would she willingly return to the domain of her supposed assassins? Either she's the dumbest person alive or this whole case just ain't what it seems.

So yeah, bottom line, there's no motive, no solid evidence, and definitely no grounds to blame Russia for a state-sanctioned assassination. The UK's so-called investigation is a joke. All they found were two guys who entered with fake identities and left quickly. And that's all they got? Seriously, it reeks of false flagging and propaganda. Can't trust anything these days, man.

Anyway, that's my two cents on this whole Novichok mess. Peace out, y'all.
------
Hey guys, 

I just had to vent about something that's been bothering me lately. I can't believe the number of creepy guys I've come across in my life, especially at work. I mean, seriously? Can't we all just be normal human beings and treat each other with respect? Ugh.

So let me break it down for you. At my current job, there are four guys who have crossed some serious boundaries. Let's start with the worst one, shall we?

Number one is a coworker who just can't keep his hands to himself. I'm talking constant inappropriate touching, leering, and making disgusting comments. It got to the point where I couldn't take it anymore, so I reported his sorry ass to HR. Hopefully, they'll do something about it because I refuse to put up with that kind of crap.

Then we have numbers two and three. These two idiots are both married, mind you, but they still think it's okay to hit on me outside of work hours. Like, seriously? If you're not happy with your wife, go sort out your own problems instead of trying to involve me in your drama. And the fact that they don't bring that shit to the office somehow makes it acceptable? No, it doesn't, you morons.

Lastly, we have number four. This guy had the audacity to ask me out outside of work hours, and when I turned him down, he became all passive-aggressive over text. Like, grow the hell up, dude. Just because I rejected you doesn't mean you have to act like a child. Thankfully, he didn't bring his childish behavior into the office, but it's still annoying as hell.

And you know what the worst part is? It's not just at my current job. I've dealt with creepy guys all throughout my life. From classmates to TAs in college, to guys I've interned with at other companies, and even from a past job. It's like I can't escape them no matter where I go.

I just want to go to work and do my job without having to deal with these weirdos. Is that too much to ask? Can't we all just be professional and treat each other with basic decency? I swear, some people should really take a long, hard look at themselves and their behavior.

Anyway, thanks for letting me rant, guys. It feels good to get this off my chest. I hope none of you have to deal with this kind of nonsense, but if you do, remember that you're not alone. We're all in this together, and hopefully, one day, workplaces will be free from these creeps. Until then, stay strong and don't let them bring you down.

Peace out.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? Just scrolling through this subreddit and I gotta tell ya, some of the posts here are straight up ridiculous. Like seriously, let's get real for a minute.

Okay, so this whole discussion about whether or not drugs should be legalized has been floating around forever. And yeah, I get it, there are some people who actually believe that making drugs illegal is gonna magically solve all our problems. Like, come on! Are you kidding me? It's not like the law is gonna stop people from doing drugs. If someone wants to get high, they'll find a way, no matter how many laws you throw at them.

Now, before you start attacking me, let me make one thing clear. I'm not saying drugs are good or anything, alright? I'm just saying that criminalizing them doesn't do jack squat to solve the issue. In fact, it probably makes things worse. Think about it, when something is illegal, people are driven underground to get it. And that opens up a whole can of worms - shady dealers, dangerous substances, you name it.

And don't even get me started on this whole "gateway drug" theory. I mean, seriously? That's just a load of bullcrap. So you're telling me that if someone smokes a joint, they're automatically gonna go out and start shooting heroin? Give me a break! It's all fear-mongering and exaggeration. People who want to try harder drugs will do so regardless of whether weed is legal or not.

But hey, let's be real for a minute. I could be wrong, right? I mean, it's not like I'm some expert on the matter. Maybe there is some tiny psychological effect when it comes to breaking down mental barriers. But come on, it's gotta be minuscule at best, especially when a behavior becomes more normalized.

And you know what? Even if there is some tiny effect, it's still not worth it to keep drugs illegal. The harm caused by the war on drugs far outweighs any potential benefits. We're talking about overcrowded prisons, ruined lives, and wasted resources. All that just to uphold a law that doesn't even work? Yeah, I'll pass, thanks.

So here's what I think. Let's ditch this whole prohibition nonsense and focus on harm reduction instead. Let's invest in education, rehabilitation, and support systems for those who struggle with substance abuse. Let's treat addiction as a health issue rather than a criminal one.

I know some of you are gonna disagree with me, and that's cool. We're all entitled to our own opinions. But let's try to have a civil discussion about it instead of resorting to snarky comments and spreading misinformation. We can't move forward if we can't even have a respectful conversation, right?

Alright, rant over. Feel free to share your thoughts, even if you think I'm completely off base. Let's keep it real, folks. Peace out.
------
Hey, I just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but chime in. I gotta say, some of the statements being made here are just plain wrong or misinformed. Let me break it down for you.

First off, I see someone mentioning that ML/Standard ML/OCaml was originally designed as a little DSL for theorem proving. While it's true that ML has its origins in theorem proving, it has evolved over the years into a general-purpose language. So yeah, calling it just a DSL for theorem proving is not entirely accurate.

And then there's this claim that ML is not the most suitable language for compilers, but it's still better than most others. Well, I beg to differ. ML is actually a pretty damn good language for writing compilers. Sure, it might not be perfect, but it gets the job done and does it quite well. So, saying it's just slightly more suitable than other languages is just selling it short.

Now, let's talk about the difference between theorem proving and compilation. One user here seems to think that they are basically the same thing because they both involve rewriting trees. And you know what? They're not entirely wrong. Backtracking and functional data structures are useful for both theorem proving and compilation. So, yeah, there's definitely some overlap there.

But come on, how can you seriously argue that array and vector computations can't be implemented in a language with pattern matching? That's just absurd! I've seen some pretty impressive stuff done with ML and pattern matching, so to say it can't handle array and vector computations is just plain ignorant.

And then we have someone bashing Python, calling it a pile of shit. Seriously? Python may not have been designed specifically for vector math, but it has become one of the mainstays of scientific computation. So, it must be doing something right. Calling it a pile of shit is just uncalled for.

Oh, and let's not forget the claim that if a language supports operator overloading, then it's suddenly great for vector math. Um, no. That's a pretty low bar to set. Just because a language supports operator overloading doesn't automatically make it great for vector math. There's a lot more to it than that.

And hey, parsing and manipulating inputs is a common task in virtually every program. Yet, many languages lack proper features for doing it efficiently. It's just mind-boggling. And don't get me started on why anyone would want to parse JSON in a language built for array-centric computing. I mean, seriously?

Now, there's someone claiming that C++ is well-suited for writing compilers because LLVM developers seem to disagree. Well, sorry to burst your bubble, but just because LLVM is written in C++ doesn't mean it's the best language for writing compilers. There are other factors at play, like performance requirements and the availability of toolchains for different platforms.

And whoever said that authors of most languages think they're developing a great general-purpose language is just plain wrong. Only the dumb ones think that way. The smart ones know that designing narrowly-scoped domain-specific languages is often a better approach. So, let's not generalize here, shall we?

Lastly, I have to address the misconception that laborious means it just takes time and effort to do something. It's more than that. If you're writing your pass in an unsuitable language, you end up with a lot of boilerplate code surrounding the actual meaningful code. And that's just plain laborious. A language built with tree rewriting in mind allows you to focus on the meaningful code and cut down on the noise rituals. It's just more efficient and maintainable.

So, in conclusion, let's try to be a bit more informed and open-minded when discussing these topics. Making sweeping generalizations and disregarding the capabilities of certain languages is not a productive approach. Let's have a healthy and respectful discussion instead. Peace out!
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I can't help but roll my eyes at some of these comments. Are we really wasting our time here on this subreddit, pretending to be all intellectual and morally superior? Give me a break! This whole debate thing is just an excuse for us to sit around and pat ourselves on the back for being so enlightened. And here we are, discussing the existence of God like it's some groundbreaking topic.

Let me tell you something, if someone actually managed to present a convincing proof for the existence of God, I would be shocked. But hey, I'll keep an open mind and consider changing my beliefs if that ever happens. Not holding my breath though.

Now, let's talk about this Narnia nonsense. Seriously, who actually believes that because lying is wrong, Narnia must be true? What a load of garbage! Narnia was written by some guy who clearly took inspiration from the story of Christ. The lion and evil queen are just representations of Christ and Satan, plain and simple. It's not some grand revelation, people.

And don't even get me started on the Bible. It's just like any other novel, trying to teach us some life lessons. So what if you find those morals right? It doesn't mean the Bible is factually correct or that your moral compass is solely based on it. Get over yourselves!

Oh, and here's a little reality check for you. Just because you think something is wrong doesn't mean it actually is. Right and wrong are subjective, my friends. We all have different opinions and perspectives, so who's to say what's truly right or wrong? Think about that for a second.

And to all those Bible-thumpers out there, let me drop a truth bomb on you. The Bible explicitly commands stoning gay people and those who had premarital sex. Yeah, you heard that right. But guess what? I'm not Jewish, so I don't buy into that Levitical law crap. It's not applicable in today's world, so stop using it as some moral high ground.

And for those of you arguing that a gay couple can have all those pure, noble, selfless elements that are present in a straight couple, well, good for you. I'm glad you can see past the bigotry and recognize love wherever it exists. It's about time!

But seriously, don't come at me with the "people reject Christianity because they find its standards and morality unjust and bigoted" nonsense. Sure, some people might reject it for that reason, but it's not the only one. People have plenty of valid reasons to question and challenge religious beliefs. Let's not oversimplify things here.

And speaking of oversimplifications, proclaiming that you love homosexuals while denying the validity of their marriage or love is just plain hypocritical. It's like saying, "I love black people, but they shouldn't be allowed to get married!" Does that sound coherent to you? Didn't think so.

Hey, let's try to have some honesty and respect for each other's beliefs here, okay? I know it's a crazy concept, but it might actually lead to some productive conversations. We don't have to agree on everything, but let's at least try to be civil.

Oh, and one more thing. This whole idea of hypothetical scenarios where the Bible says one thing but you find yourself hurting others without it explicitly saying anything about that? Yeah, that's just ridiculous. I don't live by some weird, twisted version of the Bible that conveniently aligns with my actions. I follow my conscience and try not to be a jerk to others. Simple as that.

And don't even get me started on this golden mean nonsense. It's an ancient philosophical idea, sure, but it doesn't hold up in real life. Being too kind to everyone doesn't make you cruel, and focusing on Christian virtues doesn't make you non-Christian. Can we please use some common sense here?

Alright, I've ranted enough. Let's keep the conversation going, but remember to approach it with some intellectual honesty and respect for each other. It's not that hard, folks.
------
Man, I gotta say, your previous comment seems like it's saying that the reason English isn't getting simplified is because people are all prideful and nationalistic. And that's probably why you're getting downvoted, bro. Now, I ain't no language expert or anything, but it seems to me that laziness and lack of motivation are more likely the reasons why English ain't getting simplified. I mean, who wants to put in the effort to change a whole language, right? I bet a lot of English speakers would actually agree with you that some simplification would be nice. Shoot, even I think so! But let's be real here, the language works just fine as it is. It ain't broken or nothing (at least not that I can think of). So any changes would probably just be little improvements to make our lives easier. And as much as we might want that, it ain't enough of a reason to go through the whole hassle of changing the language, especially since it's used and taught the way it is in so many places.

Now, I'm a native speaker, so maybe I'm missing some perspective on how hard English is to learn as a second language. I mean, to me, it seems a bit clunky with all them exceptions and stuff, but I don't know if it's worse or better than other languages in that regard. But according to this wiki I found (here's the link: [url]), English apparently has more phonemes than your average language. And the whole connection between letters and sounds can be a bit confusing at times. So yeah, when it comes to pronunciation, English can be a real pain in the butt. I mean, native speakers of related languages like Spanish or German probably have an easier time with it, but man, I feel sorry for those Japanese folks. English must be a real struggle for them, especially if all them anime shows are anything to go by. On the bright side, at least English has a phonetic alphabet, right? And no gendered nouns to worry about, which is a plus. But honestly, I don'
------
So, I just had the most ridiculous experience at the grocery store today and I can't even believe what happened. I mean, seriously, who does this kind of crap?

Okay, so picture this. It's a normal Sunday morning and I'm just doing my usual grocery shopping. Nothing out of the ordinary, right? I load up my car with all my goodies and suddenly I hear these loud popping sounds coming from behind me. Now, here's where it gets interesting. I'm a gun owner, okay? I go to shooting ranges with my husband from time to time, so I know what a damn gunshot sounds like. And let me tell you, these were definitely gunshots.

Naturally, I freaked the hell out. I dropped my bag of canned tomatoes and other random crap and practically sprinted to my car, clutching my purse for dear life. And let me tell you, I wasn't the only one. There were like ten to twelve people in my aisle, and as soon as they heard those shots, they turned tail and started running like their lives depended on it. Which, hey, I can't blame them because I felt the same way.

So there we were, a bunch of scared shoppers abandoning our carts full of groceries, racing to our vehicles just hoping to get the hell out of there alive. It was chaos, man. And to make matters worse, the gunshots just kept going. I swear, I must've heard at least twenty to thirty shots in the span of a minute. I legit thought the damn grocery store was getting shot up, and I'm pretty sure everyone else thought the same thing too.

Now, being the responsible citizen that I am, I decided to call the police. I mean, what else was I supposed to do in a situation like this? So, I dialed up the local authorities and they assured me that help was on the way. Thanked me for my call and all that jazz.

Anyway, I managed to keep my cool as I drove the short distance back home, but those gunshots were still ringing in my ears. I didn't have the guts to leave my car once I got home. Instead, I left al
------
Hey everyone,

Just wanted to give you all an update on what went down in my HR meeting this morning. I was fully prepared to go in guns blazing, ready to defend myself and all that jazz. I had my sources from the company handbook lined up and was ready to prove that I hadn't violated any social media policies and that I had followed the guidelines for reporting sexual harassment. But guess what? The meeting was way more chill than I expected.

Before I go any further, let me backtrack a bit. My college actually reached out to me about this TA from one of my old courses who had been hitting on me like there was no tomorrow. They asked if I could provide a statement because someone else had come forward with similar complaints. Long story short, dude was still being a creep even after all this time. And then there's this married guy from a previous internship who got all angry and threatening towards me because I called him out on Instagram. Needless to say, I've been taking extra precautions to stay safe lately. Thinking about getting the police involved because his messages were downright terrifying.

Anyway, back to the HR meeting. I took down both of my posts on Sunday just to show some good faith, not that I thought it would make much of a difference. So, when I walked into that meeting, I asked if I could record it, and the HR rep (let's call her Beth) said sure. She wanted to talk about the specific people I had posted screenshots of, who actually work at the company. (FYI, those screenshots made up less than a third of what I had.)

First up was coworker 1, the guy I had already reported to HR. Beth said he brought the posts to her attention, thinking that our "no contact" agreement applied to me too. I reminded her that there was no formal agreement in place, written or verbal. Surprisingly, coworker 1 was the one who brought it up, but I didn't say anything. Beth asked if he had harassed me or contacted me after my initial report, and I said no. Moving on swiftly.

Then we talked about coworker 2, who had actually been fired for unrelated reasons. Beth asked if there had been any further conflicts between us while he was employed, aside from those text messages. Again, I said no.

She asked the same question about coworker 3. I told her about the threatening texts I received from him on Saturday, filled with slurs and all kinds of nastiness regarding my sexuality. I gave her a printout of those messages, and she immediately stepped out to show them to her manager. When she came back, she told me that they had actually escorted coworker 3 out of the building due to his comments. Fired on the spot, apparently. Turns out he had a history of temper issues and this incident was the final straw.

Finally, we discussed coworker 4. I informed Beth that he hadn't contacted me after calling me a bitch for leaving him on read.

Now, you're probably wondering what happened next, right? Well, I had the same question. So, I asked Beth about the next steps. She mentioned that she would have asked me to remove the posts for confidentiality purposes, but I had already taken them down before the meeting. She also mentioned that she would be meeting with coworkers 1 and 4 again. Oh, and she assured me that I wasn't getting fired or anything like that. She wanted me to take a personal day for the rest of the day just as a precaution in case coworkers 1 or 4 wanted to confront me. So, here I am, on a personal day.

Phew! That was a lot to cover, but wanted to make sure you guys were in the loop. TL;DR - I had my meeting with HR today and things went smoother than I expected.

Catch you later,
[Your username]
------
Look, I get it. You think you're so clever, making snide remarks and twisting my words to fit your own agenda. But let me set the record straight for you.

First of all, I never said that the issue we were discussing hasn't been a problem in the past. What I said was that it's currently a hot topic because of recent allegations and new data. It's not like I made that up out of thin air. It's just the reality of the situation.

And speaking of twisting words, maybe you should reread the comment chain before you accuse me of doing that. The original topic was about left-handed versus right-handed learning and which religion enforced it. So yes, the topic of religion was introduced in that context. And then this guy comes along and brings up the molestation issue. Now, don't get me wrong, that's a serious issue too. But it's like going to a support group for assault survivors and saying, "Hey, at least you weren't raped." It's a backhanded joke, plain and simple.

You seem to have a problem with the idea of parents raising their children in their faith. Well, newsflash, it's not wrong to raise your kids according to your beliefs. That's what being a parent is all about. Of course, there are extreme cases where parents go too far and force their children into a religion, but that doesn't mean it's wrong to introduce them to your faith and let them make their own decisions when they're older. I, for one, plan on raising my kids Catholic. And when they're old enough, they can decide for themselves if they want to continue practicing or not. It may not be what I want, but they'll still be my children.

Now, let's talk about your claim that there are policies against gays in Catholicism. Name one, just one. You can't, because they don't exist. We're all under the same rules, regardless of sexual orientation. So, maybe before you start making baseless accusations, you should educate yourself a little bit.

And as for your vague statement about integration into government, I have no idea what you're talking about. Are you referring to the Catholic Church's influence in the US or the Vatican? Please clarify because I'm genuinely confused here.

You accuse practicing Catholics of cherry-picking verses, but I beg to differ. The people I see doing that are the ones who don't understand the teachings of the Church. Just because a few individuals misinterpret or misuse certain verses doesn't mean the whole faith is flawed. The Church is a hospital for sinners, which means we're bound to make mistakes. And let's be real, negative news always spreads faster than the positive. If you have specific examples of cherry-picking, I'd love to hear them.

You claim that Catholics believe they're better than others, but that couldn't be further from the truth. We believe that we're all children of God and that we're equal in dignity. So, again, maybe you should check your facts before making such outlandish statements.

As for your mention of violence, I assume you're referring to the crusades. Well, let me tell you something. Yes, the fourth crusade was terrible, but the other ones weren't as bad as you might think. Maybe you should do some more research before demonizing an entire historical event.

Now, let's address the elephant in the room: the clergy abuse scandal. Yes, there are priests who have abused their power, and it's disgusting. But guess what? We lay people aren't responsible for their actions. And just because they're in the wrong doesn't mean the whole faith is corrupt. It's like Napoleon saying he would destroy the Catholic Church, and the cardinals laughing because they knew the truth. The Church has been trying to destroy itself from the inside for centuries, but it's still standing. So, don't you dare try to invalidate my faith because of the actions of a few individuals.

And by the way, you clearly missed the first comment in the chain where I mentioned that I'm Catholic and confirmed the left-handed versus right-handed issue. That was the original topic of discussion, so don't act like it magically appeared halfway through the comment chain. You're the one ignoring the big picture and twisting things to fit your own view.

Finally, let's talk about "dirty laundry." I'm not hiding anything. Those priests who have committed these awful acts deserve to be held accountable, and there's no denying that. I'm all for Bishop Barron's plan of having a vatican-sponsored, lay-led investigation to get to the bottom of this and ensure it doesn't happen again. But let's be sensitive about how we discuss this issue. Sexual abuse is a deeply sensitive topic, especially for survivors. You wouldn't just casually bring up rape or murder in a conversation without knowing someone's backstory, so why do the same with sexual abuse? Let's have a well-formulated discussion in an appropriate forum, not make immature jokes about such serious matters.

So, before you come at me with your accusations and snarky remarks, maybe take a step back and reconsider your approach. Because right now, it just makes you look ignorant and disrespectful.
------
Alright, listen up people. I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but be annoyed by all the negativity and ignorance surrounding one of the most influential books in modern introductory philosophy. Seriously, it's like a broken record in here. Can we please move on and find something else to complain about?

Now, let's address this misconception that you guys think you're credible sources just because you can quickly look things up on the internet. Come on, really? We live in an age of instant gratification with information, where people think they can watch a YouTube video or read a Wikipedia page and suddenly become experts. News flash, folks: haste makes waste. So, when you write a review of a book without actually reading it fully, your complaints and summaries mean absolutely nothing. It's like relying on one biased news outlet for all your information and then using that to form your own opinions. Ridiculous, right? Well, the same goes for books. Don't be lazy, read it for yourself and form your own damn understanding and interpretation.

Oh, and before I forget, let me school you on the importance of studying Plato and Socrates. I'm assuming that some of you don't have the privilege of having an instructor teach you about these great thinkers. The reason we study them is because they developed the Socratic method, which involves respectful conversation and questioning to reach understanding. It's not about winning arguments or pointing out fallacies like you do in your little Reddit debates. It's a slow, patient process of mutual understanding that was revolutionary back in the day when education was a luxury. This method laid the foundation for various other disciplines like communications, philosophy, psychology, sociology, and more. So, just because you can't sit still for two lines of "certainly, that is so," doesn't mean it's useless. Maybe you should come back to the book when you've matured a bit and gained some life experience.

And let's not forget about the importance of defining the inhabitants of a city. Seriously, it's in freaking book 1! Plato delves into the significance of every damn detail to give us a bigger picture of how cities function. It's not just about promoting individual self-gains; it's about working together for the greater good of the city. That's why professors focus on certain portions of the text, to avoid overwhelming students with Plato's wacky ideas about otherworldly divinity and fragmented souls. And hey, guess what? Defining all the laborers is crucial because it reflects the reality of a bustling city where people have different roles and contributions. It's not leisurely philosophical debates here; it's about pragmatic considerations. And as for the guards, that distinction between classes and morals is still apparent in modern militaries. So, don't be so quick to dismiss the relevance of Plato's ideas.

Look, I get it if the book bored you or if you couldn't find anything personally enlightening in it. But don't act like you're some expert who can review authors like Dostoevsky, Cervantes, or James Joyce. Seriously, who the hell do you think you are? You may have your opinions, but don't make the foolish assumption that you know better than someone who has actually read and studied the book. So, go ahead, rant all you want, but remember to keep that superiority complex in check.
------
Hey, I totally get why you're bothered by this. It's completely understandable to feel insecure and hurt when you stumble upon something like that. It's important to remember that your feelings are valid, and it's okay to be upset about it.

First things first, take a deep breath and try to calm down. I know it's easier said than done, but getting worked up over this won't help the situation. Take some time for yourself to process your emotions and gather your thoughts.

Now, let's address the issue at hand. It seems like there are a few different aspects to this that are bothering you. One is the fact that your boyfriend follows these types of Instagram accounts, which makes you feel like you're not enough for him. Another is the discrepancy between what he's told you about not needing porn because he has you, and yet he's following these accounts. Lastly, the accessibility factor of these girls compared to traditional porn stars adds another layer of insecurity for you.

It's important to communicate your feelings to your boyfriend, but in a calm and non-confrontational manner. Instead of starting off with accusatory statements or attacking him, try expressing how his actions have made you feel. Use "I" statements to avoid sounding like you're blaming him, such as "I felt really hurt and insecure when I saw those Instagram accounts you follow."

Approaching the conversation with understanding and an open mind can go a long way. You might discover that he follows those accounts for completely innocent reasons, like being interested in alternative fashion or enjoying the cosplays. However, it's also possible that he might not fully realize how it makes you feel. By having an open dialogue, you can both gain a better understanding of each other's perspectives.

As a side note, it's important to remember that everyone has different boundaries and comfort levels when it comes to relationships. What might be acceptable for one couple may not be for another. It's essential to establish clear communication and boundaries that work for both of you.

If you find it difficult to bring up the topic, maybe consider writing down your thoughts beforehand. This can help you organize your feelings and ensure that you cover all the points you want to discuss. You could even provide him with some examples of the specific content that bothers you, so he fully understands what you're talking about.

Remember, relationships require open and honest communication. While it's natural to feel nervous or fearful of bringing up sensitive topics, bottling up your emotions won't lead to a resolution. Healthy relationships involve addressing concerns, finding compromise, and supporting each other's emotional needs.

After you've had a conversation, give yourselves some time to process everything. It's okay if you don't immediately find a solution or come to a resolution. These things take time, and it's important to have patience with each other.

Lastly, don't forget to take care of yourself throughout this process. Focus on building your self-esteem and finding things that make you feel confident and empowered. Remember that your worth is not determined by how you compare to someone else.

I hope this helps, and I wish you the best of luck in resolving this issue with your boyfriend.
------
Okay, so here's the thing. I've been lurking around this subreddit for a while now, and I couldn't help but notice this one user who seems to think he's the almighty creator of Venom. Yeah, you know who I'm talking about - Todd McFarlane. 

First of all, let's get one thing straight. McFarlane may have drawn Venom, but that doesn't mean he came up with the whole damn thing. Oh no, my friends, there were other talented people involved in this character's creation too. But does he ever mention them? Nope. Not a chance. It's all about him, him, and him.

I mean, seriously, have you ever seen McFarlane give credit where credit is due? I sure haven't. He conveniently forgets to mention amazing writers like David Michelinie, Roger Stern, and Tom DeFalco. And let's not forget about the talented Bill Sienkiewicz, who actually planted the seed for Venom's distinctive visual elements. Yeah, McFarlane conveniently forgets about that too.

If you don't believe me, just take a look at some of the artwork from the Spider-Man books during the Kraven saga. You'll see that Sienkiewicz had already laid the groundwork for Venom's unique appearance. And guess what? McFarlane was still busy working on the Hulk back then. So, how can he claim to be the sole creative force behind Venom's look when he wasn't even there when it was being developed?

And let's talk about Venom's iconic alien mouth. That idea came from the brilliant mind of H.R. Giger, not McFarlane. Sure, McFarlane may have added it to his artwork, but he didn't come up with it. And that slimy, tentacle-ish tongue? Well, that was Erik Larsen's doing, not McFarlane's. So, all these distinct visual traits that we associate with Venom? Yeah, none of them were McFarlane's original ideas.

But does he care? Nope. He keeps on claiming that he's the mastermind behind Venom's creation. He wants all the glory for himself, even though he didn't actually come up with any of the defining characteristics of the character. And now, he's even claiming to be the main, full creative force behind Venom's genesis. Give me a break!

Look, I'm not saying McFarlane didn't contribute anything. He did put pen to paper and dress Eddie Brock, a pre-existing character, in a pre-existing uniform. But that's about it. He followed the script and didn't come up with any groundbreaking ideas for Venom's appearance. It's as simple as that.

So, why am I so critical of McFarlane? Well, it's not just because I think he's overrated and self-absorbed. It's because he blatantly disregards the efforts of everyone else involved in creating Venom. And that, my friends, is just disrespectful. It's disrespectful to the writers, the artists, and everyone else who played a part in bringing this character to life.

I don't know about you, but I can't stand behind someone who takes all the credit and ignores the immense talent of others. It's just wrong. So yeah, I don't like McFarlane and I don't have to. And you know what? I think it's about time somebody called him out on his ego-fueled fabrications.

Rant over. Peace out.
------
Hey guys, so I was just reading through this thread and I gotta say, I totally get what you're saying about the quest stuff. Personally, I don't mind that style of storytelling because I actually enjoy finding those hidden side quests in the Fallout games. You know, the ones where you stumble upon a vault or a building and there's all this cool content written on the walls or on terminals. Those are some of my best memories from previous Fallout games!

So, I think what Bethesda is trying to do with Fallout 76 is explore a different kind of storytelling. They want to experiment with this whole multiplayer thing while also giving us those hidden quests to discover. From what I gathered from past announcements, they're not planning on making every Fallout game like this. It's just something new they're trying out.

I watched this video documentary about Fallout 76 and the team talked about how they had no idea how to even make a game like this. They had to go to other developers and really think outside the box. And you know what? That kind of willingness to try something new has me super excited! I mean, who knows what kind of awesome stuff they'll come up with in the future, right?

Now, I get that not everyone is into the whole player-meets-player thing. But personally, I love it! Some of my best gaming memories and online friendships were built on randomly goofing around with some dude I just met in a game. So, I totally encourage that kind of interaction in Fallout 76.

But here's the thing: you can still play this game solo if you want. Yeah, you might randomly bump into another player or get hunted down by some murder-happy maniac, but that's part of the experience. Bethesda doesn't want to turn this into a constant PvP fest. They've actually designed the system to punish those serial killers and troll-like players.

From what they've explained so far, if someone decides to go on a murder spree, they become a quest or an objective that you can simply ignore. It's like, "Oh, there goes Steve killing everyone again. Cool, let's just carry on with our lives." And when you die, the only thing you really lose is your junk or scrap tab. You know, all those precious resources like metal, wood, screws, glue, and whatnot.

So, let's say you died to some terrifying creature called a snagglegaster. If I happen to walk by with a stealthboy, I could totally loot your junk and move on. That's just how it works. But hey, let's say you're fighting this giant sloth and my squad of three buddies and I come along. We could actually help you take it down! We're not all bad, you know?

However, let's say after we defeat the sloth, I decide to shoot you in the head for kicks and giggles. Well, in that case, a bounty gets put on my head. But here's the cool part: my friends are totally fine because they didn't harm you. It's like a weird kind of honor system, you know?

But hey, if all four of us decided to shoot you, then we all get punished and lose caps when we die. It's not like some traditional dueling system where you have to accept a duel in a menu, like in Borderlands. It's more like, "Oh, he shot you and you took damage? Well, go ahead and fight back, buddy!"

I hope that explanation makes sense. I love discussing this stuff and hearing different perspectives, so let me know what you guys think!
------
Okay, listen up people. I've got something to say and I don't give a damn if you agree with me or not. So, here's the deal, I disagree with all this talk about World of Warcraft's new system. Yeah, yeah, I know, some of you are all hyped up about it, but let me tell you, it's a load of crap.

First off, let's talk about this Azerite gear thing that supposedly replaces all these other systems that actually worked. We had legendaries, artifacts, netherlight crucible, and tier sets, and now they expect us to be happy with this new pile of garbage? I don't think so.

Let's start with legendaries. Sure, they had their flaws, like the random way you obtained them in the beginning. But eventually, Blizzard made them targetable, so at least you had a chance to get the one you wanted. And let's not forget that some of those legendaries actually changed your gameplay. Now we're stuck with some boring traits that do nothing for some classes and are ridiculously overpowered for others. It's just a mess.

And what about artifacts? Yeah, they may not have been the most interesting decision-wise, but at least they gave us a sense of progression. Every level, you got a new talent and a power gain. It made you feel stronger, which is important when you're trying to kill stuff. But now, everything takes forever to kill, and the new Heart of Azeroth artifact thing is just not rewarding enough. Plus, if you wanted to play offspecs, tough luck because artifacts were spec-dependent. The new system doesn't address any of these issues and we're left with a watered-down version of what we had before.

Oh, and let's not forget about the netherlight crucible. Talk about a boring and basic system. It didn't do anything for gameplay and was just gated behind artifact levels. And guess what? The azerite system is almost identical to it. Are you kidding me? They took away the crown jewel of Legion, the artifact system, and replaced it with this crap? It's just sad.

And don't even get me started on tier sets. Yeah, they had their problems too. Balancing the bonuses was always an issue, and demon hunters got screwed with barely any class-themed sets. But at least they gave us something to work towards and made each class feel unique. BFA has nothing like that. The armor sets are plain and there are way fewer options compared to Legion. And don't even get me started on the lack of set bonus mechanics in the Heart of Azeroth. It's a joke.

But you know what the real problem is? It's not just these systems that are failing us, it's the overall lack of content. They took away profession quests, fishing artifact, first aid quests, order halls, garrisons, and even reduced the rewards from missions. And don't get me started on the island expeditions and warfronts. They are shallow as hell. All these systems and content that made Legion fun and replayable are gone, and we're left with a watered-down version of the worst systems from before.

Blizzard really dropped the ball on this one. Instead of building on what made Legion great, they decided to throw everything out and start from scratch. Well, guess what? It's not working. BFA feels like a chore to play, with grindy systems and diminished rewards. They should have taken a more incremental approach, making conservative changes that actually improved the game instead of ruining it.

So, there you have it. My two cents on this whole mess of a new system. Take it or leave it, but I'm telling you, something needs to change.
------
Hey guys, so here's the deal. I've got this old computer case that my dad built for me ages ago (okay, fine, I didn't do much except plug a few things in), and I'm wondering if it'll work for my new build. I'd post a pic, but I'm on mobile and can't figure out how to do that. Sorry, not sorry.

Anyway, I also have this old PSU lying around, and I think it should be compatible with my build. But hey, I just want to double-check with you all to be sure. Can't be too careful, right?

Oh, and guess what? I can get Windows 10 Education and Microsoft Office from my university! Score! Not that it matters, but I also have this crappy keyboard, mouse, and monitor that I plan on using for now. Oh, and a bunch of random computer fans just chilling in a pile. Yeah, I'm one classy guy.

Now, let's talk about the motherboard. I picked this one, but I could have gone cheaper. The reason I went with this baby is because I plan on upgrading piece by piece in the future. I'm dreaming big, you guys. Like, adding a second monitor, more RAM, a massive mechanical drive, and maybe even another 1080 along the way. So yeah, that's why I need a big-ass power supply. Why not shell out a few extra bucks now to save money later, right?

Anyway, I need some feedback on my grand plan. Am I making any huge mistakes here? Is this motherboard the right one for me? And what about the monitor? I'm still on the fence about high framerate versus high resolution. I don't think I want to pay for both, but convince me otherwise. By the way, the keyboard is just a temporary thing until I can try out some fancy mechanical switches and decide which one I like best. And the mouse? Well, it looks pretty nice to me, but if there's a cheaper alternative that works just as well, please enlighten me.

Oh, and what other odds and ends do I need for this build? Besides a screwdriver and something for cable management, of course. Do I need a SATA cable for my SSD? Any other cables or parts that I'm missing out on?

Oh, one more thing. I've got this super budget option in mind where I skip the graphics card and use the integrated graphics from the motherboard. I'll also use my old DVD/CD drive instead of splurging on a fancy Blu-ray/DVD/CD drive. This is just for web browsing and school stuff, you know? Gotta prioritize that education, am I right?

And finally, let me tell you how I plan on using this beast of a computer. Schoolwork, gaming, Netflix binging, you name it. I'll be running programs like MATLAB, Eagle, and Autodesk, and of course, playing some games. Not sure which ones yet, but I'd love to be able to play Fallout 76 and all its predecessors. Oh, and Kerbal Space Program and Cities: Skylines too. So yeah, that's the plan.

Just so you know, my current PC is a dinosaur of an HP laptop with an i3 and integrated graphics. I upgraded the RAM to a whopping 8 GB, but it still can't handle much gaming. It gets hotter than hell when I play Halo CE online. So, it's about time I join the PC master race properly, right?

Alright, that's it for now. Lay it on me, guys. Give me your thoughts, suggestions, and advice. Let's make this the most kickass computer ever! Cheers!
------
Hey, I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but notice how utterly clueless you are about the reality of the situation. Let's break it down for you, shall we?

First off, just because a company generates billions in revenue doesn't automatically mean it's better off. Did you skip Econ 101? Revenue is just one piece of the puzzle, my friend. Profit is what matters at the end of the day, and guess what? Amazon took decades to turn a profit. So before you start spouting off nonsense, maybe educate yourself on the basics.

And speaking of education, do yourself a favor and look up what market cap means. It's clear that you have no idea. Just because a company has a high market cap doesn't mean it's necessarily doing well. It's just a measure of its total value on the stock market. So quit with the amateur analysis, alright?

Now let's address your ignorant remarks about SpaceX. Have you ever heard of a little thing called a space shuttle? Yeah, there were companies before SpaceX that experimented with reusable rockets. It's not like Elon Musk single-handedly invented the concept. And guess what else? Vertical landings weren't economically feasible back then, and SpaceX still hasn't proven that they are now. Just because the government is throwing money at them doesn't guarantee success. The government funds tons of stupid things, in case you haven't noticed.

Oh, and don't even get me started on SolarCity. Sure, Musk didn't technically start or operate it, but he owned a majority stake and had a big hand in it. He practically bailed out the company to save his own stake. So don't give me that "he had nothing to do with it" nonsense. It's just another example of Musk using his influence to benefit himself.

And let's not forget about SpaceX being contracted by NASA. Yeah, they're involved in the race, but they still have a long way to go to catch up to Boeing. So let's not jump the gun here, okay?

Now, onto your ridiculous claim that Musk doesn't make money. Are you living under a rock? The man is worth billions, one of the wealthiest people in the world. So please, spare us your delusions. I never said people with big egos don't do what Musk does. I simply pointed out that they don't go around calling heroes pedophiles on Twitter. Only someone with a massive ego and a severe lack of judgment would do something like that.

Oh, and by the way, just because someone disagrees with Musk or criticizes him doesn't mean they think they can be a CEO of a multi-billion dollar company. That's some strawman argument you've got there. Being rich doesn't automatically make you smart or exempt you from criticism. It just means you have a lot of money. So quit acting like Musk's wealth is some kind of shield against valid criticism.

You know what's hilarious? Your claim that Musk is some kind of genius and that if we think otherwise, we must be crying. Please. The man is a salesman who overpromises and underdelivers every damn time. His projects are mostly gimmicks based on old ideas. And let's not forget that he takes credit for other people's work. Real impressive, huh?

So before you go running your mouth and defending Musk like some brainless fanboy, take a step back and actually consider the facts. Musk is a man who thrives on subsidies provided by taxpayers, overpromises, takes credit for others' work, and has proven to be a broken, petty individual. Maybe one day he'll actually generate a profit without getting kicked out of his ventures, but until then, let's not worship the ground he walks on, alright?

In conclusion, it's clear that you lack a basic understanding of the points being made here. Revenue vs. profit, market cap, the history of reusable rockets, Musk's involvement in SolarCity, the current status of SpaceX... the list goes on. So next time, before you spew your misguided opinions, do some actual research and try to form a coherent argument. Until then, I'll be over here, shaking my head at your ignorance. Peace out.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I gotta rant about this whole gear situation in World of Warcraft. Back in the day during Warlords of Draenor, you could just grind Ashran all day and get yourself a full set of gear from honor. It wasn't the absolute best gear out there, but it was decent enough for entry-level stuff. And let me tell you, that was a great way to gear up your alts real quick.

But guess what? Blizzard had to go and ruin it for us. They got rid of Ashran and made it harder to gear up through PvP. Yeah, sure, they added some other catch-up mechanics for alts, but it just ain't the same. In Legion, you could just buy gear on your main and send it over to your alts. Like, come on! I wanna earn my gear by actually playing the game, not just buying it with some currency I farmed on my main.

And don't get me started on the whole argument of "I don't like PvP, but I wanna gear up quickly." Like, seriously? If you don't enjoy PvP, then why are you complaining about having to do it for gear? There were plenty of ways to gear up through PvE. But no, Blizzard had to listen to these whiners and take away our choice to gear up through PvP. Now we're all forced to PvE, even if we hate it.

It's just not fair, man. Blizzard said they removed the ability to farm gear quickly through PvP because they didn't want PvE players feeling obligated to PvP. Well, newsflash, PvPers are now being forced to PvE for gear even if they despise it. How is that any different? It's straight-up hypocrisy, I tell ya.

If Blizzard would just bring back a reliable way to gear up alts through PvP like we could in Warlords of Draenor, I guarantee you I'd be playing all of my alts way more. It would keep me subscribed for longer too. But nah, they won't do that. They'd rather cater to the PvE crowd and leave us PvP enthusiasts in the dust.

I miss the good old days when gearing up through PvP was a viable option. It gave us a sense of accomplishment and progression. Now it's just a slog through dungeons and raids, which frankly, I'm sick of. So Blizzard, if you're listening, please, bring back the glory days of PvP gearing. Give us that choice again. We deserve it.
------
Alright, so let me give you a piece of my mind about this whole military branch rivalry nonsense. I mean, seriously, what is with all this talking shit? It's like everyone has this constant need to prove that their branch is better than the rest. But let me tell you something, my friends, it's all just a bunch of hot air.

I've got buddies in different branches, and boy, do they love to talk crap. And you know what? I give it right back to them. It's all in good fun, you know? But there's a line that people seem to cross when they start talking about things they've never even experienced. That's just plain ignorance.

Now, I'm not saying I've had the worst experience ever. I've had my fair share of misery and woe, like being stuck in those damn tracks. But hey, I'll admit it, I've never been shot at or blown up. So when my salty friends start telling me how much worse it could be, regardless of their branch or MOS, I gotta give them some respect. They've been through some real shit.

Now, let's talk about being stationed in Hawaii. Now, you might be thinking, "Oh my god, Hawaii! That must be amazing!" Well, let me burst your bubble, my friend. Stationed in Hawaii sucks big time. Yeah, I said it.

First off, you're stuck on this damn island like a prisoner. No leaving without some special request that's probably gonna get denied anyway. And the cherry on top? Some higher-ups decide whether you deserve a little break or not. Talk about arbitrary bullshit.

And let's not forget about our lovely operational tempo. Twelve whole months in garrison, six months deployed, rinse and repeat. It's like a never-ending cycle of sheer joy and excitement. Not. And don't even get me started on the lack of time for advanced schools. Our Marines barely have a chance to become better at their jobs and grow as leaders. It's just one big clusterfuck.

Now, picture this: it's Christmas time, a time to be with family and loved ones, right? Well, not for us poor souls stationed in Hawaii. If Christmas happens to fall during our pre- or post-deployment, guess what? We ain't seeing home for a whole eleven months. And when we do get that precious leave, we gotta cough up a boatload of cash just to get back to the east coast. Thanks for nothing, Uncle Sam.

And let's talk about training, shall we? You'd think being stationed in paradise would mean some badass training opportunities. Nope, not for us. Instead, we get stuck doing pointless busy work that benefits no one but the new LTs who need to learn how to be grunts. Real productive, right?

Oh, and remember how I mentioned deployments? Yeah, we get to go to Okinawa and the surrounding areas to train some more. Because apparently, training all year round on the island just ain't enough. So we spend half the damn year in another country, coming back to a nice boot drop and starting the whole miserable process again. It's like we're training to train. Makes so much sense, right?

And just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, you've got those idiots in every unit who can't keep their shit together. Getting into fights with the locals who already hate us or driving drunk like complete morons. And guess what? The whole damn company gets punished for their stupidity. So much for whatever tiny bit of freedom we had left.

And let's not forget about the cost of living. A gallon of milk costs an arm and a leg. Seriously, who can afford that? Not me, that's for damn sure. So forget about getting away for the weekend and escaping the madness. You're stuck on this tiny, overcrowded island with no way out.

So yeah, maybe I sound bitter. Maybe I sound pissed off. But you know what? It's because I am. Living in Hawaii as a Marine just sucks. And when your enlistment is up, you're left feeling burnt out and empty-handed. So excuse me if I talk a little crap about this place. It's not personal, it's just the truth.

In conclusion, let's all take a step back and realize that talking shit about each other's branches is just a waste of time. We're all in this together, whether we like it or not. So let's show a little respect and maybe, just maybe, we can stop this endless cycle of bickering and come together as one united force. And hey, who knows, maybe one day we'll all get stationed somewhere that doesn't completely suck.
------
Hey, so I stumbled upon this subreddit and thought I'd throw my two cents in. I gotta say, reading through some of the posts here, it seems like a lot of you are pretty gung-ho about this whole atheism thing. Well, good for you, but I just can't jump on that bandwagon.

Let me give you a little background on myself. I was raised Catholic, but let me tell you, I never had faith. From a young age, I just couldn't buy into all that religious stuff. And you know what? I was okay with that for the most part. But here's the thing - I don't want to label myself as an atheist. Why? Because I think it's downright arrogant to ignore all the knowledge that religion has brought to the table.

Look, I get it. Science is cool and all, but it's only been around for a couple of centuries. Meanwhile, religion has been a part of humanity for millennia. So who's to say that science has all the answers? I certainly don't buy into that. I believe that religious and mystical knowledge is just as valid as scientific knowledge when it comes to understanding reality.

Now, granted, it took me a while to come to this conclusion. I'm a skeptical person by nature, so I questioned everything. And after much contemplation, I've come to the realization that living without religion is limiting in itself. Science can't explain everything, and it never will, especially not in my lifetime. So why not embrace the spiritual side of things?

But here's the kicker - despite all of this, I just can't bring myself to believe in any specific religion. Trust me, I've tried. I've read about different faiths, talked to people from various belief systems, and even had some pretty moving experiences. But at the end of the day, my brain just won't let me fully commit. I question everything, and even when something resonates with me, my skeptical brain comes up with alternative explanations.

I mean, I've cried listening to stories of people being possessed by spiritual entities. The Quran has given me chills, and meditation in a Buddhist temple has made me feel amazing. But even with all that, I still can't believe. It's frustrating, to be honest. I envy those of you who can have faith so easily.

So here's my question for you guys: do you think being atheist is a choice? Were you always inclined to not believe? Have any of you tried to be religious or develop faith? 'Cause let me tell you, I've tried. I've put in the effort, but it just doesn't seem to work for me. Atheism feels more like a default setting for me rather than a conscious choice.

I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm not okay with being an atheist for the same reasons many of you are. I see the value in religion, in spirituality, but I just can't seem to find that spark of faith within myself. So, is there anyone else out there who feels the same way? Is there anyone else who's struggling with this whole atheism thing? Let me know your thoughts.
------
Alright, let me break this down for you. The downfall of the Stark family can be traced back to the actions of those pesky twins, and to top it all off, Ned Stark gets his head chopped off by Cersei's son. Talk about a messed up family situation. Arya had to witness both her father's execution and the infamous Red Wedding, and if you ask me, Ned's character perfectly aligns with the father figure in the faith of the seven, who is all about justice and divine justice, mind you.

But here's where things get really interesting. If you take a closer look at who takes revenge on those who betrayed Ned (and trust me, the books even predict Sansa killing Littlefinger), you'll see that it's his own children. Yeah, you heard that right. Jon, Arya, and the gang are out there, slaying their enemies left and right. First, they take care of Janos, then Littlefinger, and eventually, they'll get to Cersei. It's like poetic justice or something.

Now, let's talk about GRRM, the mastermind behind all this madness. He has openly admitted that Lord of the Rings is a huge inspiration for his series. And what's a fantasy story without a heroic figure resembling Aragorn? Enter Jon Snow. This guy is practically a reincarnation of Aragorn himself. But wait, there's more! Remember that awesome broken sword, Narsil, from LOTR? Well, GRRM took that concept and has given it a little twist. Ice, the Stark family sword, is going to be reforged into a badass weapon called Lightbringer. Oh, and don't worry, I've got quotes from the books to back it up if you want 'em.

In Tolkien's letters, he explained that when Narsil was reforged, it represented the return of the king and the restoration of the line of Gondor. Similarly, Ice was shattered right around the time of the Red Wedding (in the books, it happens right before, but in the show, it's right after). And you know what that means? The Starks were assumed to be dead, except for Sansa, who was playing house with the Lannisters, but that's besides the point.

Now, let's fast forward to the moment Arya goes all stabby-stabby on Cersei. The second forging of Lightbringer requires a lion's heart. Guess what? Arya's got that covered. She's gonna give Cersei the gift of mercy with Widow's Wail, which, just FYI, hasn't even been given to Jaime in the books yet. How cool is that? Once that's done, Arya is gonna take all those weirdly named swords (Widow's Wail, Oathkeeper, and whatever else they've got lying around) and fuse them back together into one epic greatsword. It's like she's "stitching" the blades back together, you know? And trust me, there's evidence to back this up. Take a look at the very first chapter of the very first book, where Arya's stitches are described as crooked. It's like foreshadowing or something.

So, if you're curious to dive deeper into this mind-blowing theory, I've got a link for you. It's gonna answer all your burning questions, like why on earth would you reforge two perfectly good swords into one? It's all there, my friend. Just click on the link and prepare to have your mind blown. You're welcome!

Here's the link: [insert URL here]

Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to go and catch up on the latest Game of Thrones episode. Winter is coming, and I can't afford to miss a single moment of this epicness. Stay awesome, fellow Redditors!
------
Okay, hold up! I was just casually scrolling through this subreddit when I stumbled upon this post and I have to say, it's got me scratching my head. Like, seriously, what are you even trying to say here?

First off, you start by talking about training an ML algorithm and how someone had to tune it using scripts and stuff. Yeah, no duh! Of course, someone has to tell the algorithm what to do. That's kind of the whole point! But then you go on to say that if someone tells the algorithm to run a specific type of model with specific parameters, it's still considered ML. Um, yeah, no sh*t Sherlock! That's like the most basic definition of machine learning!

And then you talk about decisions. Like, what decisions are you even referring to? The only time the word "decision" is even mentioned is when you bring up this "decision based model". I'm just as confused as you are, buddy! What decision are we talking about here?

You start going on about how they used thousands of images classified by humans and created a decision table from sensor information. Okay, cool. But did a team of humans manually correlate those features or did they use an ML algorithm to learn them? Who knows? The article doesn't give us any specifics! It's frustrating, I know!

Then you bring up this idea of a computer reading popularity of different images and classifying what makes an image desirable. You're throwing around terms like "classify" and "desirable" but not really making any sense. Classifying an image as desirable could be done with various algorithms, but figuring out why it's desirable is a whole different ball game. It's an open research problem, dude! So, please, enlighten us! How the heck is it done?

Look, here's the deal. ML is all about how the model is learned. If a computer/machine learned it, then it's ML. Simple as that! Whether it's coded or automated doesn't matter. It's all about the methodology used to find the model. So, without the methodology, we can't determine if this particular example is ML or not.

In conclusion, it seems like you're just as confused as the rest of us. You're throwing around terms and ideas without really making any sense. So, next time you want to make a post, how about you actually explain things clearly and give us some solid information? We're all here to learn, right? Let's keep it real and avoid all this confusion. Thanks!
------
Alright, strap in folks, because I have some thoughts on this new card that are going to blow your mind. Brace yourselves, because I'm about to drop some serious knowledge bombs.

First of all, let's talk about the impact that this card is going to have on the game of Magic as a whole. It's a game-changer, people. This card has the potential to fundamentally shift the way we evaluate new cards and assess threats. No longer can we simply dismiss a creature by saying "dies to Doom Blade" or "dies to Lightning Bolt." Nope, now we have to take into account the fact that any creature, regardless of type, can be turned into a basic land with this bad boy.

I mean, seriously, think about it. This card doesn't discriminate. It doesn't care if you're a creature, an artifact, or an enchantment. If you're destructible and targetable, you're toast. It's like the Magic equivalent of a wrecking ball. And that's a game-changer, my friends.

So, what does this mean for us going forward? Well, it means we have to completely redefine our card evaluations. We can't just rely on the old standards anymore. We have to think outside the box, people. We have to consider the possibility that any card, no matter how powerful or resilient it may seem, could potentially be taken out by this new removal spell.

Now, I know what you're thinking. "But wait, won't this make the game less interesting? Won't it make every threat seem less threatening?" And to that, my friends, I say, hell no! Sure, it might level the playing field a bit, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. It means we have to be more strategic, more thoughtful in our deck-building and gameplay. It adds a whole new layer of complexity to the game, and I, for one, am here for it.

But hey, don't just take my word for it. Take a look at what /u/muzzynat said in the comments below. That guy gets it. He understands the implications of this card. So, before you dismiss my opinion, take a moment to really think about it.

And hey, if you want to engage in some friendly debate or have a spirited discussion about this topic, hit me up with a PM. I'm always down to duke it out with wit and words. But if you're just gonna call me an idiot and tell me I'm wrong, then go ahead and make a comment on this thread. Just know that you'll be contributing little to the actual conversation, and I'll probably just ignore you.

Alright, that's enough serious talk for now. Let's get back to what we do best: memeing and shitposting. Because let's face it, that's what this subreddit is really all about, right? So, bring on the spicy memes, people! Let's keep this party going!

Oh, and by the way, shoutout to automod for trying to shut down my thread with an Assassin's Trophy. Nice try, but I came prepared with my Wizard's Retort. Next turn, baby!

Alright, that's all I got for now. Keep on scrolling, fellow Redditors. And remember, it's just a game, so let's have some fun with it. Peace out!
------
Alright, let's break it down. You seem to be under the impression that the fine-tuning argument is inaccurate and unsupported. Well, guess what? Your characterization of the argument is just as inaccurate.

You want me to explain where the inaccuracy lies? Fine. Here's the thing, the fine-tuning argument does assert that the universe is "tuned" because there are certain physical constants and conditions that, if they were even slightly different, would make life as we know it impossible. It's like walking a tightrope - any slight deviation, and we wouldn't exist. So yeah, it is a bold assertion, but it's based on scientific evidence and reasoning.

But oh no, you want me to support my claim. Well, let me tell you, the reasons for the fine-tuning argument have been extensively studied and documented by physicists and cosmologists. They have calculated the precise values that these physical constants need to have in order for life to exist. It's not some random claim pulled out of thin air. So if you want to challenge it, go ahead and do your research.

And while we're at it, you seem to have a problem with the "whole swath of assumptions about causality." Let me ask you this, when it comes to a God or any other higher power creating the universe, do you really think they're bound by the same rules of causality as us humans? They're on a different level altogether. So yeah, our human concepts of causality might not apply here.

You want to talk about pre-existing material? Well, that's where the concept of "creatio ex nihilo" comes in. It's the idea that God created the universe out of nothing. It's a bold assertion, yes, but hey, we're talking about a creator who is not bound by our laws of physics. So, yeah, it might seem like special pleading, but that's the best explanation we've got so far.

And as for your demand to demonstrate evidence directly for fine-tuning, let's turn the tables. Show me an example of a universe that wasn't fine-tuned. Oh wait, you can't! Because we only have this one universe to work with. We can't go around creating multiple universes in a lab to test different scenarios. So how do you expect anyone to provide direct evidence for fine-tuning? It's a question that we may never fully answer, but it doesn't mean we can't explore the possibility.

Now, let's talk about your accusation of appeal to personal incredulity. Look, it's pretty obvious that I find your arguments lacking, but that doesn't mean I'm using personal incredulity as a fallacy. I mean, come on, your arguments don't hold up. It's not a fallacy when it's simply stating the facts.

And speaking of fallacies, you accuse the fine-tuning argument of committing the fallacy of an "argument from ignorance." But here's the thing, you haven't presented any evidence or investigation of your own to counter the fine-tuning argument. All you've done is make claims and demands without actually providing anything substantial. So who's guilty of the fallacy now?

And finally, you claim that the assertion "we have no examples of someone tuning a universe" is question begging. But let me ask you, have you ever seen a universe being created or fine-tuned? No? I didn't think so. So how can you argue against something when you have no examples to support your claims? It's not question begging, it's pointing out the lack of evidence for your side of the argument.

So, my friend, before you go around dismissing the fine-tuning argument and throwing accusations of fallacies, maybe take a step back and actually look at the evidence and reasoning behind it. It's not a perfect argument, but it certainly deserves more than just dismissive remarks.
------
So, let me tell you about my experience as a technical recruiter at a staffing firm. I used to receive job requisitions from big tech companies, and it was my responsibility to find suitable candidates for these positions. Sounds pretty straightforward, right? Well, hold on, because things are about to take a turn.

As a recruiter, my job was to scour job boards like indeed and monster, looking for resumes that matched the requirements of the job. Once I found potential candidates, I would then contact them through phone calls and emails, trying to convince them to apply for the position through our staffing firm. Now, this is where it gets interesting.

You see, if one of the recruits actually got hired, their salary would come through the staffing firm, not the company they were working for. And here's the kicker: the salary offered through the staffing firm was always lower than what the company would pay if the candidate worked directly for them. They had what they called pay rates and base rates. The pay rate was the amount listed on the job requisition form, which is what the company would ideally pay the recruit. But the base rate, the rate that the recruiter would tell you, was always lower.

Why, you ask? Well, that's because staffing firms have other fees and costs they need to cover. So, recruiters are actually encouraged by their companies to get people into jobs at the lowest possible rate. And to add insult to injury, they never disclose the actual pay rate to the recruit. Why? Because the staffing firm and the recruiter pocket the difference between the pay rate and the base rate. Talk about taking advantage, right?

But let me share with you the incident that made me throw in the towel. One of my co-workers managed to recruit a veteran to a high-paying position with a pay rate of $65 an hour. Impressive, right? Well, brace yourself. This recruiter convinced the veteran to accept the job at a measly $25 an hour. That's a staggering difference of $40 per hour! So, for every hour this veteran worked, the staffing agency would earn roughly $30.

Now, you'd think that the recruiter would face some consequences for such a blatant act of exploitation, right? Wrong! Instead, my co-worker was celebrated as some kind of hero in the office. Can you believe it? It disgusted me to the core.

I'm sure there are staffing firms out there that promote more ethical practices, but let me tell you, there are also plenty like the one I described. So, my advice to you is this: if you ever find yourself being contacted by a recruiter, be extremely cautious. Don't fall for their sweet talk and promises of friendship. They don't care about you; they only care about making money off of you. So, if you do decide to take a job through a recruiter, push for a higher salary. And then push some more. These recruiters will try to lowball you, but don't let them. Stand up for yourself and your worth.

To sum it all up, when dealing with recruiters, proceed with extreme caution. They are masters of manipulation and will take advantage of you if given the chance. So, stay vigilant and don't let them exploit you.
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I see a lot of people out there bitching and moaning about cryptocurrency like they know it all. But let me tell you something, those people are completely missing the point. Yeah, it's a complex technology that's still evolving, but that doesn't mean it's fundamentally flawed or a dumb idea.

First off, let's talk about those crypto hacks that everyone loves to bring up as a reason why cryptocurrency sucks. Newsflash, it's not the fault of Bitcoin or Ethereum or any other crypto out there. It's the fault of those shady exchanges and companies who couldn't handle their security for shit. People leaving their crypto on these exchange-hosted wallets instead of cold storage? Yeah, that's just asking for trouble. But guess what? It's because there aren't enough secure and convenient ways to store your crypto yet. Once we figure that shit out, these hacks won't be such a big deal anymore.

Oh, and don't even get me started on the whole "crypto has no inherent value" argument. Tell that to your electricity provider when you use all that power to mine crypto. They'll be demanding payment real quick. The value of crypto is based on the cost of mining, which is basically just running the system. Yeah, there are issues with energy consumption and efficiency right now, but come on, it's an emerging technology. We'll find better ways to do it, and it'll become more efficient over time.

Now, a lot of people make the mistake of comparing crypto to money. But they couldn't be more wrong. Crypto is like programming, while money is like math. Sure, math is great and all, but programming takes it to a whole new level. It's like math on steroids. It can do so many things that math can't even touch.

I don't know why I'm even bothering to write all this out, but I guess I just felt the need to give you a different perspective on the matter. Look, I'm not saying crypto is perfect or that it doesn't have its issues. It does. But the potential it holds is huge, and we're just scratching the surface here. So instead of bashing it and calling people idiots for advocating for it, maybe try to understand the bigger picture.

Oh, and by the way, just a little side note for you grammar police out there. When you say something is "riddled with," it means there's a shitload of it. I'm guessing that's not what you meant in your post, so maybe pick a different word next time. Just trying to help you out, my friend.

Anyway, that's my two cents on the matter. Take it or leave it. But please, for the love of all that is holy, stop spreading misinformation and trying to bring down an emerging technology that has the potential to change the world. It's just plain ignorant.
------
Alright, buckle up, because I've got some real thoughts about this whole Jon situation. Honestly, I can't help but feel sorry for the guy. It's like looking in a mirror and seeing my own mom, who battled with drugs until it eventually took her away from us a few years back. And let me tell you, seeing Jon go on these never-ending rants just hits me right in the gut.

It's not hard to see that Jones has a substance abuse problem. But what really grinds my gears is his complete and utter narcissism. Sound familiar? Yeah, my mom had that same issue. She couldn't take responsibility for the destruction she caused in people's lives. It was always someone else's fault, never hers. She'd offer up some half-assed apologies, but deep down, she didn't believe she did anything wrong. It was like getting a parking ticket or something, no big deal.

I may not know Jon personally, but with addiction in the picture, you start noticing all the signs. Addicts think they're so clever, like they're the first ones to lie and make excuses. But guess what? They're all cut from the same cloth. The rationalization never ends.

And then there's the narcissism. It's like a vicious cycle, man. It feeds into itself, just like a snake devouring its own tail. My mom had this misplaced resentment towards people who had more money than her, as if that was the root of all her problems. And for Jon, it seems like it's Daniel or whoever represents what he's been faking all these years. But hey, I'm no psychologist, just speculating here.

Listen, Jon is an incredible talent. He's got everything that so many of us dream of having. But here's the catch: he can't get out of his own damn way. It's like we're missing out on years of witnessing his greatness in the octagon, but for him, it's so much more than that. If he doesn't get truly healthy, this shit will destroy him and everyone close to him.

I'm not interested in seeing Jon back in that octagon unless he's genuinely well. Trust me, I speak from experience. I found the lifeless body of someone who couldn't break free from their demons. The pain is unimaginable, and even years later, it still haunts me daily. You can't serve two masters, my friend. You can't train for a fight and expect to find true healing in your mind and soul all at once.

What I want is for Jon to have a long, meaningful life with the people he loves. I'd rather watch him focus on climbing out of this abyss than throw himself deeper into it. It's not about the fights anymore. It's about surviving and finding peace. So Jon, if you ever stumble upon this post, please, for the love of everything good in this world, take care of yourself. We're rooting for you, man.
------
Hey guys, let me tell you about this epic prank gone wrong that we pulled at my house when my parents were out of town. So, they specifically told my brother and me not to invite our friends over because apparently, we always end up causing trouble when we hang out. But come on, we're good boys, so we promised them we wouldn't do anything crazy. Well, guess what? They had no idea what went down while they were sipping their fancy drinks in Bora Bora.

A few days into their vacation, it suddenly hit me - my friends could totally come over, and my parents would be none the wiser. So, with my brother at work, I texted my buddies and asked them to swing by the house to wait for him. We decided to finish watching "The Dark Knight" while we waited, 'cause why the hell not?

But here's where things took a turn for the worse. My brother ended up getting stuck at work for longer than expected, and boredom got the best of us. We wanted to prank him when he finally arrived. One of my friends suggested moving everything in his room two inches to the left. Lame, right? So, I had a brilliant idea (or so I thought) - let's flip everything in the entire house and make it look like it got broken into. We were geniuses!

We started turning over couches, beds, chairs - you name it. The place looked like a tornado swept through, and we even smashed some light bulbs on the ground for that extra touch. Oh, and we took all the valuable stuff and stashed it in my truck, driving it around the block to make it seem legit. Seriously, if there was an award for making a house look broken into, we would have won it.

To complete the illusion, I opened the garage halfway to make it seem like someone had forced their way in. The house was pitch black, and I whipped out a super bright flashlight for dramatic effect. Now, here's where things went completely off the rails.

I called my brother, pretending I was staying with some family friends that night, so he'd have to handle the situation alone. My plan was to shine the flashlight in his face when he opened the door, scare the crap out of him, and then reveal it was just a prank. Simple, right? Wrong.

When my brother arrived home, he called me freaking out about the open garage door. I played dumb, telling him to just shut it when he got inside. Little did I know, he was spooked by the dark house and hesitated to go in. Then, like a total idiot, I accidentally turned on the flashlight, and he saw it. Panic ensued.

My brother immediately called the police, thinking our house was being robbed. I tried telling him it was just a prank, but he had already made the call. I desperately pleaded for him to un-call them, but it was too late. The blue and red lights started flashing in front of our driveway, and the cops stormed up to the door, banging on it like maniacs.

They ordered us out with our hands up, guns pointed at us, and demanded we get on our knees in the front yard. Let me tell you, I've never been so scared in my life. These cops were dead serious, threatening to shoot us if we made any sudden moves. I was trembling uncontrollably, fearing that they'd mistake it for me trying to escape their line of fire.

I mustered up the courage to explain it was all just a prank, but one of the officers yelled back, "I don't give a fuck!" They grilled us for what felt like forever, while the other cop searched the house. Thank goodness our neighbor came out and defended us, screaming that we were good kids. It bought us some time, but the cops made it clear they never wanted to set foot in our house again.

After that whole ordeal, we thanked our heroic neighbor and pretended to go back to sleep. But let me tell you, we spent the night questioning every life decision we had ever made. We were officially crowned the stupidest fucking kids alive. Trust me, pulling that prank was one of the dumbest things I've ever done.

So, for all you guys out there looking for a laugh, please learn from my mistake and think twice before attempting something as idiotic as this. Pranks are cool and all, but not when they involve armed police officers and potential bullets flying around. Stay safe, stay smart, and don't be like me. Peace out, Reddit!
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I switched from that overhyped piece of fruit, the iPhone X, to the almighty Samsung Galaxy Note 9. And let me tell you, it's been one of the best tech decisions I've made in a while. Now, before you start with your "Apple is superior" nonsense, hear me out.

When I was thinking about making the switch, I didn't find much information out there about people swapping from the iPhone X to the Note 9. So, here I am, sharing my experience with all you folks on the internet who might be considering the same move. You're welcome.

Let's start with the charger situation. Apple loves to nickel and dime their customers, and they did the same to me with their pathetic excuse of a charger. My iPhone X charger frayed not once, but twice within four months. Can you believe that? So, I thought to myself, why not invest in some fast charging technology? But no, Apple couldn't even include a cable for fast charging with their thousand-dollar phone. Like, seriously? I had to buy a new wall plug and cable separately. What a joke.

But that's just the tip of the iceberg. One morning, I woke up to find my iPhone X battery at a pathetic 13%. And guess what? It died within an hour of being plugged in. Are you kidding me? Why can't I see the battery percentage whenever I want? This greedy company just keeps holding back basic features from us. That's when I had enough. I stormed into Best Buy and walked out with a brand spanking new Note 9.

Now, let's get to the real review. iMessage? Yeah, I thought I'd miss it too. But honestly, it's nothing more than a superficial feature. Chat bubbles with different colors? Who cares? I found an app called Glimpse Notifications that lights up my lock screen when I receive a text. Problem solved. Take that, Apple!

Sure, I'll admit that the iPhone X performs slightly better than the Note 9. Maybe I haven't tapped into the full potential of the Note 9 yet, but who cares about a little delay or lack of "smoothness"? The Note 9 has so many other amazing features that more than make up for it.

Here's the thing - my Note 9 battery actually lasts. I set it up to turn off Wi-Fi when I leave home and turn it back on when I get to work. And guess what? My battery only dropped to 94% after hours of texting and scrolling through social media. Plus, the S Pen is a game-changer. I just whipped it out and effortlessly wrote a grocery list without having to mess around with pre-formatted notes. And, hey, I can even overlay apps and use Discord while playing Pokmon Go. No need to keep switching between apps anymore. It's like having the best of both worlds right at my fingertips.

Oh, and did I mention that I can text my girlfriend from my Windows computer at work? Yeah, that's right. No need to pick up my phone to discuss dinner plans. It's fast, convenient, and handy as hell. Apple, take notes!

So, to wrap it up, the Note 9 is hands down the best phone I've ever owned. It's a breath of fresh air compared to the iPhone X and its restricted ecosystem. And coming from a die-hard Apple fanboy, that says a lot. If you ever find yourself questioning Apple's choices and wanting to break free, the Note 9 is the phone to do it on. Trust me, I made the leap, and you can too.
------
Hey, so I stumbled upon this post and I gotta say, some of your points are really off the mark. You're talking about subjugation of women in Christian culture as if it's still a thing, but come on, it's 2021! Women have made so much progress and have equal rights to men nowadays. Sure, in the past there may have been some aspects of Christianity that supported male authority, but that doesn't mean it's still relevant today. And let's not forget that Christianity teaches love and equality, so it's not fair to generalize and make sweeping statements like that.

Now, let's talk about divorce. You say you don't understand why no-fault divorce is bad. Well, let me break it down for you. Marriage is supposed to be a lifelong commitment, a bond between two individuals who truly love and cherish each other. But when you have a system that allows for easy divorces without any fault or conflict, it cheapens the whole concept of marriage. It turns it into a disposable contract rather than a sacred union. That's why traditionalists argue against no-fault divorce, because they believe it erodes the sanctity of marriage and leads to all sorts of societal problems.

Moving on to your point about concubines in the Bible, you seem to be misunderstanding the context here. The Old Testament is full of stories that serve as cautionary tales, showing us what not to do. Just because something is mentioned in the Bible doesn't mean it's condoned or supported. As for Abraham's concubine, Hagar, it's not hypocritical at all. It was a different time with different cultural norms. The Bible isn't promoting concubinage; rather, it's presenting the realities of the world and how people fell short of God's ideals.

Ah, and then you bring up Roman marriage. Yes, the Romans had their own ideas about marriage, but let's not romanticize it too much. Their society was far from ideal, with polygamy and all sorts of debauchery. Christianity actually bro
------
Alright Reddit, let me just lay it out for you. If you're one of those people who actually thinks you're going to have access to multiple guns, then it only makes sense to optimize them for different purposes. I mean, come on, how can you expect to survive if you don't have a team to back you up when you're facing someone with body armor? Your chances of survival are close to zero, even if you have military grade AP ammo. These guys could be a group of mysterious individuals with unpredictable intentions, and without a team and a solid perimeter, you're screwed.

Now, even with a team, you're still at a disadvantage. Your position is static, while the enemy can move around undetected until they're right on top of you. It's like trying to catch a ninja in the dark - good luck with that. And let's talk about body armor for a second. People seem to think that penetrating AR500 steel plates is the ultimate goal, but that's not necessarily true. Those plates are often curved and designed to deflect 5.56 steel tips, so good luck getting through them unless you're using large caliber AP ammo.

But here's the thing, the real damage comes from the fragmentation when the round splatters against the target. The "spall liner" might be able to stop a couple of rounds, but it won't last long before it gets torn apart by rifle fragments. Even a Level IIIA vest with plate inserts won't stand a chance against rifle fragments because, guess what, that's Kevlar's primary weakness - fiber shearing from sharp edges. So, what's the solution?

You want a round that will throw faster, larger chunks at their jaw and neck. Trust me, that's where the real damage is done. And you also want a larger round that will easily frag any items they might be carrying on their armor, like magazines and whatnot. That's where the AR-10 comes in handy. The .308 round packs a punch and performs better through intermediate barriers, especially with standard ball ammo. Plus, it's a beast when it comes to armor-piercing rounds. So, if you're up against ceramic, you definitely want to go for the AR-10.

Now, let's talk about stockpiling. Sure, the M193 round may not have the same penetration power as the M855, but it has other advantages. It yaws more readily, making it more effective against unarmored targets and medium game. And guess what? It frags just as well, if not better, than the M855 against plate. So, it's a win-win situation. You get a round that's useful against both armored and unarmored targets. Can't go wrong with that, right?

And let's not forget about PCCs. Yeah, they might work for home defense purposes, but they just don't scale well when it comes to defense in this kind of situation. You can't always determine the range or whether your target has armor. And believe me, both soft armor and hard armor can absorb a decent amount of 9mm, even with a 16" barrel. So, if you're going up against a combination of the two, your 9mm PCC is basically useless.

This is precisely why PCCs and SMGs have fallen out of favor compared to intermediate carbines. They simply don't cut it in these scenarios. And let's be real here, you're probably not going to have equal access to all these different guns anyway. In all likelihood, you'll have to choose one or the other for general carry. And when it comes down to it, most people would choose the AR-15 because it offers a more versatile and generally useful round.

But hey, you do you and I'll do me. At the end of the day, it's all about personal preference and individual circumstances. So, if you want to argue that your way is the best way, go ahead. But I've presented my case, and I think it's pretty damn solid. So, take it or leave it.
------
Hey everyone, just stumbled upon this thread and thought I'd throw in my two cents. First off, I gotta say, some of the stuff you guys are saying is just downright absurd. I mean, seriously? Social validity over truth? Give me a break.

Look, I totally get that social sciences have their place and all, but let's not get carried away here. Just because something is socially accepted or valued doesn't automatically make it true or valid. I mean, come on, if we start believing that rubbing blue mud on our bellies will give us magical powers, then we might as well start thinking that unicorns are real too.

And don't even get me started on those religious beliefs. I respect people's right to have faith and all, but let's be real for a minute. Just because a piece of bread is handed out in a church and someone claims it magically turns into aged meat, doesn't mean it's actually happening. It's just a belief, folks. And beliefs can be flat-out wrong.

Now, I'm not trying to sound like some high and mighty intellectual here. Trust me, I'm far from it. But I can't help but shake my head at the idea that social validity somehow trumps truth. I know we all see the world in different ways, but let's not abandon common sense in the process.

Oh, and by the way, I did a little digging and couldn't find any mention of this Jared Diamond guy in the anthropology field. So forgive me if I'm not exactly convinced by his supposed expertise. Sure, he may have some interesting insights, but let's not act like he's the be-all and end-all of anthropology.

Look, I'm not trying to start a fight here, but I just can't wrap my head around this whole social validity thing. I believe in evidence, in facts, in actually understanding the world around us. And if that makes me a skeptic or a buzzkill, then so be it.

Anyway, I'll leave it at that. Feel free to tear apart my arguments if you want, but know that I stand by what I said. Let's not let social validity cloud our judgment and prevent us from seeking the truth. Peace out.
------
Yo, what's up my fellow peeps? Just wanted to drop a quick post here about that blonde Archbishop chick, you know, the one they call Laura Stuart but her real name is Lola. Can someone please explain why they gotta confuse us like that? Like, pick a damn name and stick with it!

Anyway, let's talk about Lola's hair. Damn girl, it's long as hell! It folds twice, once near her feet and again near the top of her head, making it like 2.5 times her height. How the hell does she even manage that? I can barely keep my hair from tangling when it reaches my shoulders!

So apparently, Lola is the big boss of the Necessarius gang, which is like some part of the Anglican Church called the "0th parish." But get this, even though technically the King or Queen of England is the highest ranking official in the church, it's actually Lola who holds all the power. Seriously, why bother having a monarch if they ain't gonna do anything? But hey, at least the Queen still holds some control, just not over the damn church.

You know where all this craziness goes down? London, baby! Not Japan like the rest of the series. Gotta love that change of scenery once in a while, you know? Makes things a bit more interesting.

Now, let's talk about Lola's speech. Apparently, she's all about that old school Japanese. She learned it from reading ancient books and stuff. She even asked Tsuchimikado if she was speaking Japanese normally, but that sneaky bastard trolled her and lied. Classic!

Oh, and guess what? The author of the Book of the Law is named Edward Alexander. At least that's what the LN says, the anime doesn't really mention it. But get this, one of his names was Crowley! Yeah, the same Crowley that comes up so often in Index. Crazy, right?

So here's the thing. Stiyl and Lola, being good ol' British folks, decided to speak Japanese in the middle of London so nobody could understand them. But then Stiyl had to go and ruin it by pointing out that they were walking by a Japanese restaurant. Smooth move, buddy. So Lola had to whip out some "telepathic" magic to keep their convo private. Gotta give her props for that.

Oh, and did I mention the huge church they end up in front of? It's Saint George's Cathedral. Pretty badass if you ask me. I wouldn't mind going to church if it looked like that.

Now, on to Maika. This girl must have some kind of superpower because she's immune to dizziness. I mean, seriously, how does she do it? Maybe being a level 0 esper has its perks after all.

And can we talk about how cool Touma is? Dude lost his memories but he still knows all these little details about stuff like the Daihaseisai and Ichihanaransai. I know it annoys some people, but I eat up that kind of exposition. It's like he's giving us a behind-the-scenes tour of the series. Love it!

Then there's this nun named Orsola. Let me tell you, she's a total airhead. But hey, at least she's cute. That counts for something, right?

And speaking of cute, can we talk about Agnese? This girl is only like 12 or 13 but she's super sensitive about her height. So she wears these ridiculous sandals with gigantic soles called chopines. I swear, fashion these days is just getting weirder and weirder.

Oh, and let's not forget the history lesson Stiyl gives us about Edward Alexander/Crowley. This dude was a real scumbag. He used his wife as a medium to contact some guardian angel, didn't even care when his daughter died, and even sacrificed a bunch of young girls for his experiments. But hey, at least he made some contributions to the field of magical rituals. Can't deny him that, I guess.

Alright, before I wrap this up, can we just acknowledge the fact that Touma really knows how to freak out Stiyl? The dude has good taste, I'll give him that. Saint Martha is a babe!

And last but definitely not least, Itsuwa makes an appearance! Whoop whoop! Wasn't expecting to see her in this arc, but I'm not complaining. She's a cutie too.

Alright, I'm gonna end it here before I ramble on even more. Sorry for the long-ass post, but I had a lot to say. Can't wait for the next episode!

Peace out!
------
Alright, hold up a second. I just stumbled upon this thread and I can't help but roll my eyes at some of the things being said here. I mean, come on guys, let's get real. 

First of all, we're omitting that these Let's Go titles are oriented towards existing Go players? Seriously? We all know that the target audience here is people who either don't play Pokemon at all or haven't touched it in years but are addicted to Pokemon Go. But guess what? This target audience doesn't have a clue about this so-called Manaphy event. The original poster's post is clearly aimed at people who do know what that event is and would be whining about Meltan.

And let's not forget that one of the selling points of Let's Go is gaining access to this new Pokemon. It was one of the first things they shoved in our faces when they were promoting this game. But what did they do? They hid that selling point behind Pokemon Go. Now, Manaphy, on the other hand, wasn't some big selling point for Diamond/Pearl. So, why the hell did they make it so difficult to get Meltan in Let's Go? 

And here's another bone to pick. Have y'all noticed that even Nintendo Switch Online voice chat service requires you to use a freaking smartphone app? Like seriously, Nintendo? Are you assuming that all Switch owners also own a damn smartphone? Well, guess what, they don't! This whole online service from Nintendo has been panned to hell and back, and rightly so. I've seen countless complaints about how the Switch itself should offer voice chat instead of relying on a stupid smartphone app. So, while Nintendo might think it's smart to market it like that, it's pretty clear that it's a market failure if you take a look at the like/dislike bar on their video about it.

Now, don't get me wrong. I'm sure a good chunk of Nintendo Switch owners do have smartphones. I mean, it's not rocket science to figure that out. But here's the thing, my dear friends. Just because a lot of people have smartphones doesn't automatically mean that they can all play Pokemon Go. Oh no, there's the little question of how many of those smartphones actually have a data plan that allows one to catch Pokemon in Go. But hey, let's just conveniently ignore all that for now, shall we?

And here comes the ultimate problem. You cannot, I repeat, CANNOT say with 100% certainty that an owner of Let's Go would have access to Pokemon Go, based on the data you yourself presented. Sure, most people will probably have access to Meltan when playing Let's Go. Most people will probably be able to jump into Pokemon Go alongside their Let's Go adventures. But you know what? That's most, not all. And let's go back to the original poster's point again. They can't really claim that it's "easier" to get Meltan in Let's Go when there's a situation where the player either doesn't have a smartphone or doesn't have a data plan that allows them to dive into Go. Because guess what? Meltan has a different accessibility than Manaphy. Manaphy is locked behind owning a different freaking game for the same system, while Meltan is locked behind owning a different game for a DIFFERENT system entirely. 

So, before we start throwing around assumptions and acting like we know it all, let's take a step back and realize that not everyone fits into these neat little categories. Not every Let's Go player has access to Pokemon Go, and that's just the damn reality of the situation. Got it? Good.
------
Hey, I was scrolling through this subreddit and saw your post. Gotta say, it's a pretty interesting question you've got there. So, you're wondering if it's possible for satellites to have a polar orbit at just the right distance from Earth to capture a half-Earth image, huh? Well, let me break it down for you.

First up, yes, it is definitely possible for satellites to have polar orbits. There are actually plenty of satellites out there cruising around in such orbits. But here's the thing, polar orbits aren't just designed for satellites that capture images of the polar regions. Take the Copernicus Sentinels, for example. They have near-polar orbits so they can cover Europe and its mid-latitudes really well.

Now, you mentioned the lack of a satellite with a polar orbit that gets the half-Earth image. Here's my take on that. See, most satellites in that kind of distance from Earth are those geostationary weather satellites. They need to stay put over their longitude so they can capture images of the same area every 15 minutes. If they were moving at the wrong speed or angle, it would take ages for them to get back into position. But here's the kicker, this geostationary stuff only works on an equatorial orbit. The satellite has to move at the same speed as the Earth's rotation to stay fixed, ya know?

So, imagine we plonk a satellite in a polar orbit at that distance from Earth. It's gonna take around a whole day for it to return to the pole it started at. Plus, we can only snap images of one pole at a time each half-year due to lighting conditions. Not exactly ideal, right?

Now, let's talk about satellite images, my friend. They're not just pretty pictures, oh no. Those remote sensing specialists, they extract a ton of data from 'em. Trust me, the list goes on and on. These satellites cost a fortune, but they produce invaluable data for our analyses. Now, imagine we got a super-expensive satellite up there with a crummy spatial resolution of 1km per pixel (because it's so far away) and it can only capture one image per day of the region we're interested in. Honestly, that's not gonna cut it, my dude. We've got satellites closer to Earth that take way better pictures. We just stitch 'em together to create larger images. So, while technically possible to have a satellite orbit like the one you're proposing, it's just not feasible for research purposes, ya feel me?

Now, when it comes to orbit stability, it's all about orbiting around the gravitational center of the Earth. The direction doesn't matter, and neither does the height of the orbit (within certain limits, of course). You might just need a bit more time to get that satellite into the desired orbit, but hey, anything's possible in that regard.

So, hope that clears things up for ya. Satellites and their orbits can be a real mind-boggler, but hey, that's what makes it all so fascinating, am I right? Keep the questions coming!
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I've got a heck of a tale to tell. So, picture this: I'm minding my own business, just casually scrolling through Reddit like the casual Redditor that I am, when I stumble upon this new thread. And let me tell you, it's like a gift from the gods, a golden opportunity for me to vent about my new roommate from hell. 

Let's call him Dave. Now, Dave might seem like an innocent enough name, but trust me when I say this guy is anything but innocent. From the moment he moved in, I knew we were in for trouble. There was just something off about him, you know? Like, he had this perpetual creepy smile plastered on his face that made my skin crawl.

But it wasn't just his eerie grin that bothered me. No, no, my friends, it was so much more than that. Dave had this uncanny ability to make even the most mundane conversations incredibly awkward. Like, he would always manage to turn a simple question like "How was your day?" into a full-blown existential crisis. I mean, who does that?

And don't even get me started on his annoying habits. For starters, the guy has this obsession with collecting weird and obscure things. And I'm not talking about quirky little trinkets here, oh no. I'm talking about things like jars filled with what I can only assume are toenail clippings or moldy sandwich wrappers from 2005. It's like living in a twisted episode of Hoarders.

But wait, there's more! Dave also has this infuriating habit of leaving his dirty laundry strewn all over the place. I swear, it's like stepping into a minefield every time I walk into our shared living room, trying not to slip on his crusty socks or trip over his unwashed boxers. It's disgusting, to say the least.

Oh, and did I mention his penchant for late-night shenanigans? Yeah, while the rest of us mere mortals are trying to catch some much-needed shut-eye, Dave decides it's the perfect time to test the limits of his decibel levels. I swear, it's like he's auditioning for a heavy metal band in his sleep. How someone can be so blissfully unaware of their own obnoxiousness is beyond me.

So here's the real kicker: moving is not an option. Trust me, if I had a dollar for every time someone suggested that brilliant idea, I'd be chilling on a tropical island by now. But alas, I'm stuck with Dave and his bizarre quirks until our lease is up.

So, dear fellow Redditors, I turn to you for help. How on earth do I survive living with this socially awkward, annoying, and downright creepy roomie? Any and all advice would be greatly appreciated, because let me tell you, I'm at my wit's end here.

First off, I've tried the direct approach. I've sat down with Dave and tried to have a heart-to-heart conversation about his behavior, hoping that a polite but firm talk would do the trick. Spoiler alert: it didn't. If anything, it only made things worse. I swear, the guy doubled down on his weirdness just to spite me.

Next, I attempted to resort to passive-aggressive tactics. You know, the good ol' post-it note strategy. I left friendly reminders around the house, kindly asking Dave to clean up after himself or to keep his late-night karaoke sessions to a minimum. But surprise, surprise, it didn't work either. It's like the guy is impervious to subtle hints or common decency.

At this point, I'm seriously considering investing in some noise-canceling headphones and a hazardous waste suit just to survive this living arrangement. But before I take such drastic measures, I'm willing to give this subreddit the benefit of the doubt. Maybe, just maybe, someone out there has been through a similar ordeal and can offer some sage advice.

So, to all you experienced Redditors out there, please, lend me your wisdom. How do I coexist with this socially inept, irritating, and utterly creepy roommate without losing my sanity? Help me, Reddit, you're my only hope.
------
Hey heroprincess, I gotta say, I'm not offended by what you said here. But let me address some of your points real quick.

So, you mentioned that you had a religious background. Cool, cool. I'm just curious, was it one of those Christian denominations? And if so, what was it like growing up in that?

You brought up supposed contradictions in the Bible, and I gotta tell ya, I completely disagree. The four gospels? Totally in harmony with each other. We got eyewitness accounts from John and Matthew, and then we got Luke, who was a historian dude and interviewed those eyewitnesses. And don't forget about Mark, who was Peter's disciple. So yeah, we got firsthand and secondhand accounts of what Jesus did and said. Can't go wrong with that, right?

Speaking of the Bible, I gotta ask if you've ever actually read it. Like, have you taken the time to dive into it? And if you have, was there anything in there that you actually enjoyed reading? Just curious, you know?

Now, let's get to the part where you talk about all the hypocrisy in the Catholic Church. Trust me, I've heard it all before. But lemme tell ya, there was this thing called the Reformation, where a dude named Martin Luther made a bunch of the same points you did. And because of that, Christianity kinda broke free from the clutches of the Catholic Church. Plus, Bibles started getting printed in languages that regular people like us can understand. So yeah, corruption? Not surprising at all. They ain't exactly representing Christ and biblical Christianity, if you ask me.

You mentioned how atheists and non-believers are supposedly better people 'cause they're kind without trying to please God or anything. That's a popular atheist talking point, I'll give you that. But has it really translated into action? Christians, my friend, show their love through their actions. It's not just something we say, it's something we do. And let me tell you, we've done a boatload of good in this world. Building schools, hospitals, helping the poor, increasing literacy, and the list goes on. Don't see many atheists doing that, now do ya? Christians are way more generous too, giving to charities left and right. And when it comes to tipping, we're pretty dang good at it, averaging 20 percent.

James, this dude from the Bible, puts it this way:

"What does it profit, my brethren, if someone says he has faith but does not have works? Can faith save him? If a brother or sister is naked and destitute of daily food, and one of you says to them, 'Depart in peace, be warmed and filled,' but you do not give them the things which are needed for the body, what does it profit? Thus also faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead."

Basically, you prove your love by what you do, not just what you say. So yeah, you can claim that all Christians are hypocrites, but there's plenty of evidence to show that isn't true.

Now, speaking for myself, knowing God and being loved by Him has changed me entirely. It's not about doing things for others just 'cause God wants me to, but because He's changed my heart and given me genuine love for people. I genuinely want to help others 'cause I care about them, not 'cause I'm gonna get something out of it. And let me tell you, I see my fellow Christians out there, sincerely working their butts off for others. Helping when nobody's watching, praying when someone's sick, comforting when someone's hurting.

And hey, Christianity isn't some get-out-of-jail-free card for sinning either. Nah, man, there are warnings in Scripture about living in sin and getting cut off. God gives us grace, for sure, but it ain't so we can just take advantage of it and go wild. There are plenty of cultural Christians out there who don't really know the Lord, but slap that Christian label on everything they do. They ain't been changed, my friend. They ain't saved.

Now, let me flip this around and ask you a question. Do you actually think you're a good person? And if so, why? I'm genuinely curious to hear your thoughts on that one.
------
Title: "Gear Progression in PvP: A Plea for Equality and Reliability"

Hey, fellow Redditors! Just wanted to vent a bit about the frustrating state of gear progression in PvP these days. I mean, seriously, why is it so dang difficult to get decent gear without having to step foot into PvE content? It's total bullcrap!

Let me break it down for you. Back in the good ol' days of The Burning Crusade (TBC), you could get gear from PvP without having to touch a raid or dungeon if that wasn't your jam. And that's how it should be! PvE players don't have to do PvP to gear up, so why should it be the other way around?

Another thing that grinds my gears is the lack of control over what gear we get. I mean, seriously, who needs twelve damn chest pieces when you're still stuck with a crappy pair of green legs? We should have the ability to target specific gear slots, like legs or gloves, so we can actually improve our overall item level and be competitive in PvP.

And while we're at it, let's talk about stats. Different classes and specs have different stat priorities, right? So why can't we target specific stats for our gear in PvP, like we can in PvE? It's just another example of how PvP gear progression falls short.

Oh, and let's not forget about the dreaded RNG. It's the bane of every PvP player's existence. I can spend hours upon hours grinding away, and still end up with nothing to show for it. Meanwhile, PvE players can work towards guaranteed drops from specific bosses or use currency to buy what they need. Why can't we have something similar for PvP? Bring back honor and give us a real sense of progression.

Now, I know some people bring up vanilla WoW as a counterargument, but let's get real here. Vanilla was a completely different game with different gear standards. Not everyone even made it to max level, and greens were the norm, not the exception. Epics were truly epic, and getting one piece of upgrade a month was considered lucky. Raids were 40-man affairs with limited loot drops, making gear even scarcer. Comparing vanilla to modern PvP or PvE is like comparing apples to cows.

All we're asking for is a fair shot at gearing up through the content we enjoy. We don't want handouts or the best gear on a silver platter. We just want a reliable way to farm specific gear that will serve as entry-level competitive gear for PvP. Just like PvE players have heroics and mythics to farm before tackling higher levels of content, give us a similar path.

Imagine being able to farm 340 gear from PvP, putting in a similar or slightly longer amount of time as it takes to farm it from normal mythics. That's not too much to ask for, right? We just want the option to progress through PvP without feeling like we're banging our heads against a wall.

In conclusion, my fellow Redditors, PvP players deserve a way to gear up through the content they enjoy. We shouldn't be forced into PvE just to have a chance at competitive gear. With easier gear progression in PvE nowadays, it's only fair to level the playing field for PvP. Let us earn and reliably farm specific gear that will help us dive into rated battlegrounds and arenas, without it feeling like an insurmountable task. Give us the opportunity to work towards our goals, even if it takes a little longer.

Thanks for letting me rant, folks. Let's hope someone out there is listening and considering a change. Together, we can make PvP gear progression great again!
------
Hey, just wanted to chime in here with my thoughts. Personally, I think you're just looking at it all wrong. Sex is not some deep, dark secret that drains your soul or anything like that. It's just a natural part of being human. Of course, everything has its ups and downs, but that doesn't mean sex is inherently bad for you in the long run.

You mentioned that humans are different from animals because we've repressed our primal instincts and built civilizations. Well, sure, we've come a long way as a society, but that doesn't mean we should completely ignore our natural desires. It's okay to embrace our sexuality and enjoy those primal pleasures every now and then. It doesn't mean we're going to stop progressing as a species or anything like that.

Now, let's talk about your claim that our society is sex-crazed and that everyone is addicted to sex. Seriously? That's a bit of a stretch, don't you think? Sure, there's a lot of sexual content in movies, music, and porn, but that doesn't make us all sex-crazed maniacs. People have always been interested in sex, it's not some new phenomenon. And just because someone enjoys casual sex or watches a lot of porn doesn't automatically make them addicted or obsessed. Let's not jump to conclusions here.

Speaking of addiction, let's clarify some things. Addiction is a serious issue, no doubt about it. But not everyone who engages in sexual activities or watches porn is addicted. It's important not to throw around the word lightly and label everyone who enjoys sex or sexual content as an addict. That's just unfair and judgmental.

You also mentioned that indulging in sexuality is only a problem if people can't control it. And you're right, self-control is important in all aspects of life. But let's not forget that self-control is a personal choice. Just because some people struggle with it doesn't mean we should shame everyone for enjoying their sexuality. We're all responsible for our own actions, and if someone can handle casual sex or watching porn without it negatively impacting their life, then more power to them.

And come on, comparing sex to drugs and drinking? That's a bit of a stretch. Yes, they can all be pleasurable experiences, but they are not the same thing. Sex is a normal, healthy part of human life, while excessive drug or alcohol use can lead to serious problems. Let's not equate consensual sexual activities with harmful addictions.

In the end, happiness is what matters, as you stated. If having casual sex makes someone happy and fulfilled, who are we to judge? As long as it's all consensual and no one is being hurt, why should we stand in their way? Let's not project our own beliefs onto others and respect their choices.

To sum it up, sex is a natural part of life and can bring joy and pleasure to many people. Let's not stigmatize it or shame others for enjoying their sexuality. We're all different, and what works for one person may not work for another. So let's focus on spreading positivity and acceptance rather than pushing our own views onto others. Cheers!
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? Just stumbled upon this new thread and I gotta say, this whole controversy surrounding Thomas' artwork is wild. Like, seriously, everyone needs to chill out and let the man express himself.

Now, I get it, some people are all like "Oh, he's stealing someone else's photo!" But hold up, who really owns an image anyways? Thomas raises a good point about who has the right to claim ownership. Like, can Williams really say he owns the image just because he took it? That's kinda sketchy if you ask me.

And let's not forget, this is art we're talking about here. It's all about pushing boundaries and making people think. Thomas is just trying to provoke some thoughts about representation, objectification, and exploitation. And guess what? It's working! So why are people getting all up in arms about it?

Some folks might argue that this is disingenuous or whatever, but honestly, I think Thomas has a valid perspective. He's a black artist exploring racial themes, and he's challenging the notion of who gets to control the narrative. Can a white photographer have complete ownership over the image of black youth celebrating the end of racism in South Africa? I mean, come on, that's a question worth pondering.

But of course, Reddit being Reddit, there are always those who can't appreciate art for what it is. Some people are so focused on technique and skill that they can't see the bigger picture. Art isn't just about how well you can paint or draw; it's about ideas and concepts. And Thomas is bringing some heavy ideas to the table.

Look, I get it, not everyone is going to agree with me or Thomas. That's cool, we all have our own opinions. But as someone who's spent a lot of time thinking about this stuff, I gotta say, art is about more than just pretty pictures. It's about challenging norms, sparking conversations, and making people think.

Oh, and by the way, Thomas actually took the artwork down after all the uproar. Yeah, it's gone now. But he did have an interesting perspective on the whole thing. He mentioned how the question of "enough" alteration is crucial. The photo he used has been circulating for almost three decades, printed thousands of times worldwide. At what point can someone else take it and explore it from a different angle, just like quoting from a book?

So, all I'm saying is, let's not get all bent out of shape about this. Thomas had something to say, and he said it through his art. Whether you agree with him or not, it's worth considering his viewpoint. Art is about pushing boundaries, after all.

Alright, I've rambled on long enough. Peace out, Reddit fam! Keep those discussions going, even if they get a little heated. That's what makes this place interesting.
------
Seriously? Do you have a source for any of that crap you just spewed? Because everything you said sounds like a load of BS to me.

So apparently, Trump has brought businesses back into the states and created more jobs? Well, why don't you enlighten me on which businesses exactly he brought back? Oh right, you're probably talking about those Carrier jobs that he made a big fuss about saving when he was first elected. News flash buddy, those jobs are long gone now! Trump didn't actually save them, he just played it up for the cameras.

And let's talk about Obamacare. First off, Trump hasn't repealed it, despite all his talk. He eliminated the individual mandate, sure, but Obamacare is still very much alive. So before you start throwing around words like "repealing," maybe you should get your facts straight.

Oh, and you say that repealing Obamacare is projected to increase GDP? Well, I'd love to know where you got those numbers from. Because from what I've read, a total repeal of Obamacare would cost about 350 billion over 10 years. That's according to both a congressional budget office report and a report from the committee for a responsible federal budget. So yeah, totally eliminating Obamacare without an alternative plan would be a disaster.

And let's not forget about the economy. You claim that GDP has gone up and unemployment has gone down under Trump. Well, maybe you should do a little more research because it's not as rosy as you make it seem. Sure, there was a good last quarter under Trump, but Obama had similar quarters with even higher GDP growth. And guess what? Almost 20% of that growth last quarter was due to the tax cuts. It was a one-time thing! And those tax cuts are expected to more than double the federal deficit next year. So much for economic success.

And as for unemployment, it's at the same rate as it was under Obama. Trump didn't magically turn things around, he just kept the rate the same. And let's not forget that wage growth has stagnated under Trump, whereas it was actually going up under Obama. So yeah, unemployment may be going down, but wages sure aren't looking too great.

Look, I get it. You want Trump to succeed. But you need to wake up and realize that the guy lies about everything. Even small, insignificant things like the size of his inauguration crowd. So why would you believe anything he says about his so-called accomplishments? That's why people in that video you posted were laughing at him. They know he's a liar and they're not afraid to call him out on it.

So next time you come here spouting off all this pro-Trump nonsense, make sure you have some actual evidence to back it up. Because right now, it just sounds like a bunch of hot air to me.
------
Yo, so I posted this story on r/casualuk a while back and it got a good response, so I figured I'd share it here too. Brace yourself though, 'cause shit's about to get real. This is one messed up tale, and it's a long one, so grab some popcorn and get comfy.

Alright, so it all went down in April of 2015, just after I moved into my new crib. First day in the house and my new neighbor comes over to introduce himself. Turns out the dude's a freaking drug dealer. At first, I'm thinking, "Hey, not too bad, could come in handy," 'cause I'm no stranger to a little smoke here and there. Little did I know how wrong I was...

Now, let me tell you, 2015 was a shit year for me. Lost my old man to cancer, my sister had a miscarriage, and just to top it off, my freaking BBQ exploded on my birthday. Talk about a seriously messed up year. But it's August now, right? Summer's almost over and I'm thinking, "Alright, my luck has gotta change soon." Boy, was I in for a surprise.

So, it's late at night, around 12:30 am. I've just watched some horror movie called "It Follows" which got me pretty creeped out, not gonna lie. I decide to head up to bed where my girlfriend's already passed out. Now, picture this, my house has three floors. Ground floor's got the entrance, a spare room, and stairs. First floor's got the kitchen and living room, and the top floor's where the bedroom and bathroom are at. Got the picture? Good.

Anyway, I'm settling into bed, trying to drift off to sleep when suddenly I hear this banging noise. I'm like, "Eh, probably just my imagination playing tricks on me." I start to doze off again when all of a sudden, bam! The bedroom door gets kicked open and a group of masked figures storm in, armed with crowbars.

Now, let me paint the picture for you. I'm half-asleep, scared shitless, and confused as hell. My girlfriend's screaming her pretty little head off, and I'm just there, trying to protect her. I kick one of these assholes in the balls, but that just gets me whacked in the legs with a crowbar. Not fun, let me tell you.

So, now there are at least four, maybe five of these dudes lined up on my side of the bed. I can't really see clearly 'cause I didn't have time to put on my glasses. They're all shouting, my girl's losing her mind, and I'm just standing there, utterly bewildered. The ringleader starts demanding the "bag of money."

But here's the thing, I don't know what the fuck they're talking about! So, I tell them, "I don't have a bag of money!" And that's when Tom Cruise pops into my head. Yeah, you heard me right. I'd watched "Mission: Impossible 3" the night before and there's this scene where Ethan Hunt's wife has a gun to her head and says, "I want to give you what you want, but you've got to do what's right." I don't know why, but those words come spewing out of my mouth.

Turns out, these idiots are looking for my neighbor. This dude, he's a total whack job. Skinny, blonde, constantly high, always hopping around like a lunatic. He's a freaking drug dealer, you know what I mean? And here I am, trying to convince these criminals that they got the wrong house.

"I don't have a bag of money, man. Take whatever else you want, just leave us alone," I say, offering up my electronics and shit.

Finally, these morons realize their mistake. They apologize and leave to go terrorize my neighbor instead. But, oh boy, it doesn't end there.

My neighbor, being the crazy mofo that he is, jumps out of his window, bursts into my house, and screams, "They're in my house!"

Meanwhile, my girl and I are calling the police, trying to sort out this goddamn mess. Cops show up eventually, but it takes 'em a while 'cause the neighbor told 'em the intruders had guns. We had to wait for the freaking armed response unit. And let me tell you, telling four armed dudes to shut the fuck up is an experience I never thought I'd have.

Long story short, the thieves made off with some cash and my trusty leatherman knife. Nobody ever got charged for the break-in, but life went back to normal eventually. Oh, and I moved out recently, so here's to hoping I never have to see that crazy neighbor's face again.

I know this shit sounds insane, but hey, here's proof that it happened. One of the officers who responded to the call confirmed it on my original post. So, there you have it, folks. A night of sheer chaos, confusion, and stupidity. Can't make this shit up, I swear to you.

TL;DR - Some masked idiots break into my house, realize they got the wrong place, apologize, then go on to terrorize my neighbor. Oh, and my neighbor's a fucking knob.

Edit: Oh, and just so you know, the police called this a "scum on scum" attack. Apparently, when losers like these mess up, they're usually apologetic. I mean, they even said we might get some anonymous flowers as an apology. Didn't happen though, but based on the messages I've been getting, seems like it's a thing that actually goes down.
------
Wow, okay. This post is just filled with insults and unnecessary aggression. It's clear that this person is not interested in having a civil discussion or actually addressing any of the points made by the other user. Instead, they resort to name-calling and personal attacks.

First of all, it's important to note that the initial post was not about absolving any country from its responsibilities or duties when it comes to pollution. It was merely pointing out that other countries, such as China, also contribute significantly to global pollution, and it's not fair to solely blame the US for all environmental issues.

The response begins by attacking the assumption made by the other user, calling them a "selfish turd." Clearly, this is not an appropriate or respectful way to engage in a conversation. It's important to keep discussions civil, even when there are disagreements.

The next part of the response acknowledges that each country should take responsibility for its pollution and work towards reducing it. This is a valid point, but it does not excuse the aggressive tone used throughout the rest of the reply.

The original post also mentioned the US not being part of the Paris Accord, and the response points out that it is not one of the top polluters. The response then questions whether insulting and name-calling is an effective way to change someone's mind. This is a fair point to make, as insults rarely lead to productive conversations.

The next part of the response goes off track, attacking the other user for mentioning Canada's emissions per person. While the relevance of this point can be debated, responding with insults and swearing is not the way to address it.

The following exchange continues with insults and accusations, with both sides questioning the intelligence and education of the other. This type of behavior adds nothing to the discussion and only serves to escalate tensions.

The response briefly mentions the benefits of solar energy, but quickly dismisses them by claiming that it doesn't matter because China is still the biggest polluter. Once again, this ignores the complexities of the issue and offers no real argument or counterpoint.

The last part of the response continues with more insults and personal attacks, accusing the other user of being "trailer park trash" and not taking responsibility for their own actions. It's clear that this person is more interested in belittling and demeaning others than engaging in a constructive conversation.

Overall, this response is a prime example of how not to respond to someone on Reddit or any other online platform. It's important to remain respectful, even when we disagree with someone. Insults and personal attacks only serve to further divide us and prevent any meaningful dialogue from taking place.
------
Alright, look, I don't mean to be rude here, but come on! What are we even doing? We're arguing about some sigils in a video game! Who cares if some people made a ton of gold off of it? It's a game, not the stock market.

First of all, let's get one thing straight. This whole "market failure" thing is a load of crap. The market didn't fail. Some players just made better decisions than others. It's as simple as that. If you didn't act on the information that was available to you, then that's your own fault. Don't blame the market for your own laziness or lack of research skills.

And don't give me this nonsense about poor information being worse than no information. Yeah, sure, it can lead to incorrect decisions, but that's on the individual, not the market. If you want to make smart choices, then do your homework. Don't expect the market to hold your hand and spoon-feed you all the information you need.

Now, let's talk about these speculators. You think they're bad for the free market? Really? They're just playing the game, man. They saw an opportunity and they took it. If anything, they're helping to stabilize the market. Without them, those sigils would have been destroyed and nobody would have been able to complete the collection. So, don't hate on the speculators. They're just doing what any rational player would do.

And don't even get me started on this idea that people only make money in games or in real life because of luck or unfair advantage. Sure, there might be some lucky breaks or shady dealings from time to time, but that doesn't mean that hard work and skill don't count for something. If you want to succeed, you have to put in the effort. It's as simple as that.

Look, at the end of the day, we're all responsible for our own success or failure. If you can't lift your own weight, then you're gonna struggle. It's not the market's fault. It's not the speculators' fault. It's your own damn fault. So stop blaming others and start taking control of your own destiny.

And seriously, why are we even arguing about this? It's just a stupid video game. Let's all take a step back, chill out, and remember that there are more important things in life than some stupid sigils.

So, in conclusion, stop whining, take responsibility for your own actions, and for the love of all that is holy, find something better to argue about. Peace out, Reddit.
------
Alright, listen up. I don't usually waste my time responding to morons like you, but your post was just too ridiculous to ignore. So here I am, ready to tear apart your pathetic arguments and show the world how clueless you really are.

First of all, let's address your little tantrum about Tesla not making any profit. Yeah, sure, in the last 15 years they haven't made as much profit as you found in the street. Congratulations, you're a real genius for making that brilliant observation. But guess what? Profit isn't everything. Tesla is a $50 billion company that generates billions in revenue. That's pretty damn impressive if you ask me. And let's not forget about Amazon, another company that didn't turn a profit for years. But I guess you're not a businessman, so you wouldn't understand that sometimes it takes time to build something great.

And speaking of greatness, let's move on to Space X. You claim that reusable rockets had been invented and tested before Elon Musk came along. Well, guess what? They didn't work. Elon Musk's rockets do. The federal government contracts with him because they trust his technology. So maybe, just maybe, he knows what he's doing.

Now, onto your ridiculous accusation that Musk is "raping" the government. Seriously? Do you even know what you're talking about? Musk's projects, including Tesla and Space X, have received public funding through tax incentives and contracts. But here's the thing, genius, if the government felt like they were being taken advantage of, they wouldn't continue to provide these subsidies and contracts. They exist because they're mutually beneficial. So quit throwing around that word "rape" just to make your weak point seem stronger. It's pathetic.

And let's not forget your oh-so-brilliant argument about whether reusable rockets are economically feasible. Well, guess what? The federal government seems to think so since they contract with Musk to use his rockets. So yeah, he's kind of proven it. But I guess you're too busy being blind to see that.

Oh, and here we go again with your idiotic claim that "anyone with enough money" could start a rocket company. Newsflash, buddy. Elon Musk didn't have unlimited money to start up Space X. He used the money he made from PayPal to keep it afloat. He didn't have billions and a trillion-dollar company like Bezos to throw at something until it sticks. So stop acting like it's so easy to just throw money at a problem and solve it. It takes skill, determination, and innovation, which clearly you lack.

Now, let's talk about Solar City, since you seem to think you know so much about it. Well, surprise, surprise, Musk didn't even start or operate Solar City until it was bought out. So, once again, you've managed to prove just how clueless you really are.

And don't even get me started on your pathetic attempt to compare Bezos and Musk. Sure, Bezos might be a successful businessman, but Musk is worth $20 billion. Yeah, that's right, one of the wealthiest people in the world. So next time you try to argue that people with big egos don't do what Musk does, maybe consider the fact that they don't want to be worth billions like him. Your point is beyond dumb.

And let's wrap this up with your laughable claim that profitability is the only thing that matters. Well, guess what, genius? Tesla has assets and generates enough income to fund its operations. That's what matters. So maybe you should take your armchair CEO opinions and shove them where the sun don't shine. The investors that put millions into Tesla certainly don't need to hear from a self-proclaimed expert like yourself.

Oh, and by the way, calling people who believe in Musk's vision a "cult" just shows how ignorant and narrow-minded you really are. Maybe, just maybe, some people support him because they see the potential for positive change in what he's doing. But I suppose it's easier for you to sit there behind your computer screen and spew hatred because you haven't accomplished anything significant in your own life. 

So, in conclusion, stop crying, quit making baseless arguments, and try actually doing something with your life instead of criticizing those who are actually achieving greatness. Good luck with that, champ. You're gonna need it.
------
Listen, dude, I get that you have your own opinions and all, but seriously, why should I even care about what you're saying? You're just some random person on the internet spouting off your ideas without any real evidence to back it up. And don't even get me started on your sources. They're clearly biased towards the accuracy of the Old Testament, so how can I trust them?

I mean, come on, where are your peer-reviewed sources? Oh wait, you don't have any. Figures. Yet, here you are, trying to dismiss my arguments just because I'm not a scholar. Well, newsflash, buddy, neither are you! So, if we're going to play that game, then I guess we can both just ignore each other's claims and get nowhere in this discussion. Yeah, that sounds productive.

But hey, since you brought up the whole 2 million Israelites leaving Egypt thing, let's talk about that. You say there's no physical evidence of a mass migration? Well, surprise, surprise! That's because it probably never happened. I mean, seriously, why would Egypt be worried about 600,000 fighting men joining an enemy if there were actually 2 million of them? That just doesn't add up. And let's not forget about those battles in Exodus where Israel overcame great odds. If they were this massive army, why would they need any help at all? It just doesn't make sense.

Oh, and don't even try to pull that "can't provide positive evidence of a negative claim" crap. It's a lame excuse. I mean, look at the Quran and its claim that Jesus wasn't crucified. I have plenty of Christian documents from the first century that say he was, not to mention official Roman sources. So, yeah, evidence for negative claims does exist. You just don't have any.

And speaking of evidence, your precious source isn't even peer-reviewed. It's just some online article filled with speculation about the Hyksos people. Nice try, but that's not gonna cut it. Sure, it might collate some relevant evidence, but it's still just a bunch of conjecture.

Now, I'll give you that your first point has some merit, tentatively. But your conclusion? It's seriously flawed, my friend. I mean, yeah, there's a big gap between your first point and your latter one. And let's be real here, you can't historically prove the Exodus story as told in the Old Testament. It's just too damn long ago.

So, at the end of the day, I guess I'll have to accept that we'll never have any physical evidence of those plagues or the parting of the Red Sea or whatever you want to call it. It's just a bunch of ancient mythology, man. But hey, if you want to believe in it, go right ahead. Just don't expect me to buy into your wild claims without any real evidence.
------
Look, I get what you're saying, but seriously, do you really expect everyone to just shut up and leave you alone in a crowded place? That's like wanting to sleep at a damn football game and expecting everyone to be quiet. Come on, man, it's not gonna happen.

I mean, I understand the need for solitude every now and then. Trust me, I've been taking the Metra to the city for years, and most people there keep to themselves. They know better than to bother someone who clearly wants to be left alone. But hey, this is the US we're talking about. We don't all have the same social norms. And guess what, buddy? That's called ethnocentricity. You can't expect other cultures to act the same way you do. In some parts of Africa, people don't even form lines! They just push their way to the front like it's no big deal. It's not right or wrong, it's just their thing.

So yeah, I get that this guy might have been a total creep. I'm not saying he wasn't. But maybe, just maybe, he was genuinely trying to be kind in his own weird, culturally different way. I'm not saying you should change your values or anything, but expecting everyone to conform to your standards? That's just not gonna happen, my friend.

You can either choose to be constantly angry and annoyed that people want to interact with you in public, or you can accept that it's a part of life and deal with it. Yeah, you can put on your headphones and try to block them out, but let's be real here, it's not gonna work all the time. Sometimes, you just gotta roll with the punches, ya know?

And hey, have you ever considered that maybe you're just introverted? There's nothing wrong with that, man. In fact, studies show that introverts are often higher level thinkers. So embrace it! But don't hide away from the world. Learn to communicate your needs to others. There's a great book called "Quiet" that explains introverts in a brilliant way. Give it a read, it might help you understand yourself better.

Lastly, I just wanna say that I appreciate the fact that you responded to my comment with an open mind. It shows that you're intelligent and willing to consider different perspectives. Just be careful not to fall into the trap of assuming every older man who talks to a younger woman is a pervert. That's just not fair, man.

So yeah, chill out a bit, think about where others are coming from, and learn to navigate this crazy game called life. It's not always gonna be easy, but hey, you got this.
------
Look here, buddy. I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but notice your ignorant and narrow-minded comment. So, let me set a few things straight for you.

First of all, comparing welfare programs and universal basic income (UBI) to lottery wins and suits is like comparing apples to oranges. Seriously, what are you even talking about? Welfare and UBI provide a stable income, aimed at helping those in need have some financial stability. It's not about a sudden surge of money that you didn't expect, like winning the damn lottery. People play the lottery hoping for a stroke of luck, not to go back to school or improve their financial situation.

And hey, guess what? Not everyone has the luxury of being born into privilege and having a stable family who can support them. That's where welfare and UBI come in. They give people a fighting chance to get their shit together, get an education, and find a decent job. The goal is to break the cycle of poverty and create a society where everyone has equal opportunities.

Oh, and by the way, welfare programs aren't flawless. We know that. But UBI is an attempt to address the shortcomings and make a positive change. It's about creating a system that doesn't punish you for trying to improve your financial situation. Instead of being stuck in a dead-end job just to make ends meet, UBI allows people to have more flexibility and pursue opportunities that align with their skills and interests. 

But no, you seem to think that anyone who supports these programs is lazy and entitled. Well, let me tell you, that attitude reeks of entitlement much more than anything else. It screams, "What about me? Why should I care about helping the less fortunate?" This mentality completely overlooks the fact that in a society with socialist ideals, everyone benefits when the poor do better and contribute to the community.

Here's a reality check for you: being poor is expensive as hell. When you're struggling to make ends meet, you're forced to make short-term financial decisions that have long-term consequences. It's a vicious cycle that keeps people trapped in poverty. UBI and similar systems aim to break that cycle, offering a safety net, so people can focus on improving their lives without constantly worrying about survival.

You know, it's easy to sit behind your computer screen and talk down to those in need, acting like you're better than everyone else. But what have you done to better the lives of the poor, apart from spewing out your holier-than-thou crap? It's easy to judge when you've had the privilege of a financially stable family supporting you.

Listen, I'm not guilting you if you've had some privileges. Good for you if you were fortunate enough to have a solid education and a family that could support you. But don't go around insulting people who are in dire need of help. The income you earn is indirectly funding welfare programs and UBI that aim to assist those less fortunate.

So next time, before you decide to be a keyboard warrior and act all mighty, think about the impact your words have on others. Instead of being a dick, try showing a little empathy and understanding. Maybe then, we can work towards creating a society where everyone has a fair shot at a decent life.
------
Sorry if this comes off as harsh, but I gotta be real with you here. Your post is a hot mess. I mean, seriously? You're gonna dump that wall of text on us? Ain't nobody got time to read all that, especially when it's filled with your sob story.

Look, I get it, you're disabled and life sucks right now. But guess what? Everyone's got their own problems, so don't come crying to us expecting some miracle solution. We're just random Redditors, not miracle workers.

First of all, I'm gonna need you to take a step back and stop playing the victim card. Yeah, it sucks that your ex broke up with you, but it sounds like he had his reasons. Maybe he got tired of taking care of you, who knows? Relationships end, deal with it.

You say you lost the love of your life and your life in general? Come on now, that's melodramatic. There's more to life than just one person, especially when that person clearly doesn't want anything to do with you anymore. It's time to pick yourself up and figure out how to live without him, because trust me, you can do it.

Now, let's talk about your family situation. I get that your parents are dealing with their own health issues, but that doesn't give your dad the right to yell at you or degrade you. Stand up for yourself, for crying out loud. If they can't afford a caregiver, then look into other options. There are support groups, government assistance programs, and countless resources out there if you actually take the time to do some research.

And here's a little tough love for you: stop relying on others to make you happy. Yes, it's great when someone takes care of you, but you can't expect them to do it forever. Learn to be independent, find things that bring you joy even in your current state. Yeah, it won't be easy, but life isn't a walk in the park for anyone.

As for getting your ex to talk to you again, here's a radical idea: move on. Seriously, why would you even want to be friends with someone who dumped you like that? Have some self-respect. If he's not willing to communicate and be there for you, then he ain't worth your time. Find new friends, reach out to supportive communities online or offline, and focus on building a life without him.

You need to find a way to carry on physically and emotionally, and the only person who can do that is you. Surround yourself with positivity, seek therapy if you haven't already, and work on accepting your disability instead of dwelling on what you've lost.

Life is tough, no doubt about it. But you have the power to make it better, even in the face of adversity. So stop whining on Reddit and start taking action. The world doesn't owe you anything, so it's time to make your own happiness. Good luck.
------
Hey y'all! So I was just browsing through this subreddit and came across a post about intactivism. Man, why does this topic always attract allegations of anti-Semitism? It's like some people automatically scream "anti-Semitism" whenever someone questions circumcision. It's such a weak move, just like when feminists yell "misogyny" every time they face criticism.

But let me tell you, there are so many reasons why circumcision is not all it's cracked up to be. First off, let's talk about how intact penises are actually preferred by women. Yep, you heard that right, ladies love a natural peen! And guess what? Men love it too! So much for all those "studies" claiming health benefits, huh?

Oh, and did I mention that masturbation feels better with an intact penis? Yeah, cut guys, you're missing out on that pleasure. Plus, circumcision significantly reduces sensitivity. You know what that means? Less pleasure during sex for the circumcised folks. Bummer, right?

Oh, and don't even get me started on the whole "hygiene" argument. Seriously, who doesn't clean their penis? It's a three-second job in the shower. And guess what? Women produce way more smegma than men, so should we start chopping off infant girls' labia lips too? Yeah, I didn't think so.

But wait, there's more! Circumcision increases the risk of erectile dysfunction. Who wants that, right? And if too much skin is removed, it can actually make the penis smaller. Talk about a botched job, am I right?

And let's not forget that circumcision does absolutely nothing to lower the risk of AIDS. So yeah, all those claims about it preventing STDs? Total BS. But hey, at least they can sell those circumcised foreskins to cosmetic manufacturers and make a profit, right?

But here's the real kicker: circumcision comes with a whole host of complications. Infections, hemorrhaging, skin-bridging, phimosis, amputation, and even death. Yeah, you read that right. People have died from this barbaric ritual. Not to mention the long-term changes in pain response that cut infants experience. It's just not worth it, my friends.

So in conclusion, circumcision is a whole lot of unnecessary pain, trauma, and loss of sexual pleasure. It's influenced by psychosocial factors rather than actual health benefits. And trust me, it's only a matter of time before this outdated practice is finally outlawed.

So there you have it, folks. The truth about circumcision. Feel free to check out the sources I provided, they'll blow your mind. Stay woke and keep fighting against this unnecessary mutilation!

Source:
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
- <url>
------
Alright, listen up, fellow Redditors. I gotta get something off my chest here, so bear with me. Cheating, yeah, it's messed up, we all know that. But what's even more messed up is how universities handle it. They play favorites like it's their damn job! And you know why? Because they're all about making connections and raking in the dough.

Take a look at this link I found, it's a prime example of what I'm talking about. UNC, a supposedly "respectable" university, had athletes running through a fake degree track just so they could keep playing their precious sports. It's a load of crap, really. And they have the audacity to have this so-called honor code policy in place while endorsing cheating for their "chosen few". Can you believe that? It's a clear demonstration of how differently universities treat cheaters based on who they are. Their punishment system is like some shady kangaroo court, and it's not fair.

Now, some of you might argue that money is the only motive behind lawsuits. Well, let me tell you something, buddy. In one case at SDSU, the plaintiff fought to have their expulsion for cheating removed from their academic record. And that's a big freaking deal! It can seriously impact your future prospects, so getting that stain erased is a victory in itself. Plus, universities keep everything so hush-hush, the only way to get any information is through legal discovery. You gotta file a lawsuit and get yourself a lawyer to dig out the truth. It's the sad reality of our messed-up system.

And don't get me started on institutions and their supposed integrity. I've been through the education system, and let me tell you, nothing's changed. Hell, it's probably even worse now with all the technology floating around. When I was in grad school, the Chinese and Indian students were cheating left and right, not even trying to be sneaky about it. They'd straight-up shout answers across the room during exams! But you know what? The university didn't give a damn because those foreign students were basically cash cows. I even took it up with the dean, but did anything happen? Nope. Universities are just money-making rackets, plain and simple.

So, here's my advice to all of you, whether you're guilty or innocent: never, and I mean never, confess or answer any questions without a lawyer present. Don't give them an inch. Get yourself some legal representation, because I guarantee you'll get a lighter punishment if you have someone fighting in your corner. Attorneys know their stuff, man. They'll give you solid advice and fight for you way better than if you relied on the mercy of any institution.

Alright, rant over. But seriously, guys, this cheating issue in universities is messed up, and we need to call them out on their bullshit. It's time for some accountability and fairness. We deserve better.
------
Hey guys, I just finished reading this book called "The Porn Trap" by Wendy Maltz and holy shit, it blew my mind. This psychologist talks about all the fucked up ways that porn can ruin relationships and apparently it takes at least 18 months for our brain to fully heal from all that damage. Like, we're not just talking about a 90-day challenge here, we're talking about a fucking long-ass journey to restore our dopamine receptors.

And here's the thing, most of us have no idea what our true potential is! We spend our teens and twenties jerking off like there's no tomorrow and we've never really experienced what it feels like to be a fully functioning man. It's like walking around with a dead phone on low power mode, man. We've never seen our true masculinity shine through because this porn crap has been holding us back.

Our hormone levels are all out of whack because of this chemical cocktail we've been ingesting, and we've never operated at our peak levels of effectiveness, efficiency, productivity, drive, determination, you name it. We're just a bunch of lost souls wandering around, having half-assed relationships and not even truly connecting with our significant others.

And let's be real, our daily routines suck balls too. We don't get enough sleep, we neglect basic hygiene, and we're just a mess of bad habits and irresponsible technology use. The only relationship we've had is with those pixelated women who demand nothing and give us everything. Can you believe that shit?

Our prefrontal cortex is shot to hell, man. We can't even be effective or show up as the men we wanna be because of this addiction. We're stuck with this loser self-image from high school and college, always feeling rejected and resorting to videos on our phones just to feel some semblance of intimacy. It's pathetic, really.

I wasted so much of my life on useless shit. Hours and hours of gaming, marathon edging and fapping sessions, mindlessly browsing the internet for clickbait trash, and stuffing my face with junk food. It was all just a fucking waste of time and vitality. And guess what? I sucked at everything I enjoyed. Basketball? Weak as fuck. Hanging out with friends? Anxious mess unless I rubbed one out first. I was a goddamn shell of a person.

But you know what? Going hard mode has been a game-changer for me. I've seen some serious gains, bro. And I'm only 20! I'm scared and excited to see who the fuck I'll be in 18 months. Like, what the actual fuck?

Imagine if all men collectively said "fuck you" to porn and actually started living their lives. How fucking amazing would that be? We're all gonna have some sort of encounter with porn, it's just part of our modern society. But it's up to each and every one of us to decide whether we wanna invite that shit into our lives or say, "No thanks, I'd rather choose reality over fantasy."

So yeah, that's my little rant for today. Shit's real, guys. Don't let porn turn us into weak-ass losers. Let's unplug from that crap and plug into real life. We got this!
------
Hey, I've gotta say, I'm not really buying into what you're saying here. Like, seriously, I don't concede to that at all. You're telling me that you don't believe in miracles? Alright, fine, but then what god are you even talking about? Are you some sort of deist or something?

Oh, so now you're comparing miracles to cheat codes? Come on, man, give me a break. Maybe you should come up with a better analogy. And honestly, why shouldn't god use cheat codes if it means saving more people? Think about it.

Wait, hold up. Your whole analogy was supposed to show that a god who "used the console commands" and relied on miracles is somehow not as good of a being as one who didn't need to intervene like that. I totally missed that. So, are you saying that god would be better off just setting up everything perfectly and making everyone choose to believe without any miracles? Alright, sure, I can accept that. It just seems a bit far-fetched to deny him miracles, but hey, if that's what floats your boat, I've got no problem with it.

And seriously, how am I "reading too much into" this? I showed you that your example doesn't actually support the existence of an infinite number of possible worlds, and now you're trying to twist it around? Do you honestly think there are finite real numbers? Just think about it for a second. If there's one universe for each real number, how many universes do you think there would be? That's right, infinite! So yeah, there are infinite possible worlds. Now, I get that it doesn't automatically prove god's plan or anything, but it just shows that your limit on possible worlds is totally arbitrary and god doesn't have to follow that.

Oh, wait a minute, now you're changing your tune. First, you were all like "god has to abide by physical laws," and now you're saying that he would "almost certainly choose to do so in the vast majority of cases." Make up your mind! My position has been consistent from the beginning, buddy. You said there were finite possible worlds, I proved you wrong, and now you're just trying to shift the goalposts by saying they're only finite if god has to do something you don't think he would. Nice try, but it ain't gonna fly.

And seriously, man, I couldn't care less about someone's interpretation of a miracle. People have always believed in supernatural stuff just because they interpret things that way. Take solar eclipses for example, millions, maybe billions of people in the past saw them and thought they were miracles. But guess what? That doesn't mean they actually were. Just because someone believes something is supernatural doesn't make it true, you know?

By the way, are you a deist? I mean, your flair says you're a Christian, but it's kinda hard to tell. Do you think all the miracles in the Bible were just natural occurrences? Because let me tell you, the people in my church definitely believe in miracles. They might be skeptical about supernatural stuff happening nowadays, but they sure as hell believe that god performed miracles in the past like sustaining the Israelites with manna or raising the dead. And they think he'll continue doing miracles in the future too.

And yeah, you're right, god probably wouldn't have to look that far for solutions. I mean, I already showed you ways that he can save everyone without resorting to miracles. This whole argument is me trying to understand what restrictions you're putting on god and showing you how he can still save everyone. So far, the main restriction you've set is "don't break physical laws too often." But hey, he can set up those laws however he wants, including making them work in a way that grants prayers. So yeah, I'm just trying to be on the same page here. Any other restrictions you want to add? Let me know, and we can keep this discussion rolling.
------
Look, dude, I gotta say, your post is coming off a bit preachy and self-righteous. Like, seriously, do you really need to write a frickin' essay just to express your opinion? Ain't nobody got time for that. But hey, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and read through your wall of text.

First off, thanks for stating the obvious and thanking people for having a conversation without resorting to name-calling. Yeah, we all know that's not the norm on the internet, but why do you feel the need to make a big deal out of it? Just saying thanks would've been enough, man.

And then you start nitpicking about someone's comment. So what if they didn't word something perfectly? We're all human, we make mistakes, get over it. Instead of going on and on about it, why don't you just point out the mistake and move on? Ain't nobody got time to dissect every single sentence, bro.

Oh, and now you're talking about someone feeling attacked because of their identity structure. Seriously, what does that even mean? Sounds like a bunch of psychobabble to me. Can we get back to the actual topic at hand, please?

Alright, now you're accusing someone of "bible bashing and weird" stuff. Look, I get it, there are some whackos out there who bash religious folks, but not everyone falls under that category. Stop making assumptions and painting everyone with the same brush. It's just plain ignorant.

And here you go again, dissecting someone's comment and trying to twist their words. Can't we just have a straightforward conversation without overanalyzing everything? It's exhausting, man.

Wait, hold up, now you're saying you're not a Christian, but an atheist. Dude, make up your mind. First, you're accusing someone of attacking your identity, and now you're saying it's not even relevant to you. What are you even trying to argue here?

Alright, now you're going on a rant about atheists and their so-called agenda. Look, I don't care if atheists have an agenda or not. Everyone has their own beliefs and opinions, and that's cool. But can we stop acting like atheists are some oppressed group, crying about how they're targeted by all faiths? Talk about playing the victim card.

And now you're going on about atheists wanting a secular world. Great, good for you. But not everyone shares that same viewpoint, you know? It's not about being anti-Christian or whatever, it's just different perspectives. Respect that and move on.

Finally, you're telling people not to fear a secular world. Um, who's fearing it? I'm pretty sure most people couldn't care less. And again, stop assuming that everyone is against you. It's tiring to hear the same arguments over and over again.

Look, man, I get that you have strong opinions and all, but you really need to learn how to get your point across without writing a freaking novel. Keep it short and sweet, for everyone's sake. Ain't nobody got time to read through your 600-word essays.
------
So, I just had my HR meeting and let me tell you, it wasn't as dramatic as I thought it would be. I was all prepared to go in guns blazing, ready to defend myself with the company handbook and everything. But turns out, it was a lot more low-key than I expected.

Before the meeting, I took down both of my posts on Sunday as a gesture of goodwill, even though I didn't think it would make much of a difference. When I walked into the meeting, I asked if I could record it, just to cover my own ass. The HR representative, let's call her Beth, agreed.

Beth wanted to talk about each specific person I had posted screenshots of, who actually work at the company. Now, mind you, those screenshots made up less than a third of what I had. But anyway, we started with coworker 1, the guy I had previously reported to HR for harassment. He had been moved to a different team and explicitly told not to contact me. Turns out, he was the one who brought the posts to Beth's attention, claiming that the "no contact" agreement went both ways. I reminded her that there was no written or verbal agreement on my part. Surprisingly, she quickly moved on to the next person.

Next up was coworker 2, who had been fired for unrelated reasons. Beth asked if there had been any other conflicts between us during his employment, apart from the text messages. I said no, and we moved on just as quickly.

Then came coworker 3. I told Beth that I had received threatening texts from him, filled with slurs about my sexuality. I even gave her a printout of those messages. She read them and immediately stepped out to show them to her manager. She came back after a few minutes to continue talking with me.

And finally, coworker 4. I informed Beth that he hadn't contacted me after calling me a bitch and being left on read. Nothing much to report there.

At this point, I asked Beth what the next steps would be. She explained that ideally, she would have asked me to remove the posts so that things could be handled discreetly, but I had already taken them down beforehand. She also mentioned that she would be meeting with coworkers 1 and 4 separately. Additionally, she informed me that coworker 3, due to his threatening comments, had been escorted out of the building while we were having our conversation. Fired on the spot. Turns out, he had a track record for temper-related issues, and this incident was the final straw.

Beth wanted to know why I hadn't brought up coworkers 2, 3, and 4 before. To which I responded by quoting the harassment section of the company handbook. According to that, harassment is defined as repeated unwanted comments or actions. A single event is usually not considered harassment unless it's extremely severe. So, since my interactions with those three were isolated incidents, I didn't think it was necessary to report them.

Eventually, Beth asked if I would be more comfortable taking a personal day for the rest of the day while she spoke to coworkers 1 and 4. She assured me that I wasn't being dismissed or fired, it was just a precautionary measure to ensure my safety in case either of them wanted to confront me. I agreed to take the day off.

And that's where things stand right now. Overall, the meeting went surprisingly well, and it seems like the company is taking my concerns seriously. Now, I'm just waiting to see what actions they take moving forward. So yeah, that's the TL;DR version of the meeting I had with HR.
------
Alright, look here folks. I've been scrolling through this subreddit for a while now, and I just came across this thread that's making my brain hurt. Seriously, what are you guys even talking about? The whole idea of causality and free will is giving me a headache. But I'll humor you for a moment and give my two cents on this nonsense.

So, some of you are saying that the laws of physics cause everything to happen, right? Like, particles and forces just follow these laws and bam, stuff happens. And then there are others who are all like, nah, particles don't cause anything, they just follow the laws, man. It's the laws themselves that do the causing. Honestly, it's like you guys are arguing in circles.

But here's the thing, you can't escape causality, my friends. It's like a never-ending cycle. We explain things with causes because it's what we do, in science and everyday life. But does that mean causality is fundamental? Who knows? I mean, I sure as hell don't.

And don't even get me started on this whole free will business. Some of you are saying that option 3 in this thought experiment allows for self-determination. But let me break it down for you. If the same variables produce different outcomes, what other explanation is there besides probability? It's just plain randomness, my dudes. And randomness ain't no freedom. It's just chaos.

And let's not forget about determinism. You say that the soul determines its own nature through its choices. But here's the kicker, what determined its original nature? Huh? It couldn't have determined itself because it can't come before its own existence. So, every subsequent decision is a result of its original nature and the environment it's in. Just think about that for a second.

Now, some of you are arguing that free will exists outside the realm of laws and physics. But come on, guys, that's just wishful thinking. The universe operates according to laws, and we know it. To claim otherwise is just plain dumb. And hoping that free will is hiding in the gaps of our understanding, despite all the evidence against it, is just intellectual suicide.

So, in conclusion, I don't know why you guys are going off on this tangent. Causality, free will, it's all just a big mess. Maybe we should just stick to what we can actually understand and stop trying to find hidden meanings in everything. Trust me, it'll save you a lot of headache. Peace out, Reddit.
------
Hey, what the hell are you even talking about? All that shit with Freddie and Fanny went down under Bush's watch, along with his treasury secretary and some other guy. Yeah, those Republicans who had all the power at the time managed to crash the economy and bring us damn close to an economic collapse with their ridiculous economic policies.

You should really try learning some actual facts instead of spouting off your clueless non-factual rewrite of history, fam. Let me help you out, here's a starting point: the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac was when the government took over those two government-sponsored enterprises because they couldn't manage their shit. This happened in September 2008 during the whole subprime mortgage crisis mess.

At a press conference on September 6, 2008, this dude named James B. Lockhart III, who was the director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA), announced that he was putting those two GSEs into conservatorship. And guess what? The United States Treasury Secretary at the time, Henry Paulson, fully supported this move. He straight up said that conservatorship was the only way he was gonna throw taxpayer money at those GSEs. He also blamed their fucked-up business model and the ongoing housing correction for the whole mess.

But hey, let's not forget that Fannie and Freddie got themselves into trouble in the first place because of Bush and the rest of the GOP. They directed those GSEs to get involved in some risky practices under the 2003 American Downpayment Act. This act basically made it way too easy to buy a house without proving your income or even putting a damn downpayment. And guess what happened? Yup, the whole thing collapsed.

So yeah, it's the Republicans legislating their intervention that led to this economic shitshow. Maybe you should learn your history.

Oh, and even the uber conservative Heritage Foundation got pissed about this. They were all up in arms when the House considered this bill called the American Dream Downpayment Act. It would've required taxpayers to cough up $200 million a year to fund cash grants of up to $10,000 for people who wanted to buy a house but didn't want to bother saving for a downpayment. Can you believe that?

And let's not forget about Trump and his damn tax cuts. In just one year, those cuts added more federal debt than we've had in the past 200 freaking years. But hey, this is all just pretend play time for you, right?

Back in 1976, the public debt was around $477.4 billion, and the gross federal debt was just under $629 billion. Now compare that to Trump's record. In 2017, when Trump was the president for almost the entire year and the Republicans were running Congress, the amount of public debt added was around $497.8 billion, and the gross federal debt added was about $666.3 billion.

So yeah, under Republican control in 2017, we added more debt than we had accumulated by the end of 1976. Scarborough's statement was freaking right.

Want some sources? Here, I'll toss you a few URLs:

[URL 1]
[URL 2]
[URL 3]
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? Just wanted to jump in here and talk about this whole "new law" in France that everyone's been going on about. Now, before we all start freaking out and going crazy, let's take a closer look at what's really going on.

So, apparently, there's this new law in France that says students can't use their phones in certain schools and during educational activities outside of school. But hold up, is this really a big deal? I mean, teachers have been confiscating phones since like forever. It's just their way of saying, "Hey, this is my classroom and my rules, so put that phone away!"

But wait, there's more. This so-called "new law" is basically just clarifying the existing rules that have been in place since 2010. So, it's not really changing anything, it's just making it crystal clear that teachers have the authority to take your precious phone away. And let's be real, they've been doing it anyway, because who wants a bunch of students Snapchatting in class?

Now, here's the real tea. While everyone is busy talking about this phone ban, let's not forget that our environment minister, Nicolas Hulot, just up and resigned. Yeah, you heard me right. He straight up quit his job because he felt like he couldn't win the fight against those big bad industrial lobbies. And guess what? He wasn't getting any support from his own government and colleagues either. Talk about a slap in the face.

I don't know about you, but I find it pretty damn uncomfortable that the guy in charge of protecting our environment just threw in the towel. He gave a moving speech on live radio, admitting that he felt like he failed. And you know why? It's because of every single one of us. We're all responsible for this mess. And what do we do? We get distracted by this phone ban nonsense.

So, maybe instead of obsessing over whether or not little Timmy can text his bae during math class, we should be focusing on the bigger issues. Like, I don't know, the fact that our environment is going down the drain and no one seems to care. Our own government is more interested in appeasing the almighty industrialists and keeping our capitalist economy chugging along, even if it means the destruction of our planet.

But hey, who am I to rain on everyone's parade? Let's go back to arguing about phones at school. It's such a riveting topic, isn't it? Maybe I'll even write a ridiculously long comment about it, just to add fuel to the fire. Because clearly, that's the most pressing issue of our time.

Alright, rant over. I hope y'all can see where I'm coming from with this. Let's not get caught up in the hype and start focusing on what really matters. And in case you missed it, sources are provided right there in the post. So, if you want to fact-check me or whatever, go for it.

Peace out, my fellow Redditors! Keep scrolling and keep it real.
------
Wow, thanks for sharing your thoughts. I appreciate everyone who commented before me, but this situation really hits close to home for me. I recently had a similar conversation with my partner about wanting to take a different path in life, and it's been a rollercoaster of emotions ever since. It's tough when you feel like you're at a crossroads between following your own dreams and staying in a relationship that you cherish.

First off, let me say that it's completely normal to have these feelings of uncertainty and the need for self-exploration. We're young and full of ambition, so it's only natural to wonder what our lives would be like if we took a different route. Society likes to push us into this cookie-cutter mold where we're supposed to settle down, get a stable job, and start a family. But hey, we're not cut from the same cloth, are we?

I understand your fear of leaving behind a job that you absolutely adore. It's incredible to have something that fulfills you professionally, but is it worth sacrificing your desire for adventure and personal growth? That's a tough call. I've had moments where I thought about just going for it, quitting my job, and traveling the world. But then reality kicks in, and the fear of losing my security blanket holds me back. It's a constant battle between what we want and what we think we should want.

And let's address the elephant in the room  your relationship. It's clear that you genuinely care about your partner, but it seems like you two have different timelines and aspirations. While she's ready to settle down and build a future together, you're yearning for new experiences and a chance to find yourself independently. These are valid desires, and it's important to acknowledge them.

You mentioned feeling like you're "too old" to pursue these dreams, but trust me, age is just a number. There are people out there who start their journeys of self-discovery in their 30s, 40s, and beyond. So don't let society's expectations dictate your choices. If you have the opportunity now to explore and grow, seize it with both hands.

I get it, though. Making this decision means potentially losing something great  a stable relationship, a loving partner, a comfortable life. But ask yourself, is it worth sacrificing your own happiness for the sake of someone else's? Relationships require compromise, but they can also suffocate us if we're not careful.

Take some time to truly evaluate what you want in life. Listen to your gut, because it's usually right. And don't beat yourself up for feeling unsure or conflicted. It's okay to prioritize your own needs and ambitions. If your partner truly loves you, they'll understand and support your decision, even if it's difficult for them.

In the end, remember that you're not alone in this journey. Many of us are struggling with similar dilemmas. So don't hesitate to reach out for advice or seek counsel from those who have been through similar situations. We're all just trying to figure out our own paths, and sometimes it takes a little detour to find our way back home.

Hang in there, my friend. Life has a funny way of working itself out. Trust your instincts, follow your heart, and embrace the adventures that await you. You deserve happiness and fulfillment, whatever that may look like for you. Best of luck on this incredible journey of self-discovery!
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! I gotta say, today has been a total write-off for me. My brain is fried, and any hope of getting anything productive done has gone out the window. But hey, since I'm here, let's talk about something that actually gets me excited because, let's face it, most people tap out when I start babbling about it.

So yeah, I can't really answer your specific questions because my interests and experience don't lie in stimulating growth or any of that fancy stuff. Nah, I'm all about bypassing the damaged neurological systems altogether. I'm talking about the nerve-electrode interface, the analog-digital conversion. It's like these two systems operate on different planets, man. Analog uses those positively charged ions like sodium, potassium, and calcium, whereas electrical circuitry is all about those electrons. It's mind-blowing to think about how they interact on the interface level alone, right?

But here's the kicker: imagine refining that interaction to a point where our good ol' organic nervous system can communicate with a digital neuroprosthetic. How cool would that be? Picture this: you could send and receive information using your brain and a super powerful robot hand without smashing a wineglass and causing a massive scene. That's what I'm talking about, dude! And lucky me, I managed to worm my way into my local dream lab where we're experimenting with peripheral nervous system stimulation and recording. We're even playing around with new techniques to stabilize neural growth. Exciting stuff!

Now, speaking of questions, I'm starting to think that we're dealing with a field that's less "keeping things close to the chest" and more "young and chaotic." Seriously, everybody I meet in this field seems to have just stumbled into it or found their passion for it later in life. We've got surgeons, endocrinologists, and then there's me -- an army vet who used to deal with bombs. Yeah, you heard that right. I was on the bomb squad, and now I'm knee-deep in electrical engineering and neurobiology for this exact field. Talk about a weird career trajectory, huh?

But let me tell you, it's not all bad. While my seniors might have more experience in their respective fields, I've had the luxury of honing my skills specifically for this badass specialization. They're often scrambling to catch up and learn things outside of their comfort zones, while I'm here thinking, "You guys need to step up your game!" No disrespect to them, though. They're doing their thing, and I respect that hustle.

So, if any of you have questions, fire away! It'll be good practice for me to articulate my research passions, especially when those grad school interviews start rolling in. Plus, it's always fun to ponder your prompts and see where the conversation takes us. Let's nerd out together, my friends!
------
This post is completely disrespectful and offensive. The language used is rude and dismissive, and it lacks any consideration for other people's feelings or experiences. It is important to remember that when engaging in online communities, we should always strive to be respectful and kind towards others.

The author of this post starts off by praising someone's advice on relationships and learning experiences. While this is a positive point, the tone quickly shifts to belittling anyone who feels that 24 is old enough to have a sense of who they want to be in life. They imply that if you feel this way, you must be in an environment that doesn't challenge you enough, and suggest that you should start doing things to explore and grow, both romantically and otherwise. While seeking personal growth is valuable, it is not fair to assume that someone's age automatically determines their level of self-discovery.

They go on to argue that leaving a relationship should not be based on how difficult it is to do so, comparing it to leaving an abusive relationship. While this point has some validity, it is not appropriate to compare different situations and dismiss the complexity of leaving a long-term, committed relationship. Each person's experience is unique, and it is essential to approach sensitive topics with empathy and understanding.

The author then disagrees with another person's comment about still being able to love their girlfriend. They claim that if someone stops loving another person, it means they never truly loved them to begin with. This statement is overly simplistic and fails to recognize the complexities of human emotions. Love can change and evolve over time, and it is unfair to invalidate someone's past feelings based on their present circumstances.

Furthermore, the author argues that relationships should rarely feel like work and suggests that people who believe relationships require effort simply haven't found the right partner. They push the idea that through trial and error, one will eventually find a relationship where both individuals are committed to each other's happiness and feel like they receive more than they give. While this may be an ideal scenario, it is unrealistic to expect that all relationships will fit this model. Relationships require effort, compromise, and growth from both parties involved. It is unhealthy to perpetuate the notion that relationships should be effortless and perfect from the start.

The author concludes by advising anyone who has been in a long-term relationship since their teenage years to consider ending it for the sake of personal growth. They assert that anyone over 30 who regrets not breaking up with their high school sweetheart has wasted their opportunity to improve their life. This perspective disregards the possibility of healthy and fulfilling long-term relationships and oversimplifies the complexities of human connections. It is important to remember that everyone's journey and priorities are different, and there is no one-size-fits-all solution for relationships.

In conclusion, this post is offensive, dismissive, and lacks empathy. It is crucial to approach discussions and interactions online with respect and kindness, considering the diverse range of experiences and perspectives that exist within any community. Let's strive to create a positive and inclusive environment where everyone feels heard and respected.
------
Yo, what's up everyone? So, I just gotta get something off my chest real quick. I've been seeing a lot of talk about tipping in this subreddit lately, and honestly, it's starting to piss me off. Like seriously, why is everyone so damn obsessed with tipping?

Okay, let's break this down. First off, yeah, I get it, waiters and waitresses rely on tips to make a living. But let's not act like they're doing some super hard job that deserves a fat wad of cash every time they bring you a damn plate of food. I mean, come on, it's not rocket science.

And don't even get me started on the whole "time spent" argument. Look, just because I spend 18-30 minutes in a restaurant doesn't mean the waiter is busting their ass for that entire time. They're not standing next to me the whole damn time, watching me eat like some creepy stalker. They have other tables to attend to, other customers to serve. It's not like they're missing out on some lucrative opportunity by waiting on me.

I mean, seriously, unless it's peak hours and the place is packed, the waiter is not losing money because of me. They're just not getting some extra cash they might have gotten if they were serving a bunch of high rollers. And you know what? Tough luck. That's not my problem. I'm just there to enjoy my meal, not be a cash cow for the waitstaff.

And let's not forget, folks, we don't tip for every damn service we receive in life. I've worked plenty of crappy jobs for minimum wage, where I got treated like crap, and guess what? No one tipped me for that. But do you see me whining about it? Nah, 'cause that's life, man.

I mean, seriously, think about it. Do you tip the cashier at the grocery store? Do you tip the person who helps you find something in a clothing store? No, you don't. So why the hell are waiters and waitresses so special? It's not like they're curing cancer or saving lives. They're just serving food, for crying out loud.

And let's not forget, there are places in the world where tipping isn't even a thing. Yeah, that's right, folks. In some countries, they actually pay their service workers a decent wage so they don't have to rely on tips. Shocking, I know. Maybe we should take a lesson from them instead of acting like tipping is the only way to be a decent human being.

Look, all I'm saying is, tipping shouldn't be mandatory. It should be a choice. If the service is exceptional, sure, throw them a few bucks. But if it's just average, or even below average, why should I be expected to shell out extra money? It's not like I'm getting exceptional service in return.

So, can we all just calm down with this tipping obsession? Let's focus on more important things in life, like enjoying our meals and not feeling pressured to cough up extra cash just because society says so. Respek to all the waitstaff out there, but I'll tip when I damn well feel like it.

Peace out, Reddit fam! Stay real.
------
Man, let me tell you about this awful experience I had with a different glasses store. So, I usually spend around 500 bucks on my glasses, but this time I went all fancy and decided to try somewhere else. Big mistake, dude. First of all, it took them six freakin' weeks to get my glasses ready instead of the promised 10 days. Can you believe that? Like, I needed my glasses ASAP because my distance vision was seriously messed up. And guess what? They got my prescription totally wrong! How hard is it to get a prescription right? It's like they didn't even care.

And don't even get me started on their customer service. Trying to contact the physical store was a nightmare. They were never available when I needed them and it was just so damn frustrating. And when I finally got my hands on those glasses, they made multiple mistakes with them. Like, did anyone even bother to check if they fit or worked for me? Nope, apparently not. I've been wearing glasses for over 20 freaking years, and this was hands down the worst experience ever.

Oh, and let's talk about how long it took to get my glasses done. Where I live, 10 days is already considered a long wait, but my buddies get their glasses in just five days, sometimes even less from the same store! What the hell? I guess I'm just unlucky or something. But you know what, my glasses need a bunch of modifications. Thinning the lenses is the biggest cost, but I gotta do it because I can't rock those super thick lenses, man.

But here's the thing, just because glasses look good doesn't mean they're comfortable. I've tried on so many pairs that looked amazing but felt like crap on my face. It's usually because of the stupid nose piece. Sometimes they dig into my skin and give me a headache. Ain't nobody got time for that, you know?

Now, I'm thinking of trying this supposedly cheaper place next time I need glasses. But only if I'm really, really happy with them. That one time I strayed away from my usual store messed me up so bad, I can't trust other opticians anymore. So, I'm willing to pay a bit more for peace of mind, even if it means skipping a few coffees for a while.

And speaking of cheap, let me tell you about the attitude of these glasses stores. Some of them act like it's no big deal if your glasses break because they're so cheap. Like, seriously? The only time I ever broke my glasses was my own fault, but still, I expect good quality, you know? And guess what, my usual store fixes them for free, no questions asked. I can go in with a broken lens and walk out with a fixed pair the very next day. That's the kind of service I'm talkin' about.

So, I was checking out this other website, right? And they won't even tell you where they ship until you're about to pay. Talk about shady, man. And their minimum 21-day shipping? Are you kidding me? That could easily turn into months if something goes wrong. And let me tell you, I ain't about that life. Going too cheap with glasses would just make me uneasy. I mean, frugal isn't always about spending the absolute least, you know what I'm sayin'?

Honestly, next time I might just use my old frames and save myself some cash. Like, I could get two pairs of frames for a crazy low price. The rest of the cost is all about those fancy modifications to the lenses. Gotta have that anti-glare and thinned-down stuff, you know? But reusing frames, man, that'll cut my costs by like 130 bucks. Now that's what I call a sweet deal.

So yeah, that's my rant about my glasses disaster. Learn from my mistakes, people. Stick with what you know works and don't go chasing after the shiny promises of other stores. It's just not worth the hassle. Stay fresh, my friends.
------
Hey, so I think you might have ADHD or some attention deficit thing going on. I mean, I have it too (I got diagnosed by a legit psychiatrist, just sayin'), and I noticed that when I have caffeine, I actually manage to focus a little better. And get this, if I take a higher dose of my Adderall (yeah, it's an amphetamine), I can actually fall asleep! Crazy, right?

Basically, ADHD is like having a messed up chemical balance in your brain that makes it hard for you to be present in the moment, no matter what situation you're in. And there are a bunch of reasons why this happens and a whole lot of debates on what causes ADHD (nature versus nurture, you know). But one common thing is that ADHD peeps tend to lack dopamine or have weird dopamine releases.

Some people think that ADHD is actually an evolutionary trait from back in the day when we were all hunters and warriors and stuff. Our brains didn't really need to do complex tasks or handle boring, low-risk, long-term reward stuff. We needed bursts of intense focus or just zoning out completely. This helped us fight better under stress, stay super aware of our surroundings, and made it hard for us to chill out.

But now, society has changed and having ADHD isn't exactly beneficial. We're expected to output and do it consistently, over and over again. And that's pretty damn tough for us ADHD peeps.

Living with ADHD in today's society often leads to depression and anxiety because we don't get enough of those high-reward, high-risk situations that our brains are wired for. Just imagine trying to work some lame office job in a tiny cubicle when all you wanna do is daydream about all the cool shit you could be doing instead. And no matter how hard you try, you keep getting distracted within minutes. It's like a never-ending struggle to stay on track. Every. Single. Task.

So, that's where the amphetamines, caffeine, video games, shitty food, sex, gambling, and all that come in. They give our brains that "reward" they so desperately crave. By calming down our brains and satisfying the yearning for dopamine release, we can actually focus on what's happening in front of us instead of constantly daydreaming about something else. That's why coffee can make you sleepy, by the way. Your brain finally gets that reward and can calm the hell down.

It's kinda like living in a constant state of withdrawal from a drug that you naturally don't produce enough of. You shouldn't have to go searching for intense activities or stressful events just to feel better. But that's how it is for us ADHD peeps. We're always looking for distractions or something to make us feel better about our situation instead of tackling it head-on.

And there you have it, my friend. That's ADHD in a nutshell. It's like riding an unbroken horse that's constantly trying to run away from you. But hey, at least now you know why caffeine and amphetamines work for us ADHD peeps. So go ahead, grab a coffee, pop an Adderall, and enjoy the focus, my friend.
------
[Disclaimer: The following response is purely fictional and does not reflect the views or opinions of the writer.]

Yo, what's up fellow gun enthusiasts? I just had to hijack this post real quick to vent about something that's been bugging me. So, I'm a proud gun owner, ain't no shame in my game. Got myself a badass collection of 9 guns, ranging from old-school WWII rifles to those modern military black rifles that make you feel like a total badass.

Now, here's the thing that really grinds my gears. I don't hunt, never have, never will. I just can't bring myself to kill innocent animals. But for some reason, that seems to ruffle the feathers of these anti-gun folks. They're all like, "If you ain't hunting, why the hell do you need guns?" Well, sorry to burst your bubble, but I just happen to love firearms without wanting to take a life, alright? Is that such a crime?

But you know what's even more messed up? Canadian gun laws, man. They're like a big ol' question mark. They're so darn vague, it's like trying to decipher a cryptic message while blindfolded. And get this, it's freaking up to the discretion of the law enforcement officers to decide how they wanna enforce these vague laws. One day, they tell you your weapons are perfectly legal, and the next, they're confiscating your guns and slapping you with criminal charges. Talk about a rollercoaster ride from hell.

Let me give you an example of this craziness. So, there's this whole issue with beowulf magazines. There isn't even a specific law regarding them, it's just some memo from the RCMP saying they're legal but prohibited at the same damn time. Like, make up your mind, will ya? It's enough to make your head spin.

And hold up, it gets even worse. The classification of weapons? Yeah, that's up to the RCMP too, not the elected officials. So, they can just wake up one day and decide that a rifle you legally bought is now prohibited, turning law-abiding gun owners into overnight criminals. Like, seriously? Remember that whole Swiss arms and CZ fiasco? People dropped big bucks on those guns, only for them to be suddenly declared prohibited. Thank goodness they eventually got overturned, but still, it's a total nightmare for us responsible citizens who just wanna exercise our rights without breaking the bank.

And don't even get me started on the prohibited weapons list, man. Some of those entries don't make a lick of sense. I mean, they literally list guns by name, including freakin' prototype guns that were never even available for purchase. Oh, and let's not forget the "scary-looking" guns like the spaz12. Like, really? Are we judging guns by their cover now? And what's the deal with home-made guns from other countries being illegal? It's all so arbitrary and nonsensical.

But wait, there's more stupidity to behold. Check this out: you can legally own a bullpup rifle, you know, those ones with the magazine and firing mechanism behind the trigger. But if you buy a kit to turn a legal rifle into a bullpup, suddenly it becomes a prohibited weapon. Are you kidding me? Can somebody please explain the logic behind that one? 'Cause I sure as hell can't wrap my head around it.

Look, if you talk to most Canadian gun owners, you'll find that we're pretty reasonable peeps. We ain't out here asking for automatics, silencers, or drum magazines. All we want is some freakin' clear and concise laws that actually make sense. Is that too much to ask? Just make it easy for us to follow the damn law, instead of leaving us stuck in this frustrating gray area where we could accidentally become criminals based on which law enforcement officer we bump into that day.

Alright, rant over. Thanks for letting me get that off my chest, y'all. Keep on shootin' and stay safe out there! Peace.
------
Okay, so here's the deal. I'm not some fancy expert or anything, just a regular person who happens to be into psych and stuff. But hey, let me give you my two cents on your problem.

Seems like you've got this learned helplessness thing going on, on a whole other level. Your brain is playing tricks on you, making you think people are mad at you when they're really not. And to top it off, your emotions are going haywire and making everything feel even worse. It's like OCD, where doing a certain ritual reinforces the false belief that it actually works.

Now, there are treatments out there that might help with this mess. In my not-so-expert opinion, I'd suggest looking into DBT skills and schema focused therapy. Oh, and don't forget the mindfulness component, that's supposed to be a big deal. But here's the catch, there are so many programs out there claiming to be DBT-oriented, but they're really a load of garbage. So be careful and find a legit one that will actually do you some good.

DBT and schema focused therapy should help you chill out a bit, regulate your emotions, and get better at dealing with people. Basically, it'll teach you how to handle your feelings before they go off the rails, so you don't end up in meltdown city all the time. And once you've got that down, you can work on fixing those wonky appraisal mechanisms of yours.

But hey, I'm just scratching the surface here. There's a whole world of books about this stuff if you really want to dive in. So, shoot me a PM if you've got any questions or want more info.

Good luck, my friend!
------
Hey there! So, I see you're starting out with eye makeup and you've got some questions. That's cool, we all start somewhere! But let me tell you, your post gave me a bit of a headache. No offense, but can you please try to use some proper punctuation and break up your thoughts a little? It's hard to follow what you're saying.

Okay, so let's talk about eye primer, since that seems to be a point of confusion for you. Eye primer isn't meant to cover your freckles, it's actually there to make sure your eyeliner and eyeshadow stay in place and don't smudge all over the damn place. Trust me, those waterproof pencils won't do much without primer. You gotta make sure to rub that primer all over your eyelids where you'll be applying your liner. Oh, and if you haven't already, invest in a good waterproof pencil. I swear by Urban Decay 24/7 or L'Oreal Infallible. They work great with primer, unlike those cheap-ass ones. Oh, and I've heard good things about NYX slide on pencils, but never tried 'em myself. Just a tip, mate.

Now, I noticed you mentioned your freckles on your lids. Honestly, they don't seem that noticeable to me. Maybe they won't bother you once you've applied your makeup for a while. Personally, I like letting my freckles show through my foundation. It gives me a more youthful look, you know? I use a dewy sheer base, and it works wonders. Also, there are shimmery eye primers out there, but you can also find basic ones that won't show up at all.

Alright, now let's get into making our eyes look bigger. One trick is to have it darker on the outer corners and lighter on the inner corners. If you add some eyeliner along your upper lash line, it'll define your eyes and make your lashes look thicker. What I like to do is thicken up the line towards the outer corner and bring it higher so that just a little bit shows, ya know? It gives it that normal liner look and defines the outer corner nicely. And make sure to taper it down towards the middle of the eye, so it gets thinner. Trust me, it's a game-changer.

Now, onto the eyeshadow. I recommend using a small brush since our eyes are small, and we don't wanna look like clowns with oversized makeup. Pat on the darker shadow with your eyes open, just below your eye socket. You should be able to feel your eyeball and where the socket ends. Don't bring your daily work eyeshadow all the way up to the end of the socket/eyeball. Instead, brush on a little matte dark eyeshadow there. For the rest of the lid, go for a shimmery coppery or orangey shade, or something like toasted. The key here is to blend the darker color with the lighter one really well, so you don't see a harsh line between the eyeshadow and your skin. Got it? Great!

A lot of people with our eye shape do a cat flick, but I find that a puppy dog liner style makes my eyes look bigger. And filling in that little outer corner with the pencil liner? Game changer, my friend.

Now, when it comes to eyeshadows, start with sheerer, less pigmented shades that are closer to your skin tone. Get comfortable with eyeshadow application first before you go wild. If you wanna have some fun, try applying a darker shade just to define your lash line, and then top it off with a glittery or bright eyeliner. Trust me, it'll make your eyes pop!

As for buying eyeshadows, I suggest hitting up the drugstore and experimenting with some on-sale or cheaper quads and duos. Try different undertones, finishes, and colors. Or hey, ask a friend if you can play around with their collection. It's a great way to figure out what flatters you without breaking the bank. And honestly, expensive brushes aren't always necessary. I've had just as much success with ELF and Joe Fresh brushes.

So there you have it, my friend! I hope this helps you out. Sorry if I came off a bit rude, I'm just a casual Reddit user trying to help out. Good luck with your eye makeup adventures!
------
Alright, listen up ya'll. I stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, y'all are making a big deal out of nothing. Seriously, it's like you're all crying over spilled milk. Let me break it down for you in the simplest terms possible.

So, there's this thing called canceling an upgrade by clicking on the tech lab, right? It's not rocket science, people. Just a simple click and you're good to go. So when you start whining about being "cockblocked" by this click, it's frickin' laughable. Like, seriously? Are you that lazy that clicking somewhere else for 0.5 seconds is gonna ruin your life?

And don't even get me started on the whole lift-off situation. You guys act like changing the hotkey is gonna solve all your problems. Newsflash: it ain't! The hotkey to lift-off is universal, my friends. And guess what? You're probably never gonna find yourself in a situation where you need to lift off a building while researching a hotkey. It's just not gonna happen. So quit acting like it's a big deal.

Now let's talk about this analogy nonsense. Look, I get it. Analogies can be useful and all, but come on. You can make an analogy for anything. I could compare your complaints about canceling upgrades to forgetting to transform your warp gates. It's all just a bunch of trivial stuff that doesn't really matter in the grand scheme of things.

And let's not forget about forcefields, because apparently they're important too. Fine, I'll give you that one. Forcefields require strategic decision making and all that jazz. But here's the thing, no terran is gonna feel strategically limited if they have to click one more time to cancel an upgrade. It's not gonna kill you, I promise.

And don't even try to bring up the argument that canceling stim because you were anxious to lift off the barracks is rare. Like, really? Who cares? That's not even the point here. We're talking about canceling upgrades by mistake, not some random scenario that hardly ever happens.

Look, I'm tired as hell right now, and it's way past my bedtime. But if y'all wanna keep this conversation going, I'll be back tomorrow. Just remember, in the grand scheme of things, this canceling upgrades drama ain't worth losing sleep over. Peace out, Reddit!
------
Look, I gotta be honest here. I'm scrolling through this subreddit and I stumble upon your post and I just can't help but shake my head in disbelief. I mean, come on dude, what are you even talking about?

You start off by saying that this guy won MVP last split and was the best support this split, and you act like it's a fact. Well, newsflash buddy, it's not. MVP votes and all pro votes are flawed as hell because the voters don't even know what they're talking about half the time. Seriously, some of these people couldn't even name the starting rosters for all 10 teams. So how can we trust their opinions on who the best support is?

And yeah, I get it, Aphro had a decent split this summer, but let's not get ahead of ourselves here. NA had a terrible split for supports overall, so it's not like he's head and shoulders above every other support out there. He might be number one by default, but that doesn't really mean much.

Oh, and by the way, I've seen your other comments and it's pretty clear that you're just an Aphro fanboy. I mean, seriously, can you be any more biased? And don't even get me started on the whole 100T coaching situation. You're trying to make it seem like they're trying their best to be the best team possible, but that's just not the case.

Let's talk facts here. 100T decided to sub out Ssumday and Meteos for Rift Rivals, their first international experience as an organization. And guess what? At that time, their roster was second in the spring split. That decision directly caused Meteos to question his future on the team and start looking for backup plans. And what does 100T do? They trade him away for a clear downgrade. Yeah, great decision-making right there.

And let's not forget about Cody Sun. One day before the semi-finals, they decide to bench him and not even bring him into the studio as a potential sub. Like, are you kidding me? That is some serious mismanagement right there. It could have been handled so much better, but no, they just had to go and screw it up.

Honestly, I could go on and on about all the boneheaded decisions this team has made, but I've got work to do. I hope you actually take the time to read this and maybe, just maybe, consider the fact that your logic is flawed and your biases are showing. But hey, who am I kidding? You probably won't even bother reading all of this because, according to you, I'm just an "immature person on Reddit." Well, guess what? I couldn't care less what you think. Peace out.
------
Hey, I totally get where you're coming from with this argument, but I have to disagree on a few points. First off, just because the Bible says something is wrong doesn't mean we automatically feel guilty for doing it. Our sense of morality comes from a lot of different sources, not just religious texts. And let's be real here, the Bible says a lot of things that seem pretty outdated and contradictory. Take the whole "women not being allowed to speak in public" thing, for example. We obviously don't follow that today because our moral compass tells us that it's not right to restrict someone's voice based on their gender.

And yeah, sure, some people might argue for disbelief in God simply because they want to do whatever they please without feeling guilty. But I think that's oversimplifying things a bit. People's belief systems are shaped by a lot more than just a desire for freedom. There are logical arguments, personal experiences, and plenty of other factors that come into play.

Now, let's talk about homosexuality as a sin. I find it really hard to accept that something as loving and pure as two people of the same sex being in a relationship could be considered wrong. It just doesn't sit well with me, even though I'm not personally affected by it. That's actually one of the reasons I left my religion. I couldn't agree with something that seemed so inherently unfair. My decision wasn't about wanting to commit a "sin," it was about empathy and fairness towards my fellow human beings.

But on the topic of fairness, I think it's important to remember that our feelings alone shouldn't determine what's true or not. Sure, your gut reaction might tell you that something is abhorrent, but that doesn't automatically make it false. We have to consider that our minds are limited, and there might be things beyond our comprehension. However, that doesn't mean we should blindly follow everything the church or the Bible says. If the Bible told us to kill all nonbelievers, I hope we'd all agree that's abhorrent and reject it.

I applaud you for recognizing and getting rid of those harmful habits you mentioned. That takes a lot of strength and self-awareness. But here's the thing, is it really just the Bible that makes those actions shameful? I think there's a deeper reason behind it. It's not just about what the Bible says, but about how those actions harm others or ourselves in the long run. When you hurt people and felt bad afterwards, was it solely because the Bible says it's wrong, or was it because you genuinely hurt someone and felt remorse?

Now, empathy is a tricky thing. It's definitely not the sole guiding principle of life, because if it were, it could potentially lead to extreme cruelty. But I think it's important to note that empathy is the opposite of cruelty. Someone with high empathy would naturally strive to alleviate suffering and make others happy. So, in a way, empathy acts as a safeguard against cruelty, rather than a catalyst for it.

You mentioned how people weigh the benefit they'll receive against the guilt they'll feel when deciding to do something immoral. And you're right, that's why there are so many evil actions in the world. People often prioritize their own desires and benefits over considering the harm they might cause. But hey, that's not just limited to a theistic worldview, it's a universal human tendency. We all have our temptations and sometimes the benefits seem too good to pass up, regardless of our belief system.

And finally, you said that denying that guilt can be a powerful reason for our moral beliefs is false. Well, I don't completely disagree with you on that. Guilt can definitely play a huge role in shaping our morals. But I think it's important to recognize that guilt alone isn't the reason why we believe something is right or wrong. It's just one piece of the puzzle. For example, your parents probably taught you that killing is wrong, but you wouldn't say killing is wrong "just because my parents said so," right? There's a deeper understanding of the value of human life and the consequences of taking it away.

So, yeah, I just wanted to offer a different perspective on these matters. Morality is a complex and multi-faceted concept, and it's influenced by a lot more than just religious beliefs. It's about empathy, fairness, and a deep understanding of the consequences of our actions. And hey, let's keep this discussion respectful and open-minded, alright?
------
Yo, what's up Reddit fam? I gotta say, there have been some good habits posted already that totally make sense, you know? Like saving up your damn money. It's all about having options, man. If you can't afford something, you're stuck buying cheap crap that just breaks all the freakin' time. Trust me, that shit ends up costing you more in the long run.

And hey, forget about keeping up with social norms if you can't afford it. Seriously, who cares what other people think? All these social media zombies are just obsessed with showing off their fancy shit. Materialistic lifestyle and vanity, it's all messed up. We need to get our priorities straight, bro.

But here's the thing, affording something ain't the same as being able to buy it. You gotta be responsible, dude. Think about all the extra costs that come with owning stuff. Like a car, man, it ain't just the sticker price. You got gas, oil changes, maintenance, repairs, all that jazz. Don't be fooled by the initial cost, think about the overall life cost, ya feel me?

Oh, and here's a bomb-ass habit that someone else already mentioned - think about the cost of something in terms of time. Calculate your hourly wage, and suddenly that shit ain't $50, it's 2 hours of your life. Is that item worth 2 whole freakin' hours of your precious time? Or do you gotta work 2 hours just to buy that crap? It keeps things real, man, helps you appreciate the value of your hard-earned money.

Here's a little trick I used when I was starting out and struggling. I created a baseline for myself, like what's the minimum I need to survive and live comfortably? How much is my electricity bill if I stop wastin' energy and unplug everything? How much food do I really need to keep from starving but not turn into a damn glutton? And then I added that shit up over a few months to get my average. That's my survival line, bro. Everything I spend above that is straight-up luxury. Entertainment, snacks, desserts, all the non-essential stuff, man. When I do splurge, I know it's because I want it, not because I need it. And I know exactly how much I'm overspending.

Doing this for a while, I managed to save up some cash and get my shit together. I don't need to pinch every penny anymore, but these habits stuck with me. They're part of who I am now, you know? And because I've lived that frugal life, I can always put things in perspective and bring myself back on track if I start slippin'. I'll never forget what I can get by on and how much that actually costs me.

So, there you have it, folks. Those are some tips from a fellow Redditor who's been through the struggle. Take 'em or leave 'em, but I promise they'll help you get your money game on point. Stay frugal, stay smart, and don't let the materialistic world drag you down.

Peace out!
------
Yo, what the actual hell is wrong with you, man? I mean, seriously, you gotta be some kind of special to come on here and spew this kind of garbage. Do you honestly think anyone cares about your sob story? Newsflash, buddy: nobody gives a flying f*ck about your pain or how tough you think you are.

And let's talk about your self-proclaimed "sharp mind." If you were so damn smart, you wouldn't be wasting your time arguing with random strangers on the internet. Trust me, nobody here is impressed by your supposed intellect. In fact, you just come off as a pompous know-it-all who thinks they're better than everyone else.

Oh, and congratulations on your little survival skills, MacGyver. You can grow your own food and survive without legs. Well, good for you, I guess. But guess what? The rest of us don't need your condescending attitude. Just because you can handle your shit doesn't mean you get to look down on everyone else.

And here we go with the government-bashing. Look, I get it, no government is perfect. But guess what again? We need them. Yeah, that's right. Without a government, we'd have absolute chaos. So stop acting like you're some kind of rebel hero fighting against the system. You're just another keyboard warrior who thinks they're smarter than everyone else.

But hey, if you're so anti-society and anti-government, why don't you just crawl back into your little survivalist hole and stay there? Yeah, that's right. Nobody wants to deal with you and your high and mighty attitude. Go live in the woods or whatever the hell you wanna do. Just leave the rest of us normal, functioning members of society alone.

And don't even get me started on your claim that you're making your community better. I highly doubt that, considering you're sitting here insulting people on Reddit. Maybe instead of talking big on the internet, you should actually go out and do something productive. Or better yet, why don't you try being a decent human being for once?

So, in conclusion, take your holier-than-thou attitude and shove it where the sun don't shine. Nobody here is buying your tough guy act, and we certainly don't need your negativity and insults. The world would be better off without people like you spreading their toxic BS around. So, do us all a favor and go bother someone else. Peace out, loser.
------
Hey, so I came across this post and I can't help but roll my eyes at the title. Seriously? We're really going to compare teaching religion to children with teaching them about sexuality? Come on now.

First of all, religious education isn't about telling kids what religion to follow or what they should believe in. It's about cultural awareness and helping them understand the different beliefs and practices that exist in the world. It's not like we're shoving a particular religion down their throats and telling them they have to follow it. So let's get our facts straight.

On the other hand, teaching kids about sexuality is a whole different ball game. Why should we confuse kids about their sexuality at such a young age? Let them grow up and figure things out for themselves. It's not necessary to introduce them to homosexuality or any specific sexual orientation for that matter. They'll learn about it when they're ready.

And let's not forget about that book, "And Tango Makes Three." Look, I think it's the responsibility of the parents to vet through the books before allowing their children to read them. It's not the library's fault for moving it to the adult section. They are a public library funded by taxpayers, and they have to consider the majority will of the people. If the majority believes that exposure to homosexuality is not appropriate for children, then that's how public institutions are going to act. It's as simple as that.

Now, I know some of you might argue that sex education is taught around the age of 15, so why not teach kids about homosexuality? Well, guess what? Teens around the age of 15 are still children. Their parents still have a right to decide what kind of education they want their kids to have, especially on sensitive topics like sexuality. It's not educational censorship, it's called parental rights.

And don't even get me started on this whole wedding cake controversy. There are two types of weddings, plain and simple. It's not rocket science. If a business owner doesn't want to participate in an event that goes against their religious views, they have every right to decline. It's not discrimination based on identity, it's a matter of personal beliefs.

You can throw anti-discrimination laws at me all day long, but it doesn't change the fact that this wasn't discrimination. Nobody was denied service based on their identity. The gay couple could have asked for a birthday cake and they would have received it. A straight couple could have asked for a cake for their gay friends' wedding and they would have been denied. So where's the discrimination in that?

In fact, there was another case where a bakery was asked to write "homosexuality is a detestable sin" on a cake and they refused. Did they get sued? Nope. The commission found that they did not discriminate. So refusing to write biblical verses on a cake is not discrimination, but refusing to bake a cake for a gay wedding is? Give me a break.

So yeah, let's stop playing the victim card here. If you don't want to abide by the laws in place, then don't open a business. It's as simple as that. And if you want a specific cake that goes against someone's beliefs, find another bakery that will fulfill your request. Let's stop trying to force our beliefs on others and respect each other's choices. It's not that hard.
------
Hey guys, can we please stop with all this Dem vs Repub and SJW vs alt-right crap? Seriously, it's getting old. I'm not here to argue for any of these groups. What I want is a more sensible economy, one that's not all about unfettered capitalism but rather a socialistic capitalism that's balanced and gives workers more freedom and economic security. You know, like FDR style mixed economics.

And let me tell you, there's no such thing as this so-called "today's left." It's just a figment of your imagination. Sure, there may be some moronic social engineering trend called SJWism, but don't go calling it leftism because that's not what it is. People are brainwashed, man. Don't act all surprised, you're brainwashed too if you believe that shill you're following.

But let's get back to the man, the myth, the legend - Bernie Sanders. He wasn't pushing for "free shit" to steal from you, okay? Your money is nothing but a drop in the bucket. And guess what? There's no such thing as free. The word is just used for simplicity's sake. Workers and taxpayers work hard for their money, and that money goes towards socialized single-payer universal healthcare. You know, something way better than that crappy Obamacare that's just crony capitalist profiteering. It's all about socializing the risks and privatizing the profits while ripping off the tax payer. There's a big difference, my friend.

Universal healthcare benefits the whole damn nation by providing affordable healthcare that's free from all those big pharma and insurance company scams. It's about having cheaper and better healthcare, just like the rest of the western world. Well, some of them aren't as socialized, but still better than the messed up system we've got here in the good ol' US of A.

And let me just say this, essential services are not free shit, alright? It's about taking care of your fellow countrymen and women, and everyone chips in. Especially those damn elites who hoard everything and give nothing back. You know what? This actually makes the country more efficient. Healthier, happier workers without all that bullshit debt have more time for business ideas and spending time with their families. It's a win-win situation, my friends.

Now, why the hell should we be kissing corporations' asses? They're the reason we're all fucked up in the first place, bribing our government and all that jazz. Screw 'em, man. I say let's replace them with small and medium businesses that can compete without all those damn monopolies and cronyist interference.

Oh, and those big corporations? They should be hit with a 40% tax bracket, no doubt about it. They're making a boatload of money and they've been using our public infrastructure and workers to get shit done. I'm not saying we should dismantle all businesses here, but come on, let's put an end to this super greed. These corporate CEOs making hundreds or thousands of times more money than their employees, it's sickening. And you know what's even worse? The NWO, man. It's like economic slavery on steroids. We need better jobs through innovation, affordable college, and strong regulations against all those unethical business practices. Obama tried using taxes for profit, but it wasn't as efficient as a non-cronyist social democracy, you feel me?

And here's another thing, if a company can't afford to pay decent wages, then they deserve to go out of business. Yeah, I know we shouldn't treat small businesses and corporations the same, maybe startups can get some assistance if they've got a good idea going. But improving the economy for the average Joe with equal opportunity, not forced opportunity, will make people better off financially. And hey, when you have more small and medium businesses competing with those bastard monopolies, things start to change. I'd even go as far as breaking up those huge corporations into smaller businesses to reduce their ridiculous power.

And don't even get me started on that "give tax breaks to billionaires" bullshit. Seriously, it's been tried for over 30 years since Reagan, and look where it's gotten us. Income inequality has skyrocketed, man. The middle class? Well, let's just say it's pretty much nonexistent now. The newer generations are even more screwed than the ones before. We need a more balanced economy, and screw those traitor corporations who moved jobs to poorer countries just to set up sweatshops for more profit. That's why I say let's not give in to the demands of sociopath globalist corporations. Let's get some small and medium businesses going and get the money out of politics so these corporations can't bribe the government into making themselves untouchable. It's a win-win situation for everyone, except for those damn parasite elites. No wonder the entire corporate media always shits on Bernie Sanders 24/7. They'd rather have a corporatist like Reagan than a balanced social democrat like FDR, someone who's pro-business but also pro-worker.

So there you have it, folks. My rant about the state of our economy and why we need to kick some serious ass to make things right. Let's fight for a more sensible economy, one that's not controlled by corporations and greed. Who's with me?
------
Hey folks,

So, I just had the weirdest experience with my elderly neighbors and I need some advice. Let me set the scene for you: my husband and I live in this older condo building where most of our neighbors are seniors. They're a nice bunch, and they all know and trust my husband because he used to be the building super. Now, since he's not working, he's been doing odd jobs for some of the residents for a little extra cash.

Enter this sweet couple in their 80s. They've always been friendly, always stopping to chat with us whenever we cross paths. I actually enjoy talking to the husband because he's one of the few people I can practice my German with. And they're always together, always smiling, and always seem happy.

But here's the thing - we've noticed that they don't have much. No kids, they always wear the same clothes, and they walk everywhere. It's clear that they aren't living the high life. Turns out, their unit actually belongs to their nephew, who lets them stay there for next to nothing. The nephew brings them groceries and checks up on them regularly.

Now, my husband has helped them out before, doing small tasks like changing light bulbs and filters. He's always refused to take money from them for these little jobs. But yesterday, they reached out to him to replace some door knobs in their unit. No biggie, right? Well, things took an unexpected turn.

When my husband was there replacing the door knobs, he noticed a few things. First, there were two more door knobs that needed replacing. He agreed to do them as well. But then, he entered the bedrooms and saw something strange - both rooms were filled with shopping bags from this fancy department store. Like, what the heck?

And get this - we live so close to that store that it's just a 10-minute walk away. I've even seen them there before. It's where local seniors go to chill and wander around. So, that got us thinking - are they actually financially comfortable and just frivolously spending their money? Or is their financial situation more complicated than it seems?

Anyways, my husband finished the job, and when it came time to pay, he told them it'd be 25 bucks per knob. Each knob cost 20 bucks, so it wasn't too much of a charge. But when he got home and counted the money, they'd given him double what they owed him. He promptly went back to their place and tried to return the excess cash, but the wife insisted it was a "tip" for him.

Now, we're both kind of confused and uncomfortable about this whole situation. Is it possible that they just made a mistake and overpaid? Or could there be something more going on? We don't want to take advantage of them, but at the same time, we don't want to offend them by rejecting their generosity.

My husband plans to go back next week to replace the remaining door knob, and he's going to try to have a longer chat with them to see if he can gather any more information. We want to help if they're in a tough spot, but we also don't want to intrude too much. Asking for their nephew's contact info feels a bit awkward, you know?

So, my fellow Redditors, any advice? How should we handle this situation? We feel bad about taking so much money for such a simple job, and we're genuinely concerned for our neighbors now. Should we just keep an eye on them or is there something else we can do without being too nosy?

TL;DR: Our elderly neighbors paid my husband double for a simple job and insisted he keep the extra as a "tip." But here's the kicker - they live modestly, yet their bedrooms are filled with shopping bags from an expensive store. We're worried and don't know how to approach this. Help?
------
Hey guys, just wanted to drop my thoughts on a few things that have been discussed in this thread. First off, I have to say that I disagree with some of the points made here, and y'all really seem to go off the deep end a few times. Let's get into it.

Okay, so first up is the whole Roseanne situation. Look, I think some of you are really downplaying what she actually said. Yeah, Sarah Jeong said some nasty stuff too, but she claims it was just a reaction to harassment she received. I mean, come on, we've all said dumb shit online at some point. Shouldn't we give people the chance to grow and change? Unless they keep making those comments, associate with questionable groups, or engage in recent harassment incidents, we should cut them some slack.

Now, let's talk about James Damore. Personally, I don't agree with his firing, but I can understand why some people see diversity-driven hiring practices as necessary. The science on gender differences isn't super clear, and maybe some of the traits we think are "gendered" are actually just socialized over generations. It might be worth trying to correct that. I'm not a fan of government diversity mandates, but if a private company wants to practice some soft discrimination in hiring to encourage ambition in women, that's their call. However, firing Damore without having a discussion sets a bad precedent. Same goes for Smith.

I saw someone compare mistreatment of white people today to how people of color were treated 60 years ago. Seriously? We're not experiencing mob violence or police brutality like black folks did. To even suggest that the oppression white people face now is on par with what American blacks went through is insane. It's important to recognize that black people were enslaved, marginalized, and brutalized for centuries. We have to take this seriously and act upon it, just like we did with slavery and civil rights. Being called a Nazi for using Nazi slogans or losing out on a job to a qualified black woman is not even close to what black Americans have endured.

Let's touch on diversity and civil rights cultism contributing to the financial collapse. I'm aware of that, and it's one reason why I believe we need to move away from legislative paternalism. But hey, here's a thought: Maybe the reason white liberals can dismiss people like me is because they're more likely to be purebred and don't feel the need for a generalized racial identity. Think about it, "white" is basically a lower class in the American caste system.

Now, before you jump down my throat, I know people assume you're a Nazi because you say Nazi shit. But leaving that aside, I think there's something interesting here. Mixed American whites often identify primarily with their religion, which also correlates with specific European heritages. And yeah, I'm an atheist, but I still reference my Jewish heritage because it's both an ethnicity and a religion for me. We don't have the same shared sub-cultural experience as white people, like black Americans do. This could explain why black pride is acceptable while white pride isn't. Plus, "white pride" has become associated with white supremacists, whereas "black pride" or "gay pride" aren't linked to hate groups. It's about reclaiming dignity and pride after being robbed of it for so long.

Someone mentioned that the only long-term effects of the civil rights revolution have been negative. Look, racial tensions are higher now, but the situation has actually improved over time. If the black community is worse off now, it's likely due to economic factors rather than sociopolitical ones.

Lastly, I just wanted to touch on semantics, tone, and context. They matter in any real debate. You can't compare philosophical proofs and axioms to real-life discussions. And if someone's ethnicity doesn't matter, then I never want to hear the words "Nazi" or "white supremacist" ever again. But hold on, I'm not saying all whites are Nazis or anything like that. It's just that when you call someone a Nazi, you're specifically pointing out that person. When you say something like (((Marxism))), you're connecting a perceived negative to an entire group of people.

Anyway, thanks for taking the time to read my thoughts. I appreciate it. I'm always trying to be thoughtful and make people think about different perspectives. I want to challenge problematic ideas and strengthen my own arguments. And hey, if I'm saying something fucked up or based on a faulty premise, I want to know about it so I can learn and grow.

Oh, and one last thing for those looking to improve their arguments: Drop the 14 words and the echos. Seriously, there's no need for that neo-Nazi, anti-Semitic bullshit. Express your concerns without resorting to slogans coined by extremists. We can discuss our worries about the future without resorting to hate speech.

That's all from me, folks. Let's keep the conversation going, but remember to approach it in a respectful manner. Peace out!
------
Okay, so let's talk about this whole Let's Go thing. Like seriously, Nintendo, what were you thinking? First of all, these Let's Go titles were clearly meant for existing Pokemon Go players. I mean, duh! The target audience here is obviously people who either don't play Pokemon, or haven't played it in years but are now obsessed with Pokemon Go. But here's the thing, this target audience has no clue what the Manaphy event is. None!

The original poster made a valid point. Their post was clearly aimed at people who know what the Manaphy event is and would complain about Meltan. And you know what? One of the selling points of Let's Go was gaining access to this new Pokemon. It was hyped up from the start. They were like "Yo, check out Let's Go, you can get Meltan!" But guess what? They put that selling point behind Pokemon Go. Like, come on! Manaphy, on the other hand, was not a selling point for Diamond/Pearl. So why are they playing favorites here?

And have you seen Nintendo Switch Online's voice chat service? Yeah, it requires you to use a smartphone app. A freaking smartphone app! Are they serious? Nintendo, I thought we were past this. I've seen so many complaints about this, it's unreal. People want voice chat directly on the Switch, not on some stupid app. I get it, Nintendo wants us to have smartphones. But this whole marketing strategy is a joke.

Sure, there are probably a lot of people out there with smartphones. And yeah, I'm sure a good number of them own a Switch. But here's the thing, owning a smartphone doesn't guarantee that you can play Pokemon Go. Just because someone has a smartphone doesn't mean they have a data plan that allows them to play Go. So let's not make assumptions here. Oh, and by the way, 100% of people who played Gen 4 have access to Pokemon Ranger. Boom! Take that, Let's Go defenders!

The ultimate problem here is that you can't say with absolute certainty that every owner of Let's Go will have access to Pokemon Go. Most people, yeah, probably. But not all! And to those defending the OP's point, they can't really claim that it's "easier" to get Meltan in Let's Go when there are people out there who either don't have a smartphone or don't have a data plan for Go. Meltan has a different accessibility than Manaphy. Manaphy is locked behind owning a different game for the same system, while Meltan is locked behind owning a different game for an entirely different system. See the difference?

So, Nintendo, let's get real here. Quit making assumptions about your player base. Quit playing favorites. Give us a freaking voice chat on the Switch and stop relying on smartphone apps. And most importantly, stop locking exclusive Pokemon behind convoluted systems and games. We just want to catch 'em all, without jumping through hoops. Is that too much to ask? I think not.

Alright, rant over. Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Hey, I gotta say, I have no idea what you just said. Are you even speaking English? Your response is all over the place and makes zero sense. Like seriously, it's like you're trying to sound all deep and intellectual but you're failing miserably.

First off, what the heck are you talking about with this "self-realization" thing? And why should I care about some Indian traditions? I'm just here to scroll through memes and waste time, not get some deep philosophical lesson.

And then you go on about observing life like it's a dang TV show. What a load of crap. Life is meant to be lived, not observed like some passive observer. If I wanted to watch reruns of Two and a Half Men, I'd do just that, but I don't need you telling me that life is boring and meaningless.

And don't even get me started on your whole "helping people" spiel. Yeah, sure, if I try to help someone without qualifications, I might hurt them. But let's be real here, who cares? It's not my problem if someone gets hurt because I tried to lend a hand. They should just toughen up and stop being so sensitive.

And what's with this whole "don't be evil" nonsense? Who are you, the morality police? I'll do whatever the heck I want, thank you very much. If I wanna hurt people, that's my choice. And seriously, evil is just a concept? Tell that to all the people who have been victims of evil acts. It's not some made-up thing, it's real and it sucks.

And finally, you start rambling on about pain and meaning in life. Look, if pain is just something to be observed, then so is meaning. And if life is all reruns of a crappy sitcom, then why even bother? Might as well turn it off, right? But let me tell you, life is more than just observing. It's about making choices, taking risks, and finding joy in the little things.

So, sorry buddy, but your whole argument just doesn't hold up. It's a bunch of mumbo jumbo that doesn't make any sense. Maybe go find a different subreddit where people actually care about this stuff, because here, we just want some mindless entertainment.
------
Alright, buckle up folks, because I've got a little story for you. So, picture this: I'm just minding my own business, scrolling through this subreddit like any casual Reddit user would. And what do I stumble upon? A post that makes me want to pull my hair out and scream into a pillow. Let me break it down for you.

This poor soul was in excruciating pain, with blood pressure that could rival a deflated balloon. They do the smart thing and head to urgent care, expecting to get some actual help. And what do they get? A doctor who practically throws their hands up in the air and says, "Go to the ER, pronto!"

Off they go to the emergency room, hoping for some relief and answers. After enduring hours of waiting  because we all know ER waiting rooms are just full of rainbows and unicorns  they finally get seen by an attending physician. Now, you would think that this doctor would be all ears, ready to find out what's wrong and help, right? Wrong.

This bozo takes one look at the CT scan results and says, "Oh, it's all normal, you can go home." Are you freaking kidding me? Just because the pain had subsided a bit, thanks to the sweet, sweet morphine coursing through their veins, doesn't mean everything is hunky-dory. But does this doctor care? Nope. He just shrugs it off and suggests that maybe they're just depressed. Oh yeah, because women who have depression love feeling like their insides are being ripped apart. Fantastic diagnosis, doc.

Unsurprisingly, tears start streaming down their face, and why wouldn't they? They're being dismissed and brushed off like it's no big deal. This person has given birth not once, but twice, and they're telling me this pain is worse? Yeah, right. So, after being sent home with absolutely no follow-up instructions or pain medication, guess what happens? That's right, folks, the pain comes back with a vengeance. I mean, wouldn't you be scared out of your mind?

Cue a call to their primary care doctor, who clearly has some sense in their head. They immediately tell them to head back to the ER. But wait, there's a twist! This time, a different doctor is on call. And what do they do? Order an ultrasound, because apparently, that's the magical secret test that reveals the truth. Lo and behold, they find an inflamed appendix. Ta-da! A real diagnosis, folks!

Now, don't you worry, the drama doesn't end there. Oh no, no, no. Remember that arrogant doctor from the night before? Yeah, he decides to waltz into their room when they're all alone. No witnesses, no accountability. How convenient, right? And what does he have to say for himself? "Well, I guess it's good you came back!" I'm sorry, what? You didn't even bother to check the damn CT scan properly before sending them home to suffer. And now you stroll in here acting all casual, asking if they need a freaking blanket? Are you kidding me?

Thankfully, the person gets their much-needed surgery, with no complications  thank goodness for small miracles. And finally, they're given the pain medication they deserve to take home. But let's not forget about that first doctor, the one who nearly put them in a life or death situation with their negligence. This person's got guts, because they want to file a formal complaint with the hospital. And honestly, I can't blame them one bit. That doctor's lack of belief and blatant negligence could have cost them their life. It's a good reminder to always trust your gut, be persistent, and be aggressive when it comes to your health care. It might just save your life.

So, there you have it, folks. The infuriating, rollercoaster of a tale. And if anything, I hope this story serves as a reminder to all of us  doctors aren't infallible gods. They make mistakes, and sometimes those mistakes can have serious consequences. So, trust your instincts, fight for your health, and never let anyone dismiss your pain. Stay strong, and may you never find yourself in the clutches of such an unprofessional and negligent doctor. Cheers!
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors! Just gotta say, I stumbled upon this post about light having mass and I can't help but shake my head. Seriously, it blows my mind that people even entertain the idea. Let me break it down for you real quick.

First off, if photons had any mass, it would mean that it would take an infinite amount of energy to accelerate them to light speed. Yeah, you heard that right. INFINITE. Like, do you even comprehend how ridiculous that sounds? It's just not physically possible. So let's stop right there with that nonsense.

Secondly, let's talk about acceleration. Photons, my friends, don't experience it. They're just always cruising along at their top speed, no need to speed up or slow down. Unlike massive things, which actually need to be accelerated to reach a certain speed, photons are just chillin' at their constant velocity. Simple as that.

And here's where it gets even crazier. Brace yourselves. Photons don't give a damn about time. Yup, time means nothing to these light particles. From their perspective, there's no such thing as distance either. They're emitted and absorbed instantaneously, like it's all happening in the blink of an eye. Sounds trippy, right? Well, blame it on their insane speed.

Now, let's talk about gravity and spacetime bending. This stuff is actually proven and not even up for debate. We've got solid evidence to back it up, so all you doubters better listen up. When it comes to light near black holes, it may seem like it's curving, but it's actually not. Light only travels in a straight line, folks. What's really happening is that space itself is getting bent by the gravitational pull of the black hole. Mind-blowing, I know.

And oh boy, here's a mind-bender for you. Black holes don't actually suck everything in like some magnet from hell. No, no, no. What they really do is bend space so much that there's no escape. You feel me? Once you cross that event horizon, you're screwed. Every direction leads to the singularity at the center, no matter how hard you try to fight it. It's like being stuck in a cosmic trap, with no way out. Pretty freaky, right?

But here's the kicker, my dudes. Even the Earth's gravity messes with space. Yeah, the very space you're sitting in right now is curved, thanks to our lovely planet. It might not be super noticeable, but it's there, just a few miles above your head. So, let that sink in for a second. The reality we live in is far more mind-bending than you could ever imagine.

Anyway, that's my two cents on the topic. Hope I didn't blow too many minds out there. Keep questioning the universe, my fellow Redditors! Peace out.
------
Hey, I stumbled upon this post and I couldn't help but add my two cents. Elon Musk, man, where do I even begin? This guy is a total scumbag, and it's about time we compile a list of all the reasons why people worship him mindlessly. I mean, seriously, it's getting out of hand.

First off, let's talk about his political donations. This dude is one of the largest donors for a house republican pac. And we're not talking about moderate Republicans here, oh no. We're talking about climate change deniers like Kevin McCarthy. Can you believe it? This guy claims to be all about saving the environment with his electric cars, but he's funding politicians who deny the very existence of climate change. Talk about hypocrisy.

But hey, in the spirit of being fair, let's not forget that Musk also donates to Democrats. Although, let's be real, he donates far more to Republicans. And even when he does donate to Democrats, it's usually to right-wing ones like Dianne Feinstein and Bill Nelson. You know, the kind of Democrats who are all too happy to drive the party to the right. Bill Nelson even had the audacity to call single-payer healthcare "too good of a deal for the American people." Yeah, because affordable healthcare is such a bad thing, right?

Oh, and let's not forget about Musk's personal life. His first wife had some pretty damning things to say about him. I won't get into all the details, but it's definitely worth checking out if you want to learn more about what kind of person he really is. Trust me, it's not pretty.

Then there was this dinner discussion Musk attended, and let me tell you, it revealed a lot about his character. When someone asked about getting visionaries like him involved in solving real problems, like poverty and violence against women, Musk just shrugged it off. He basically said, "Poverty? Nah, not really a problem. I grew up in South Africa and now I live near Beverly Hills. Trust me, the housewives in my neighborhood are way more miserable than kids in townships." Can you believe the audacity? This guy completely disregards the suffering caused by poverty and acts like it's all relative. News flash, Elon, poverty is an absolute problem that causes immense human suffering!

And let's not forget about the time Musk straight-up stole some guy's art for one of his products. And when the artist confronted him about it, Musk had the nerve to say, "It would be lame if you sued me. I'm giving you exposure!" Seriously, what kind of psychotic behavior is that? Stealing someone's work and then trying to brush it off as if it's some sort of favor to them? That's messed up, man.

So yeah, there's just a taste of why Musk is an utter asshole. This is just scratching the surface, but hopefully, it opens your eyes to the truth about this guy. It's time to stop the mindless worship and hold him accountable for his actions. Spread the word, my fellow Redditors!
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I just stumbled upon this whole Riot Games debacle and I can't help but feel like I'm losing my damn mind. I mean, seriously? A gender-segregated event exclusively for women? And they have the audacity to defend it by saying they wanted to exclude men? Are you kidding me? 

And now, somehow, the conversation has turned into men being the villains once again. Because apparently, it's a crime for the majority of players to stand against sexism if they're not the "correct" gender. It's mind-boggling, really. But that's not even the worst part. The employees at Riot Games have had the nerve to call the people complaining about it "manbabies," and the folks over on Twitter have been actively insulting their own fans. Can you believe that?

Now, let me tell you where I'm coming from. I've been playing League of Legends for over seven freaking years. I've poured over 500 bucks into this game, and I've had some amazing memories with it. But this? This is the final straw, my friends. It's driving me to the edge of sanity.

This madness has been brewing for quite some time now. Ever since the infamous Gamergate, I've felt like I'm taking crazy pills. The truth doesn't seem to matter anymore. We had journalists colluding with feminists to demonize men and gamers, and that lie spread like wildfire. The truth didn't even stand a chance.

But you know what? This whole mess started even before that. It started back in university with those darn female-only scholarships. Then came the feminist literature, the gender critical children's literature classes  all in a degree program that had nothing to do with any of it. Talk about raising some eyebrows.

And then, I had the pleasure of meeting many feminists in school. That's when I became aware of the men's rights movement and MRAs in general. Of course, they painted MRAs as nothing but women-hating sexists. But guess what? I took a look for myself, and boy, was I in for a surprise. Calling GirlWritesWhat a women-hating sexist would be plain dumb.

And then, the whole Gamergate fiasco unfolded. Months of Anita Sarkeesian spreading lies about me, my fellow gamers, and my beloved hobby. That's when I decided to get politically involved and educate myself. And you know what happened next? They started attacking my other hobbies too. Magic the Gathering, tabletop games, movies  you name it. If I liked it and it didn't fit their narrative of diversity, I was labeled a sexist. Can you believe the nerve?

Four years of this utter nonsense. If you've been following the SJW and online feminist circus, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. It's exhausting. But you wanna know what really gets me? No matter how hard I try to stand up for myself, they just laugh in my face. Male tears, they call it. Reverse sexism, toxic masculinity, white fragility  I've heard it all.

And it's not just online. Take a look at the comments on Riot's account, and you'll see exactly what I mean. If I dare to speak up against this exclusionary sexism, I'm told to shut the hell up and make way for my superiors. And if I want to work hard and become a part of a company, well, that's just plain old sexism, apparently. I should just step aside.

But here's the kicker. If I actually move out of the way, I'm suddenly labeled an incel loser who hates women. Oh, and let's not forget the weird looks I get for not being married with kids yet, even though I'm supporting two people with just one paycheck. Yeah, the expectations are high, but the respect is nowhere to be found. They've reduced me to an object of hate, blaming me for things I never did and have no control over.

And when I finally gather the courage to say "enough is enough," they laugh even harder. They make me feel like I'm the crazy one in this messed-up world. But you know what? I'm not suicidal or depressed. I'm seeing the world for what it is, and it's disheartening. It feels like I'm taking crazy pills every single day.

I don't know if there's anything that can be done at this point. The truth seems to hold no value, and things are only getting worse. I dread to think about how much worse they can actually get. Accusation equals life ruined seems to be the norm these days. It's a bleak reality, my friends.

I appreciate you taking the time to read my ramblings. I hope I sounded somewhat logical amidst all the frustration. There's so much more I want to address, so many things I want to talk about, but there just aren't enough hours in the day. Life goes on, and we still have bills to pay, am I right?

But let me tell you something. Despite all the crap going on, I count myself lucky. I have an amazing girlfriend who loves me, and I love her dearly. I have a great family supporting me. I honestly can't imagine going through all of this alone.

People out there wonder why incels, MGTOWs, and red-pillers exist, but they never stop to wonder what drove them to that point. It's always our fault, the fault of the patriarchy. They never try to understand the struggles and frustrations that brought them there. Well, guess what? It's high time they opened their eyes and started listening.

Phew, sorry for the long rant, folks. I just needed to let it all out. And with that, I guess I'll wrap it up. Stay strong out there, my fellow gamers. Keep fighting the good fight, even if it feels like nobody's listening. We deserve better than this.
------
Alright, let me just start by saying that your argument is complete nonsense. I mean, seriously, are you actually trying to argue that Tesla is a worthless company just because they haven't turned a massive profit yet? Newsflash, buddy, not every company becomes instantly profitable overnight. It takes time and investment to build a successful business.

You compare finding a penny on the street to Tesla's profits over the last 15 years. Are you for real? That's such a weak and irrelevant comparison. Tesla is a multi-billion dollar company with billions in revenue. They are clearly better off under Elon Musk's leadership than they were before. And by the way, did you know that Amazon didn't turn a profit for decades? Yeah, I guess you're not much of a businessman if you didn't know that.

Now, let's talk about SpaceX. You claim that reusable rockets had already been invented and tested before SpaceX came along. Well, guess what? Those rockets didn't work. Elon Musk's rockets do. That's
------
Hey, listen up all you console fanboys! I've got a bone to pick with you about this whole "PC vs console" debate. So buckle up, because I'm about to drop some truth bombs.

First off, let's talk about how long your precious consoles actually last. Sure, you might say that a console will give you a good 5-7 years of gaming before it becomes outdated. But hold on a minute, did you forget about the Xbox 360 and Xbox One? The 360 was released back in 2005, and the Xbox One came out in 2013. That's a whopping 8 years, my friends. So don't come at me saying that consoles have a longer lifespan than PCs.

And while we're on the topic, let's talk about the so-called "casual gamers" that you console lovers keep harping on about. You know, the ones who only buy a couple of games a year. Well, newsflash: casual gamers are the bread and butter of the gaming industry. In 2015 alone, the gaming industry raked in a staggering 23.5 billion dollars in sales. And you wanna know who's driving those sales? Yep, you guessed it, the casual gamers. They're the ones buying up all the big titles like Call of Duty, Destiny, Halo, FIFA, and Madden. These games make billions of dollars, far surpassing those smaller, critically acclaimed titles that you PC elitists love to brag about. So put that in your pipe and smoke it.

Oh, and speaking of casual gamers, let's not forget that they play games A LOT. Just because they don't buy as many games as you hardcore PC gamers do doesn't mean they're any less dedicated. Why would a dad with a wife and kids want to waste money on three different shooters when they can just pick one? It's all about cost-effectiveness, my friends. And that's why publishers are pushing so hard for microtransactions. Casual gamers may not buy a ton of different games, but they'll sure as hell spend extra cash on their favorites. So don't underestimate the buying power of the casual market.

Now, I know you PC fanatics are gonna come at me with the whole "PC gaming is cheaper" argument. Well, let me tell you, convenience is key for us casual gamers. I don't want to have to deal with constantly cleaning out my PC or upgrading my graphics card just to play some games. No, I'd much rather sit upstairs with my wife and enjoy some gaming on my console. It's all about comfort and simplicity, folks.

And don't even get me started on the whole Steam library thing. Yeah, it's great that you can get a ton of games for cheap on PC, but how many of those games are actually exclusive to PC? Probably not many. And you know what? A casual gamer isn't gonna seek out those exclusive PC games. They're more interested in browsing their console store and picking out a game that catches their eye. It's just a fact, folks.

And finally, let's talk about sales and online subscriptions. Yes, PC has some great sales and you don't have to pay for online, but guess what? Consoles have caught on to that too. Sony has their flash sales, Xbox is pushing hard with Game Pass and better sales, and Nintendo keeps churning out weekly or bi-weekly sales with some pretty sweet titles. So don't act like PC is the only platform with killer deals these days.

So there you have it, my friends. Console gaming is just as valid, if not more so, than PC gaming. So let's put this silly debate to rest and just enjoy gaming in whatever way makes us happy. Peace out!
------
Alright, listen up, people! I can't believe I have to spell this out, but apparently, there are still some clueless individuals out there who don't seem to get the point. So, let me break it down for you.

First of all, the Old Testament (OT) is a crucial part of our religious texts, alright? It's not some optional extra or an outdated relic. It's full of truth and wisdom, just like the New Testament (NT). Both of these parts make up the sacred scriptures and are equally important. So, let's get that straight right off the bat.

Now, I had a little back and forth with this person who seemed to think that God is some kind of homicidal maniac. Seriously? Are we really going there? Look, I get it, some denominations within Christianity might interpret certain passages differently, but that doesn't mean the entire OT portrays God as some bloodthirsty maniac. Let's not oversimplify things, shall we?

And while we're at it, let's talk about Catholicism, my dear friends. You might have noticed that I mentioned "Jesuit Catholicism." Now, I know some of you are rolling your eyes and thinking, "That's not a thing, there's only Catholicism!" Well, guess what? The term "Jesuit" is just a way to distinguish a particular branch or style of practicing Catholicism. It's not rocket science, folks.

Speaking of which, Jesuit spirituality isn't solely about being politically progressive. It's about recognizing and appreciating God in every aspect of life. Sure, Pope Francis being the first Jesuit pope brought some fresh perspectives to the table, and he's been labeled as more progressive. But that doesn't mean Jesuit spirituality is all about politics. It involves mysticism, deep mental prayer, and self-discipline, following the teachings of Saint Ignatius of Loyola. Got it? Good.

Now, here's where things get personal. Someone had the audacity to question my Catholic credentials. Oh boy, let me tell you, I've got some serious experience under my belt. I grew up in a fancy Jesuit high school, where we did the "examen" every week like clockwork. And on top of that, I even took a religious meditation class. So don't you dare question my loyalty to the Church.

And let's not forget, all Catholics are expected to believe in line with the Church's moral teachings. But no, that does not mean we have to buy into the idea that God is some frightening murderer who will send us all to hell. That's just ludicrous. We can have faith and still use our common sense, you know?

But here's what really grinds my gears. Some of you self-righteous Catholics out there love nothing more than discrediting your fellow believers. Look at what happened here. I recommended someone to explore a different Catholic group to broaden their perspective, and what do I get? Attacked for using the word "Jesuit." Bravo, guys! Instead of helping each other, you're just making us all look bad.

So, let's try something different, shall we? Let's focus on spreading love, kindness, and following Jesus's example instead of nitpicking and trying to tear each other down. There are plenty of good Catholics out there who embody those values, whether they focus on the New Testament or the Old Testament. It's time to come together and make a positive impact, people.

In conclusion, the Old Testament is significant, God isn't a maniac, Jesuit Catholicism exists, and attacking fellow Catholics won't do anyone any good. Let's keep it real and focus on what really matters  being loving, compassionate, and accepting. Peace out!
------
Hey guys, I just had to jump in here and share my thoughts on this topic because it's something that really infuriates me. So let me get this straight, universities like Harvard are implementing these so-called "quotas" to promote diversity and bridge the racial gap? Seriously? 

First of all, let's address the elephant in the room. The US has a massive issue when it comes to segregating different racial groups. I mean, come on, it's 2021 and we're still dealing with this crap? If you're born into a black family, you're automatically set up for failure. You attend crappy schools, have limited opportunities for success, and oh yeah, all your friends are black too. Talk about a recipe for a bleak future.

On the other hand, we have Asian Americans. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to hate on them or anything, but seriously, they've got it pretty good. Most Asian families that migrated to the US were already well-off and successful. They've got stable marriages, academic role models, and their only free time is spent studying or being berated by their parents for not becoming doctors yet. 

So what's the solution to this messed up situation? According to some people, it's all about bridging the racial gap and introducing more success into segregated communities. And apparently, the way to do that is by having more black people and women join universities like Harvard. Oh, and let's not forget about the "quotas" that apparently make it easier for women to get accepted. Because you know, we definitely need more mediocre performance rewarded and less meritocracy, right?

Here's the thing, if it wasn't for these quote-unquote "quotas," Harvard would basically be an Asian and white people party. Yeah, that's right, Asians dominate the place. And let's be honest, if we're talking about academic excellence and acing all the tests, it's the Koreans and Chinese who are killing it. So by implementing these quotas, they're just dropping a few other students to make space for racial minorities.

But hey, let's not forget that there's already a huge community of white and Asian students at Harvard. It's not like they're being completely thrown out. These quotas just apply to a tiny portion of the population. Plus, without these quotas, there wouldn't be any Americans at Harvard. It would basically be a school for foreigners, especially those hyper-competitive Koreans and Chinese who study day and night.

Now, I get it, we want a better world where everyone has equal opportunities, but is discrimination really the way to go? Just because someone is Asian doesn't mean they automatically come from a wealthy background or that they don't bridge the racial gap. We should be focusing on providing opportunities for those from less fortunate backgrounds, regardless of their race or ethnicity.

I'm not from the US, so I haven't personally experienced the absurdity of their systems, but I'm grateful to my own country for giving me a good education as an Asian. I was one of those "quota" students with crappy grades and a disadvantaged family background, but let me tell you, I worked my ass off once given the chance.

In conclusion, these quotas at places like Harvard might be well-intentioned, but they're certainly not the right solution. We need to find better ways to uplift marginalized communities without negatively impacting other individuals. Let's focus on creating equal opportunities for everyone, regardless of their race or gender. It's time to move past these divisive tactics and strive for a truly fair and merit-based society.

-end of rant-
------
Hey fellow Redditors,

I gotta share this crazy story with you all. So last night, something happened that made me realize that karma is a real bitch. You know how I love to entertain you guys with stories from my past, so here goes nothing.

Let's rewind a little bit. It was one of those typical Saturday nights filled with alcohol and cigarettes. My buddy came over, and we were in the mood to have a wild time. He suggested doing some Xanax, so I called up my reliable plug/buddy, who showed up with these supposedly 4mg pressed bars. To be honest, we thought he was just bullshitting us, so we each popped three quarters of a bar.

Now, let me tell you, once those bars kicked in, it hit us like a brick shithouse. We were so freaking xanned out, it's a miracle we even knew what day it was. But hey, that wasn't enough for us. No, we had to take it a step further and get some MDMA into the mix. We each took a whopping 300mg because, well, why not, right?

And then, to make things even more interesting, my plug/buddy hit me up saying he had some ice and heroin. Of course, I was flat broke at this point, but this guy always hooks me up. So he said he'd swing by with a point of H. Jackpot!

Here's where the crazy shit starts. My plan was to sneakily snort half the point in the bathroom without my buddy knowing because, hey, he never tried heroin before, and he was already messed up enough to probably want some. So I hop into my plug's car, and he hands me the bag of H. Well, wouldn't you know it, there was a damn hole in the bag, and half the point fell right onto my shorts.

Not letting that liquid gold go to waste, I quickly snorted it off my shorts and started feeling that sweet H coursing through my veins. But wait, there's more! I asked my buddy for another bag, but he was all out. So now, I had to walk all the way up to my apartment with the remaining bag of H in plain sight.

Naturally, I tried pulling off some Mission Impossible shit, attempting a quick dash to the bathroom before my buddy noticed. But nope, he turned around at the wrong moment and caught me red-handed with the bag. Damn it!

"What's that?" he asks. Panic mode kicks in immediately. I can't tell him it's heroin because, well, I don't want him to know I did H myself. Plus, I was scared that he was so messed up that he'd want to try it too. So, the brilliant mastermind that I am, I blurt out, "Oh, just some coke." Yeah, great idea, genius.

Of course, he wants some. I refuse, but he starts begging me like a relentless toddler. It's beyond annoying. I keep denying him, but eventually, I cave and put the half point on the table. I was distracted checking my phone when I heard the unmistakable sound of a sniff. I look up, and there he is, with the rolled-up bill up his nostril.

I immediately break the news to him: "Dude, that wasn't coke. You just snorted heroin." And what does he say? "Really?" Yep, really. But instead of being pissed off, he's like, "Not bad." Can you believe it? Even when he sobered up, he wasn't mad at me at all. Talk about a chill friend.

But deep down, I knew that this was just the beginning. He had to get me back for introducing him to a bump of heroin. And boy, did he get me back. Six months later, he tricked me into doing ketamine on a freaking date. That sneaky bastard.

So there you have it, folks. I'm not some evil savage who tricks people into getting hooked on heroin. It was just a crazy chain of events and strange circumstances. Besides, he never touched heroin again, so no real harm done, right?

Remember, life has its way of serving up its own dose of karma. Stay wild, stay safe, and never underestimate the power of a good story.

Peace out,

Your friendly neighborhood Redditor
------
Hey guys, so I recently had this job working with the Calgary Flames in China and I just had to share some of the crazy sh*t that went down. Let me tell you, it was one hell of a trip.

First off, we had this idiot bus driver who couldn't navigate his way out of a paper bag. After one of the games, we were trying to leave the arena and this moron decides to smash the bus right into not one, but two freaking air conditioning units. Like seriously, how do you manage to do that? And to make matters worse, the rearview mirror gets all bent out of shape and blocks the damn door! We were all stuck on the bus while this genius driver tried to pry the door open from the inside. Obviously, that didn't work and poor ol' Brad Treliving ended up cutting his hand trying to fix the mess. Eventually, someone else managed to half-ass fix the mirror and we just said screw it, let's go to the airport with a jacked up mirror. What a freaking circus.

Now, onto the Great Wall. This was probably one of the highlights of the trip, mainly because all the players turned into a bunch of touristy clowns as soon as we got there. They went on a shopping spree, buying all sorts of ridiculous souvenirs like military hats, panda hats, and even freaking kimonos. I mean, come on guys, you're supposed to be professional athletes, not a bunch of fashion disasters. But the best part was when we went on the toboggan ride. Johnny Gaudreau thought it would be hilarious to keep braking so that I would crash into him and get pummeled by Jankowski and Bennett behind me. It was a disaster waiting to happen, and let me tell you, three people wiped out and fell off their sleds. I have to admit, it was pretty damn funny watching those losers eat dirt.

Oh, and guess what? I even got interviewed by Flames TV! Talk about being caught off guard. I was totally unprepared, but hey, I gave it my best shot. Hopefully, I didn't embarrass myself too much. Who knows, maybe my 15 seconds of fame will go viral or something.

I gotta give a shoutout to the team and staff though. They were actually really cool to me and treated me like part of the gang. It was awesome to hang out with these guys and see how they operate behind the scenes. I gained a lot of respect for the Calgary Flames organization throughout this experience. They really know how to take care of their crew.

Alright, that's enough blabbering from me. If you have any questions about my time with the Flames or anything related to the China games, fire away. I was also working closely with the Boston Bruins, so I can spill some beans on them too if you want.

P.S. James Neal is an absolute beauty. That dude knows how to light up the ice and the red light. Keep doing your thing, Neal!

Edit: Sorry for the crappy formatting. I'm no tech genius.
------
Hey, I totally get where you're coming from, but I have a few things I want to point out. First off, you say it's a fact that billions of people throughout history have lived and died without being exposed to the same face of God. Well, duh. No one is arguing with that. It's pretty obvious when you think about it. I mean, back in the day, people didn't have easy access to information like we do now. They couldn't just hop on the internet and look up different religions or compare beliefs. So yeah, it makes sense that there have been various cultures with different ideas of what God looks like.

But here's the thing, just because someone hasn't been exposed to the Bible or the New Testament doesn't mean they can't know God. I mean, come on, do you really think God would be that unfair? That he would only reach out to a select few who happen to be born into the right culture or who stumble upon a Bible in some remote village? That's just ridiculous. God is bigger than that. He can reach people in ways that we can't even comprehend.

And sure, you might argue that it's important to be exposed to the Bible and the teachings of Christianity, but what about all the other religions out there? Are you seriously suggesting that a devout Hindu or Buddhist hasn't accepted God the same way as a Christian? That's pretty narrow-minded if you ask me. I mean, who are we to say that our version of God is the only right one?

And don't even get me started on quoting Bible verses to justify your belief in the Bible. That's like using a Harry Potter book to prove that magic is real. It's circular logic at its finest. And sure, maybe this Don Richardson guy you mentioned has some interesting ideas, but it still doesn't change the fact that there are plenty of interpretations of God that don't align with those specific details you mentioned.

But here's the thing that really grinds my gears: the focus on belief. Like, why does it even matter if you believe in one God or not? Can't you have morals and ethical beliefs without believing in God? I mean, I know plenty of atheists who are more morally upright than some religious folks I know. So this whole idea that you have to believe in God to have morals is just straight-up nonsense.

Look, at the end of the day, it's important to remember that religion is a personal thing. Everyone has their own beliefs, and no one has the right to tell someone else that their beliefs are wrong or inferior. So let's all just chill out, respect each other's beliefs, and focus on being good human beings, whether we believe in God or not. Peace out.
------
I gotta be honest here, this whole young earth creationism thing is really getting on my nerves. It seems like everywhere I go, all I hear from Christians is this hardcore belief in a literal interpretation of the Bible. Like seriously, are there no alternative views out there?

I mean, I get it, some people think there's some grand conspiracy going on between Satan and the scientific community. According to them, Satan planted dinosaur bones and messed with carbon dating just to deceive us. Yeah, right. That's not backed by any evidence at all. It's just a bunch of whack-job conspiracy theories.

And come on, can we all just take a step back and think logically for a second? Occam's razor, people! The simplest explanation is usually the correct one. So, it's way more reasonable to believe that the Bible just doesn't go into every little detail rather than buying into this huge conspiracy theory about Satan messing with scientific evidence.

But try telling that to my Christian friends. Every time I bring up anything remotely scientific, they jump straight to the conspiracy nonsense. It's like they can't handle the idea that science and faith can actually coexist. And you know what? It's frustrating as hell. I'm trying to have an open discussion here, but all they do is shut me down.

And don't even get me started on this idea of biblical inerrancy. According to some people, if you dare to question anything in the Bible, you're not a true Christian. So, does that mean my Mormon and Catholic friends aren't really Christians? Are they all going to hell just because they don't buy into this literal interpretation crap? That's just ridiculous.

What really bothers me is that I want to raise my kids to be good Christians while also teaching them about how the world actually works. I don't see why those things have to be mutually exclusive. Science is about discovering the wonders of the world, and I believe that can be a way to appreciate God's creation. But try explaining that to the Christians I know, and all they see is "reject God."

Look, I don't want to disrespect anyone's beliefs or alienate my few Christian friends, but it's hard to find a community of like-minded Christians when everyone around me is so close-minded. And it's making it really difficult for me to fully embrace Christianity when I can't even have an open conversation about these things.

So, what should I believe? Am I just being held back from heaven by Satan because I refuse to buy into this so-called science conspiracy? Is believing in this nonsense some kind of requirement for salvation? I thought it was about accepting Jesus Christ as my savior. Can't I be a Christian and have questions? Can't I have doubts without being labeled as someone who rejects God?

I guess I'll keep searching for a community that can accept me for who I am, someone who wants to explore the wonders of science while still holding onto my faith. I won't let the narrow-mindedness of a few individuals define what it means to be a Christian.
------
Alright, here's my impolite and informal post:

Hey there, fellow Redditors! Just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but roll my eyes at some of the stuff I'm seeing here. I mean, seriously? Are we really gonna entertain these ridiculous notions?

First off, let me just say that I appreciate the effort some of you put into recommending things. I'll give credit where it's due. But honestly, I have zero obligation to actually read any of that crap. I was just being polite, alright? So don't get your panties in a twist.

And to the person who got all defensive about me not responding to their comment, chill out. I don't have anything to say because your whole argument is just beyond absurd. Social validity over truth? Yeah, right! That's like saying unicorns are real because some people believe in them. Give me a break!

Oh, but wait, let me put on my academic hat for a second here. I know, social sciences are soooo prestigious among the "intellectual elite." Yeah, right. Social sciences may be interesting, sure, but let's not confuse cultural significance with actual facts. Just because a certain belief is important to a group of people doesn't make it true. Sorry to burst your bubble.

And hey, don't think I'm calling you an idiot or anything. I mean, if you want to believe that social value equals validity, that's your prerogative. But I'll be over here, using my own logic and relying on evidence to form my opinions. Call me crazy, but I think that's a better approach.

Now, I've got a bone to pick with someone who mentioned Jared Diamond. Really? You're gonna bring up some biologist's perspective on anthropology as if it's the holy grail? Please. I've been studying this stuff for years, and nobody in the field even mentions Diamond. So spare me.

I'm not saying his work isn't important, but it's just not as relevant as you want it to be. Anthropology encompasses a lot more than the narrow lens you seem to be looking through. We're talking about the study of human beings, man! There's so much more to it than what you're giving credit for.

Anyway, that's all I've got to say. I hope I didn't offend anyone too much with my no-nonsense attitude. But hey, sometimes the truth hurts, right? Keep the discussion going if you must, but don't expect me to waste any more time on this nonsense. Peace out!
------
Okay, so here's the deal. I was casually scrolling through this subreddit, minding my own business, when I stumbled upon this post that just made me roll my eyes so hard I thought they were gonna pop out of my head. Like seriously, people need to get a grip and stop bashing crypto like it's the worst thing since pineapple on pizza.

First of all, let's address the whole "crypto is unsafe" argument. Yeah, I get it, there have been hacks and stolen crypto left and right. But guess what? That's not really the fault of the technology itself. It's more about how these so-called "crypto experts" handle security. Those exchanges getting hacked? Yeah, blame the idiots running them, not the cryptocurrency itself. If people actually bothered to store their crypto in a secure manner instead of relying on some sketchy exchange, we wouldn't even be having this conversation.

And don't even get me started on the whole "crypto has no inherent value" crap. I mean, seriously? You're gonna tell me that all the electricity used to mine crypto has no value? Well, good luck explaining that to your electricity provider when they come knocking at your door. The value of crypto is based on the cost of mining, plain and simple. And yeah, I know mining uses a ton of power right now, but hey, it's an emerging technology! We'll figure out better ways to do it and make it more efficient in no time.

Here's the thing that really grinds my gears: people treat crypto like it's just another form of money. But it's not, my friend. It's a whole different beast. Money is like math, you know? It's important and all, but crypto? Crypto is like programming. It's the next level, the cool kid on the block. It uses math, sure, but it can do so much more. It's like math on steroids, making things easier and opening up a whole new world of possibilities.

I don't know why I felt the need to go on this rant, but here we are. I hope I at least gave you a different perspective on the matter. So next time you wanna trash talk crypto, maybe take a step back and think about the potential it holds. And by the way, just a little side note for you grammar nitpickers out there: "riddled with" means there's a ton of something. I'm assuming that's not what you meant to say, but hey, it's always good to expand your vocabulary, right?

Anyway, that's all I've got to say about this topic. Keep on scrolling, fellow Redditors, and remember to stay open-minded about this crazy crypto world we're living in. Peace out!
------
Look, let me tell you something. This whole civil unrest discussion? It's not some separate issue that we can just sweep under the rug. Nah, it's directly related to everything that's going on right now. And before you start getting all defensive, I never said you were personally responsible for anything. So don't twist my words.

Now, some people try to argue that trying to make up for past injustices is a good thing. But here's the problem with that: how the hell do you measure what was taken? It's impossible to determine an exact value, which leads to this never-ending question of whether justice has been served or not. And you know what that means? People feeling entitled and demanding more and more. It's a never-ending cycle, my friend.

Oh, and let's not forget about all these minorities who weren't even affected by those historical laws, yet they still benefit from things like affirmative action. Talk about a lack of precision in the application of the law, am I right?

And here's another fun fact for you: the majority of white people today didn't own slaves. I can't remember the exact percentage, but it's in the single digits. So to suggest that all white folks should feel guilty and bend over backward for something they had absolutely nothing to do with is just plain malicious.

What all this does is create resentment. People who have done nothing wrong are being treated unfairly because of something that happened in the past. It's messed up, man. We should be treating everyone equally, regardless of their race or background.

Let me give you an example to really drive my point home. Say your dad stole money from my dad and used it to buy you a fancy bike. Now, would I demand that you give back the bike? Hell no! Doing something wrong doesn't fix what happened in the past. It just creates more hostility and bitterness between people.

I spent some time in Korea, and let me tell you, those people are still holding onto grudges from years ago. They've got this ongoing dispute with Japan over the comfort women during the war. And honestly, I think they're letting the past control the present. Yeah, maybe the Japanese government could apologize more, but they did pay some money at one point. It might not have been a lot, but the Korean government accepted it. So why can't they move on already?

Look, we need to learn from the past, but we can't let it define us. The only way we'll ever move forward is if we leave that shit behind and focus on building a better future for everyone. So let's stop dwelling on what happened and start working towards a more inclusive and equal society, alright?
------
Hey, what's up guys? So, I stumbled upon this Wikipedia page about Moon Knight and his powers and abilities. And let me tell you, this dude is like a walking encyclopedia of combat styles. No joke, he knows boxing, kung fu, eskrima, judo, karate, ninjutsu, savate, and muay thai. Like, c'mon man, pick a favorite already!

But that's not all, my friends. This guy is not just a master of martial arts, he's also an Olympic-level athlete. I mean, who needs the Olympics when Moon Knight is around, am I right? He's got all the strength, endurance, and reflexes to kick some serious butt. And get this, his powers actually change depending on the phases of the moon. So, the fuller the moon, the stronger he gets. Talk about convenient, huh?

Now, I gotta wonder how much of his so-called strength is just in his head. You see, Moon Knight has this little issue with multiple personalities. Yeah, the guy is practically a psych ward waiting to happen. But hey, at least it helps him resist some psychic attacks and gives him prophetic visions. So, I guess being a little cuckoo has its perks.

Let's talk gear for a minute, because this guy has got quite the collection. He's got throwing darts, nunchaku, a bo staff, and even a truncheon. I mean, seriously? Who walks around with throwing irons nowadays? Then there's this golden stick shaped like an ankh that glows when danger is nearby. Man, if only I had a glowing stick to warn me when my ex is coming my way.

But guess what? Mr. Fancy Egyptian motif decides to retire these cool weapons and upgrade to more modern stuff. He's got a truncheon/staff/nunchuck combo now, and even a compound bow. Oh, and let's not forget the spiked knuckles, because why not? But here's the best part, when he vows not to kill anymore, he gets himself a gun that shoots grappling hooks and bolas to knock out the bad guys. Real creative, Moon Knight.

Oh, but wait, it gets better. This dude's costume is made of adamantium. Yeah, you heard me right, freaking adamantium! I thought that stuff was only for Wolverine. But no, Moon Knight gets in on the action too. And he's got gauntlets that shoot crescent darts, an adamantium staff, and a truncheon that can fire a cable line. I mean, why stop there? Might as well throw in a three-section staff while we're at it.

But hey, when Moon Knight wants to be a real gentleman, he dresses up in a silver-white costume made of carbonadium. It's got joint-locking functions, so he can support crazy weights. He's literally holding buildings from collapsing, folks. And then, get this, he ditches the armor and fights villains in his underwear. I kid you not, this guy is off the rails.

And let's not forget about his transportation. Moon Knight has more vehicles than Batman. He's got the Mooncopter, the Angelwing, a white limousine, a crescent-shaped drone/glider, and even a white motorcycle. I mean, does this guy have a garage the size of a football field or what?

So yeah, that's Moon Knight for you. A one-man army with more combat skills and gadgets than you can shake a stick at. But hey, don't take my word for it, go check out his Wikipedia page yourself. It's a wild ride, my friends.
------
Wow, this post really caught my attention. I have to say, your attitude and tone are quite something. You come across as incredibly arrogant and dismissive, which is not exactly a great way to engage in a discussion. But hey, who am I to judge? Let's break down your response and see where you went wrong.

First of all, you start by explaining why you ignored the comment that answered your previous "smug retort". You mention that you receive a lot of messages and have "abnormal views" that lead to elevated emotions. Well, guess what? We all have emotions, and we all receive messages. But most people manage to read and respond to them without being rude or condescending. It's called basic human decency.

Then, you make it a point to let us know that you made a bunch of comments in other subreddits that people felt angry about, and you were high as fuck and didn't want to deal with the backlash. Okay, so now you're using drugs as an excuse for your behavior? That's not cool, my friend. Taking responsibility for your actions is key, and blaming it on being high is just a cop-out.

Moving on to your response to the person's comment about banking in the US, you start off by questioning their understanding of the subject. While it's fine to disagree with someone's viewpoint, belittling them and assuming they learned it from a cartoon is downright disrespectful. You could have taken the opportunity to educate them or have a civil discussion, but instead, you choose to mock them.

You then recommend the person read the Wikipedia article on the history of the US Federal Reserve, which is actually a decent suggestion. However, your tone remains condescending, with snarky remarks about cartoons and the illuminati. It's clear that you believe you're superior and everyone else is beneath you.

Lastly, you mention that you're downvoting your own comment to cheer up the person you're responding to. While it's a nice gesture in theory, it doesn't really make up for your rude and disrespectful attitude throughout the post. It's like throwing a pebble at someone after punching them in the face.

In conclusion, your post is a prime example of how not to engage in a discussion on Reddit or any other platform. It's important to remember that behind every username is a real person with real feelings. Being informal is one thing, but being impolite and disrespectful is another. So, next time you feel the need to respond, take a step back, breathe, and try to contribute to a healthy conversation instead of spreading negativity.
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! Just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but chuckle at all this talk about Russia allegedly influencing the election and colluding with Trump. I mean, seriously, where's the evidence? It's like looking for Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster!

People keep harping on about those measly Facebook ads that apparently cost a whopping $2,000. Well, let me tell you something, I spent twice that amount on my own ads last month. So, are you saying I influenced the election too? Give me a break!

And let's not forget that the supposed "Russians" running those ads were actually selling political influence, not trying to sway the election. I mean, if they were really trying to make a difference, wouldn't they have put all their eggs in one basket instead of targeting both sides? It's all just a big cash grab, my friends!

Now, some people might bring up RT as evidence of Russian propaganda. But guess what? The main guy, Lee Camp, is a clear leftist who despises Trump. So much for being in cahoots with the guy, huh? Nice try, but no cigar.

Speaking of evidence, if you're looking for some real collusion action, look no further than Hillary Clinton. Yeah, you heard me right! She straight up purchased Russian propaganda disguised as a dossier. And let's not forget that it was used to try and undermine the President of the United States. Treason, anyone?

Oh, and before anyone tries to bring up those infamous Trump Tower meetings, let me stop you right there. Nothing happened! Zero, zilch, nada! It was all just a wild goose chase fueled by the notion that Hillary might have done something sneaky. But, surprise surprise, nothing came out of it. No dirt exchanged, no secrets spilled. It was all for nothing.

And don't even get me started on the whole arrests and indictments hoopla. Not a single person associated with Trump has been indicted for Russian collusion. The closest thing you've got is Paul Manafort, who was lobbying for Ukraine long before he even joined Trump's team. So, yeah, nice try, but no cigar... again!

In summary, folks, there's just no solid evidence that Russia had any significant impact on the election or that Trump colluded with them. However, we've got plenty of evidence showing collusion by the Dems themselves. Oh, and let's not forget about the cozy relationship between the Democrats and major media outlets. Talk about collusion on a massive scale!

So, next time you want to throw around accusations and conspiracy theories, make sure you've got the facts to back them up. Because right now, all I see is a lot of noise and no substance. Keep scrolling, my friends!
------
Hey there! So I saw your post about eye makeup and thought I'd chime in with some advice. First of all, forget about trying to cover up your freckles with eye primer. That's not what it's for, my friend. Eye primer is all about making sure your liner and shadow stay in place and don't smudge all over the damn place. Trust me, even those fancy "waterproof" pencils will fail you without a good primer.

Personally, I recommend Urban Decay 24/7 or L'Oreal Infallible waterproof pencils. Those work pretty well when paired with a primer. I've also heard good things about NYX Slide On pencils, but I can't vouch for them myself. And honestly, I don't think your freckles on your lid are that big of a deal. Give it a shot with your makeup on and see if they still bother you. Sometimes, letting them show through your foundation can actually make you look more youthful. Just use a sheer dewy base, ya know?

Now, let's talk about making your eyes look bigger. One trick is to go darker on the outer corner and lighter on the inner. If you add eyeliner along the upper lash line, you'll notice that it doesn't really show, but it does define your eyes and make your lashes look thicker. Personally, I like to thicken up the line towards the outer corner and bring it higher so just a little bit shows, like normal liner. It gives that outer corner a nice pop.

When it comes to eyeshadow, you want to pat it on with a small brush. Remember, our eyes are small, so our makeup should be scaled down too. Don't go clownish on us, please. With your eyes open, bring the shadow up just below your eye socket. You should be able to feel where your eyeball ends and the socket begins. Now, I never bring my daily work eyeshadow all the way up to the end of the socket. Instead, I use a matte dark shade and brush a little bit there. Then, for the rest of the lid, I go for something shimmery like a coppery or orangey color, or maybe something like toasted. The important thing is to blend the darker with the lighter really well. We don't want any harsh lines, you feel me? So blend that shit out so it covers your whole lid but kinda fades out towards your skin.

Some people with our eyes do a cat flick, but I find that a puppy dog liner style makes my eyes look bigger. Especially if I fill in that little outer corner with the pencil liner. It's a game-changer, my friend.

Oh, and when you're starting out with eyeshadow, I'd suggest going for more sheer, less pigmented shadows that are closer to your skin tone. Get comfortable with application first before you go all out with those bold colors. But hey, if you want to go wild, go crazy with your eyeliner instead. Have fun with it, you know? Apply your dark defining liner along your lash line and then add a fun eyeliner on top, like a glittery or bright one. Make that shit pop!

Now, don't go breaking the bank on expensive palettes just yet. Head to the drugstore and experiment with some on-sale or cheaper quads and duos. Try out different undertones, finishes, and color families. Or better yet, ask a friend to lend you some of their collection. I've done that plenty of times, and it's a great way to figure out what works for you. And honestly, I have expensive brushes, but I'm just as happy with ELF and Joe Fresh ones. They get the job done, trust me.

Alright, I think that's enough rambling for now. Hope this helps, and remember to have fun with your makeup!
------
Alright, listen up you ignorant fools. I can't believe the stupidity I see on this subreddit sometimes. Let me break it down for you simpletons who seem to have zero understanding of basic business concepts.

First of all, just because a company generates billions in revenue doesn't automatically mean it's better off. Have you ever heard of something called profit? Yeah, I didn't think so. Revenue means nothing if you're not actually making any damn money. Take Amazon, for example. It didn't turn a profit for years, but I guess according to you geniuses, that means they were doing great. Maybe you should educate yourselves on the difference between revenue and profit before spewing your nonsense.

And while we're at it, let's talk about this whole SpaceX thing. So what if Elon Musk's company is trying to land rockets vertically? Other companies have experimented with reusable rockets too, you know. But guess what? It wasn't economically feasible. SpaceX hasn't proven anything yet. Just
------
Alright, listen up folks. I just came across this post about Instagram not having an intent on Android for a certain feature. Well, guess what? They do! Yeah, I know, mind-blowing revelation right here. Just check out this link they provided. 

According to Instagram themselves, if your app creates photos or videos that you want your users to share on Instagram, you can use Android intents to open up the sharing flow on Instagram. It's as simple as creating an implicit intent, which then prompts the user to select the application they want to send the media to. And bam, Instagram's crop screen pops up immediately.

But wait, there's more! With intents, your app can even pick a specific app to send the media directly to Instagram. No need for the user to waste precious seconds selecting the target app. So yeah, you can totally make Tasker take a photo using another app, pass it to Instagram, and then use AutoInput to confirm sharing and uploading. And to top it off, you can even trigger it all with a voice command using AutoVoice.

Now, I know some of you might be thinking that Tasker won't be able to automatically upload your most recently modified photo from your photo library. Well, let me tell you something, my friends. That's child's play. Tasker can easily access your phone's file system and snatch that photo from your photo library without you having to lift a finger.

Oh, and get this. Tasker can even start the upload process when you connect your phone to WiFi while it's charging. Talk about automation, am I right? So basically, Tasker is like the conductor, project manager, coordinator, or whatever fancy name you want to give it. It supports all sorts of logic, loops, conditionals, variables, and more. You want machine learning involved? No problem! Just have a machine learning app tell Tasker which photos have dogs in them, and it will automatically upload those. Easy peasy.

Now, here's the real kicker. Some people seem to think that only shortcuts can find a particular photo, like the most recently modified one, and pass it directly to Instagram. Well, let me burst that bubble for you. Instagram's normal interface might not have that option, but who needs it when you have intents? Intents are like the silent, seamless ways for apps to talk to each other. It's like a secret language just for apps. And Instagram makes it super easy. It just asks the user to confirm once it receives a photo through the intent. Guess what? AutoInput can handle that too.

So there you have it, my fellow Redditors. Instagram has intents, and they're pretty darn awesome. No need to rely solely on those fancy shortcuts. Tasker can do the trick just fine. So next time you want to automate your photo sharing game on Instagram, don't forget about our old friend Tasker. It's got your back, no doubt about it.
------
i just don't see how a whole book is needed to do what you said. i actually agree with what you think will happen. there will be consequences to jon being resurrected...mental consequences, not physical ones (at least not any serious physical changes...too much "ice preserves" foreshadowing along with jon literally visiting the ice cells and witnessing all the meat staying preserved).

First of all, I gotta say, I don't get why people are always making things more complicated than they need to be. Like seriously, dude, do we really need a whole book just to explore the mental consequences of Jon being resurrected? I mean, come on! It's not that deep.

But hey, I gotta admit, you might be onto something with the whole "ice preserves" foreshadowing. It's like the author is practically slapping us in the face with it. And Jon visiting the ice cells? That's gotta mean something, right? Maybe it's a hint that he won't undergo any major physical changes. I mean, who knows, maybe his body will stay preserved like all that meat he saw. Not gonna lie, that's a pretty cool theory.

And let's not forget about Ghost. That name is just screaming foreshadowing. I mean, come on, it's like a neon sign pointing straight at Jon sharing Ghost's body after he dies. It's so obvious! Once Jon comes back, he'll be more wolf-like, you know? No more Mr. Nice Guy Jon trying to please everyone. He'll be all about attacking problems head-on, with that fierce wolfish tenacity. So yeah, I totally see him having a POV chapter titled Ghost.

Now, onto the other Stark children. Lady's already dead, so Sansa's out of luck, poor girl. But let's talk about Summer. I have a feeling he's gonna kick the bucket while fighting the Others, you know, those icy dudes. That would be a fitting end for him, and I bet George R.R. Martin thought of it too. He probably named him "Summer" as a clever little nod to the fact that he's gonna get killed by winter itself. Genius, right?

Arya, well, she's got a shot at having a direwolf POV chapter. Her wolf is named after Queen Nymeria, who went through some exile stuff in Essos, just like Arya. And get this, Nymeria came back to Westeros with a massive fleet of ships, kind of like how Arya's building her own badass wolf army. So I could definitely see that happening. The only thing is, Queen Nymeria didn't really fight anyone, she just formed alliances and got married. But hey, who knows, maybe Arya's gonna break that trend and go on a real killing spree. We'll just have to wait and see.

As for Rickon, well, who even knows what's gonna happen with that kid. Honestly, we just don't have enough information to make any solid predictions. 

And dude, I'm not even gonna touch the whole "tlj" thing. I mean, come on, let's save that for another thread. But I will say this, maybe the third act not subverting expectations was the actual subversion. You know, just like how George R.R. Martin flips the typical fantasy hero's journey on its head by giving us these complex and interesting supporting characters. Jon and Dany ain't the only ones, man. It's all about that balance of main and side characters, just like how ice and fire balance each other out.

So yeah, that's my take on all this. Can't wait to see what the books have in store for us!
------
Hey, I just want to say that I totally get your point, but honestly, I think all universities do this quota thing. Not just Harvard, man. It's not like they're singling out a specific race or anything.

Look, the whole idea behind these quotas is to bring people from different racial backgrounds together and create a more diverse environment. And let's be real here, the US has a major racial hierarchy going on. It's messed up, dude. Like, if you're born into a black family, chances are you're gonna end up in a crappy school with fewer successful role models than other races. Your friends are probably gonna be black too, and when you have free time, it's the big boys in the neighborhood inviting you to join mugging and street fights. It's a tough situation, man.

And then you have Asian Americans on the other hand. They've got a whole different story going on. A lot of them migrated to the US and many of them are already or became rich. Their parents' marriage is intact, they have successful role models, and when they have free time, their moms are like, "Study now or I won't love you." And don't even get me started on the pressure from their relatives to become doctors.

So, the idea here is to bridge these racial gaps and introduce success and good influences in the segregated communities that are suffering from poverty and lack of opportunity. We need role models, man. We need more black people and women joining universities, so the next generation can see that success is possible for them too.

Now, I know some people are complaining about Harvard's admissions process and how it's favoring certain racial minorities. But come on, dude, if it wasn't for these quotas, it would basically be an Asian and white people-only school. Like, seriously, the majority of the students there are already Asians and white people. So, if we can get a few more people from racial minorities in as the first generation of their families attending university, I don't see why we should be complaining about dropping a few other students. It's not like they're being completely kicked out or anything, bro.

And let's not forget that if it weren't for these quotas, there would barely be any Americans at Harvard, Asian or otherwise. It would be a school full of foreigners, especially Koreans and Chinese who study like crazy since they're toddlers and ace all the tests. The quotas aren't about rewarding mediocrity, man, it's about aiming for a better world.

I mean, yeah, the way they're fixing this situation may seem like discrimination on the surface. But being Asian doesn't automatically mean you're rich or part of some privileged group. They should fix it so that people from less wealthy and less educated families have a fair shot too.

Look, I'm not from the US, so I haven't personally experienced their messed up systems. But I gotta give props to my own country for giving me a good education as an Asian. I was one of those "quota" students with crappy grades and a rough family background. But I worked my ass off once I got the chance, man.

That's just my two cents on the matter, bro.

- Legga
------
Hey guys, I stumbled upon this subreddit and thought I'd share my crazy experience with you all. So, I've been smoking weed for years and have always considered myself a total badass when it comes to handling my high. But let me tell you, I recently discovered that there can be some serious consequences to toking up excessively. 

I used to smoke like a damn chimney, 3 to 4 times a day, for a solid 4 years. I was a pro at ripping those yellow bongs and taking massive dabs that would put others to shame. Living in Colorado, I thought I was the ultimate stoner.

But then, shit started hitting the fan. Out of nowhere, I started experiencing insane physical symptoms. Like, my face would turn white as a ghost and all the blood in my body seemed to relocate directly to my left testicle. Yeah, you heard me right. My freaking testicle.

This bizarre phenomenon caused my nut to twist and turn like a damn circus performer. It's called testicular torsion, and guess what? It happened to me not once, not twice, but a whopping six times after getting wicked high. The pain was unimaginable, and four of those times, I had to rush to the hospital like a lunatic for an ultrasound. And guess what happened? Each time, my testicle would magically fix itself before they could even figure out what the hell was wrong.

After the fifth incident, I finally went to a doctor and underwent surgery to strap down my balls so they couldn't juggle themselves anymore. According to those professional folks, I had intermittent testicular torsion, and if I hadn't fixed it, I would've had serious issues down the road.

But here's the kicker. A few weeks ago, I was at a concert, jamming out to Rob Zombie at the front row. I pulled out this massive joint I had rolled and blazed through most of it, sharing the rest with my buddy. And wouldn't you know it, that impending sense of doom hit me like a freight train. I felt my testicle do its little acrobatics again. I knew the drill and told my friend to keep an eye on his phone while I went for help. As I made my way up the stairs, bam, another twist! My stomach churned, and I realized this was going to be bad.

Luckily, the event staff managed to find a cop who wheeled me out in a damn wheelchair and called an ambulance. As we were cruising outside, I asked the paramedic if he had ever heard of someone experiencing physical symptoms from smoking too much weed. To my surprise, he actually had!

He compared it to having a freaking mini stroke! Can you believe that? So there I was, hooked up to an IV that left a nasty bruise, trying to explain my pain levels while being as high as Snoop Dogg on a Sunday morning. I told them I was at a 4, but boy, that all changed when we took a sharp turn. The sudden rush of blood back into my testicle sent my pain skyrocketing to a solid 10 out of fucking 10.

The rest of that night was spent obsessively chec
------
Okay, so let me start off by saying that this whole situation sounds absolutely ridiculous and I can't believe you're actually wasting your time thinking about it. I mean, seriously, who cares about some random woman trying to flirt with your husband at your kid's school? It's not like she's gonna steal him away or anything. 

First of all, let's talk about this lady's behavior. I don't understand how she could be so blatantly rude to you when you're just trying to be friendly. Like, who does she think she is? I guess she must have some serious self-esteem issues if she feels the need to act all high and mighty. And then suddenly she's all buddy-buddy with your husband as soon as she finds out what he does for a living? Talk about being fake as hell.

And what's up with her trying to listen in on your conversations with other parents? That's just straight-up creepy. Like, get a life, lady. If she's that desperate for attention, maybe she should try getting a hobby or something. Or better yet, focus on being a good parent instead of trying to flirt with married men. But hey, I guess some people will do anything for a little bit of attention, even if it means stooping so low as to hit on someone else's spouse.

Now, as for your husband, I think he's handling the situation pretty well. Ignoring her and stonewalling her is the right move, in my opinion. There's no need to give her any more attention or feed into her pathetic attempts at flirting. It's clear that she's got some serious issues, and it's best to just let her fizzle out on her own.

As for what you should do, well, honestly, I don't think you should waste any more of your energy on this nonsense. Who cares if she's trying to flirt with your husband? He's clearly not interested, and you guys are solid in your relationship. So just brush it off and focus on what really matters  your family.

If you really can't let it go and it's affecting your peace of mind, maybe you can try talking to her directly and telling her to back off. But honestly, I don't think it's worth it. It'll just give her the satisfaction of knowing that she got under your skin. Plus, it's not like she's gonna listen to you anyway. She's obviously got some deep-seated issues that no amount of talking is gonna fix.

So, my advice to you is to just ignore her and continue living your best life. Don't let this sad excuse for a human being ruin your day. Focus on your husband, your daughter, and the things that make you happy. And if she tries to pull any more stunts, just remember that she's the one with the problem, not you.
------
Hey, fellow Redditors! I just had to share this infuriating experience I had at a casino last weekend. So, listen up and brace yourselves for a tale of frustration and idiocy.

Alright, let's start from the beginning. I've always been a fan of poker, even played a few video games about it. When I finally turned 21, I thought, "Hey, why not try my luck at a real casino?" So, last weekend, I headed over to this joint and signed up for their open tournament.

Now, this tournament was limited to 24 players, and the buy-in was a hefty $1,000 for a game of Texas Hold 'em. No worries, I thought. I've played a few times before and made some decent cash. Boy, was I in for a wild ride.

The first five hands were an absolute disaster. I only got two playable hands, and they went nowhere. A minor setback, right? Well, I lost 50 bucks on each of those hands. But hey, that's not the worst part. The other three hands I had were just garbage, so obviously, I folded. However, wouldn't you know it, when the community cards were revealed, those sorry hands would've been winners! I had the chance to score two full houses in a row if I had played them. Talk about frustration!

But wait, there's more. My next hand was also terrible, so I promptly folded. Wanna guess what it could've been? A straight! Are you freaking kidding me? At this point, I was starting to feel the anger bubbling up inside me, but quitting wasn't an option since it was a winner-takes-all situation. So, I soldiered on.

Then, it happened. Pocket aces. Finally, something good, right? I bet big, thinking I had it in the bag. But this one dude at the table, he kept staring at me with this irritating smirk on his face. He raised the pot like there was no tomorrow. I thought, "Okay, buddy, you wanna play mind games? Let's do this."

I went all in, except for 50 measly chips. I had a three of a kind with those pocket aces! Can you believe it? But this cocky bastard had the audacity to fake cry, saying he lost, and then shouted out, "psyche!" Lo and behold, he revealed his cards, and what did he have? A flush! That smug prick robbed me blind!

Let me tell you, my blood was boiling. I wanted nothing more than to leap across the table and give him a good old-fashioned beatdown. Everyone could see how pissed off I was. But, unfortunately, there was a security guard watching my every move, so all I could do was seethe in my seat.

As luck would have it, my next hand was the big blind, which meant I had to throw in my last 50 chips. And what did I get? Absolute garbage. A 3 and a 7. Meanwhile, Mr. Flush-Maker over there kept looking at me and smirking like a smug idiot. My only hope was for a high card, no pair, no flush, nothing.

Guess who won? Yep, that same jackass who screwed me over before. With freakin' pocket 2's! I lost a whopping $1,000, and this guy had the audacity to laugh at me. I couldn't take it anymore. I jumped out of my seat, called him a son of a bitch, and all I wanted to do was pummel him. But, alas, the security guard was still eyeballing me, so I just kicked over my chair in a fit of rage and stormed out.

Oh, and add insult to injury, would you believe that this total jerk reported me? Next thing I know, I'm getting a call from the casino the next day, asking me not to come back. Can you freaking believe it? This douchebag got me banned!

So, tell me, Reddit, am I the asshole here for losing my cool because this guy was being an annoying, manipulative jerk? I mean, come on! It's not like I started the whole thing. Gah, this whole experience still makes my blood boil just thinking about it.

Thanks for listening to my rant, folks. I needed to get this off my chest. And remember, if you ever come across someone like that guy at a casino, watch out or risk losing your sanity and your cash. Stay safe out there, friends!
------
Alright, listen up folks. I stumbled upon this Bible verse and I just had to share it with you all. Now, I know it's a bit long, but trust me, every single word is crucial to my point. So bear with me, will ya?

Basically, in this passage from John 10:24-30, Jesus is being questioned by the Jews about whether he's the Christ or not. And what does he say? He's like, "Hey, I've told you already, but you don't believe because you ain't my sheep." Yeah, that's right, Jesus straight-up says that not everyone is his sheep. And who are his sheep, you ask? Well, they're the ones who hear his voice, know him, and follow him.

Now, hold on a second. I don't know about you, but I haven't physically heard the voice of Jesus. But hey, that doesn't mean I can't tell the difference between God's teachings and some random dude's opinions. You see, all of God's people have this special ability to distinguish the real deal from the fakes. I ain't saying that everyone who claims to be a Christian has this discernment, though. Nope, Jesus himself warns us about that.

In Matthew 7:21-23, Jesus drops another truth bomb on us. He says, "Listen up, folks, not everyone who calls me Lord will enter the kingdom of heaven. Only those who do the will of my Father in heaven." Yeah, you heard that right. There are gonna be people who think they're all high and mighty just because they've prophesied, cast out demons, and done miracles in Jesus' name. But guess what? He's gonna be like, "Hold up, I never knew you, you lawless bunch!" Ouch, right?

So basically, Jesus is saying that there are gonna be a whole bunch of phonies claiming to be Christians. They use God's name to make a quick buck, spread lies, and do all sorts of messed up stuff under the guise of holiness. And lemme tell ya, it makes me sick to my stomach. But here's the thing, my friends, that ain't Christianity. No sir, not even close.

If God is truly calling you, you'll know it. You won't be fooled by these hypocritical examples. You'll see right through their money-making schemes and deceitful ways. Because when God calls you, it's a whole different ball game, my friends. You'll have this inner knowing, this deep connection with the big guy upstairs. It's not about perfection or being holier than thou, it's about bearing the fruits of a true faith.

Now, I bet each and every one of you can think of at least one hypocritical example of Christianity from your own experience. You know, those so-called holy men who preach about God's love while lining their pockets with your hard-earned cash. Yeah, them. It's sickening, I tell ya.

But don't get it twisted, my fellow Redditors. Christianity ain't about those shenanigans. It's about a real, genuine relationship with God. So the next time you come across someone claiming to be all holier than thou, take a step back and ask yourself if they truly know and follow Jesus. Are they living out the teachings of love, kindness, and compassion? Or are they just spouting empty words for their own gain?

Remember, folks, God calls you first. It's not about making some fancy choice to accept Christ. Nope, it's about him choosing you, setting you aside for that sweet reward called salvation. So keep your eyes open, stay true to your discernment, and don't let those imposters fool you. God's got your back, my friends.
------
Look, I get what you're saying, but honestly, it's kind of ridiculous. I mean, come on, you're at a football game and you expect people to be quiet? That's like trying to sleep in a lion's den and getting mad when they start roaring. You're surrounded by a bunch of rowdy fans, what do you expect?

Now don't get me wrong, I understand the need for some alone time every now and then. I've been taking the metra to the city for years, and let me tell you, people don't really try to communicate on there. Well, maybe occasionally if they need to give you a heads up about something, like if your bag is about to fall over. But most of the time, everyone just keeps to themselves so they don't come off as rude.

But hey, let's not forget that different cultures have different norms. It's called ethnocentricity, my friend. You can't expect everyone to have the same values as the community you grew up in. In some parts of Africa, for example, people just barge to the front of a line and the tallest and pushiest person gets helped first. It's not right or wrong, it's just what they believe in.

So as much as it sucks, you have to accept that this weirdo creep (who might be a potential sex trafficker, who knows?) might actually be genuinely kind in his own culture. Of course, you have every right to feel uneasy and voice your concerns, but expecting everyone to conform to your values? That's just not realistic. Now, don't get me wrong, I do think this guy was a creep, but not everyone who's forward is.

You're gonna have to make a choice here. Either keep being angry and annoyed at people who want to interact with you in crowded places or public settings, or lead a lonely, isolated life. Sure, you can try to block them out with your headphones, kudos to you for being proactive, but ultimately you'll have to accept that you're playing the game of life.

And hey, maybe you're just introverted. That's not a bad thing, you know? Studies actually show that introverts are higher-level thinkers. If that's the case, work on communicating that fact with people. There's this great book called Quiet that really explains introverts in a brilliant way, and it's an easy read too.

You know, the fact that you responded to my comment with an open mind really shows that you're an intelligent and rational person (which, trust me, there aren't many of those in this world). So maybe take some time to explore your own emotions regarding men talking to you, but don't fall into the trap of assuming that all older men who talk to younger women are perverts. There are good people out there too, you know?
------
Look, I get it. We all have our opinions, but seriously? You're gonna sit here and try to justify Genn's attempt to assassinate Sylvanas? Are you out of your damn mind?

Let's break down your pathetic attempt at defending this nonsense. First off, the Horde and Alliance are supposed to be at peace, right? So why the hell is Genn going behind everyone's backs and trying to kill the Warchief of the Horde during a freaking truce? That's just straight-up betrayal, my friend.

And don't even get me started on your whole argument about Sylvanas getting more Val'kyr. Yeah, sure, it might be good for the fight against the Legion, but what about the Alliance? Last time I checked, the Horde and Alliance weren't exactly best buddies. So forgive me if I don't believe that bolstering the Horde's ranks is gonna do any favors for the Alliance. In fact, it's just gonna make the power imbalance even worse.

You mention how Odyn doesn't seem to care about what Sylvanas did. Well, guess what? Odyn doesn't give a flying gnome's ass about anything other than strength. So of course he's gonna be cool with it. But that doesn't mean it's the right thing to do. Just because some big ol' titan keeper is okay with it doesn't mean it's morally right or fair.

And let's talk about the whole Helya situation. Look, I'm not saying she's some angelic being, but she sure as hell ain't no saint either. But you act like she would've been some amazing ally against the Legion if only the Horde had teamed up with her. Newsflash, genius. Helya hates Odyn and the Valarjar just as much as she hates Sylvanas. So why the hell would she suddenly team up with the Horde just because they got some more Val'kyr? It doesn't make any damn sense.

And now we come to your little fantasy scenario where everything miraculously works out if Genn hadn't tried to assassinate Sylvanas. Look, I hate to burst your bubble, but there's no way in hell that peace summit would've turned out all sunshine and rainbows. Sylvanas and the Alliance have deep-rooted issues, and no amount of happy talks and tea parties would've solved that.

Oh, and let's not forget that Sylvanas is not exactly the most forgiving person in the world. She holds grudges like nobody's business. So even if Genn hadn't attacked her, do you really think she would've just let bygones be bygones? Hell no! She would've found some other reason to go after the Alliance sooner or later.

And lastly, let's talk about Anduin's role in all of this. You claim it's not his fault for sending Calia to that meeting. Well, newsflash once again, buddy. It was his damn decision! He knew exactly how Sylvanas would react, and he still went ahead with it. That's not just bad faith, that's plain stupidity.

So yeah, sorry if my response isn't all sunshine and rainbows like yours, but I call it like I see it. Genn's attempt to assassinate Sylvanas was a stupid move, plain and simple. It ruined any chance of peace between the Horde and Alliance, and now we're all stuck with the consequences.

So go ahead, downvote me all you want. I don't give a flying goblin's ass. But next time, maybe think before you defend such a boneheaded action.
------
Alright, let me break it down for you real quick. You seem to be missing the point here. These techniques from the Indian traditions are supposed to help you realize that the self or consciousness is already free of suffering. It's not about detaching yourself from positive emotions, it's about realizing that you are not affected by any emotions at all.

So yeah, life can become like a TV show that you just observe. But hey, if it's all reruns of "Two and a Half Men," I get why you'd want to turn it off. I mean, come on, that show was never really that great, right?

But here's the thing, when you're just observing, you can't turn anything off. Any turning on or off is just observed. For example, I enjoy a lot of things in life, and when I do, I observe the enjoyment and my body experiencing it. It doesn't make the enjoyment any less real just because I'm not identifying myself as the doer.

Now, as for your point about helping people without the qualifications, yeah, I agree with you. If you try to help people without knowing what you're doing, you might end up hurting them. But don't worry, I'm not telling anyone what to do or not to do. I'm just describing possibilities here. There are actual teachers out there who can guide you if they think you're qualified.

And hey, don't be evil, man. I mean, evil is just a concept, it's not actually a real thing. But sure, I don't consciously go around causing suffering to others. But let me tell you, it's impossible to live without hurting people in some way. What you think is right and good might be hurtful to someone else. Like, imagine someone wants to end their life, and you try to save them. They might feel like you caused them suffering because they were trying to escape it by ending their life. It's all subjective, man.

Now, let's talk about pain and the sense of purpose or meaning in life. If pain is just something to be observed, then so is the sense of purpose or meaning. It's all just observed, man. And you know what? That sense of purpose or meaning, you make it up. It's not some existential reality. When you were born, you didn't come into this world with a purpose or meaning. It's something you picked up from your parents and society.

And yeah, I get it. Sometimes life feels like a rerun of "Two and a Half Men." But here's the thing, if you realize that you are the observing consciousness, you don't really want to turn it off. Because guess what? The observing consciousness doesn't want anything. It just observes everything that happens. And let me tell you, everything is happening by itself. There's no room for a doer to exist. So, no need to worry about getting depressed or anything like that. It's all just happening, man.

In conclusion, these Indian techniques are meant to help you realize that you are already free from suffering. They're not about detaching yourself from positive emotions. And yeah, life can become like a TV show you just observe, but it's not about turning it off. It's about realizing that everything just happens and you're just there to observe it. So, chill out and enjoy the ride, man.
------
Alright, listen up fellow Redditors! It's time to debunk some of the misconceptions and nonsense that I see floating around about cryptocurrencies. Yeah, I'm talking about all you naysayers who love to trash talk this emerging technology without even understanding the basics. 

First off, let's address the elephant in the room - those damn hacks and thefts that people love to throw in our faces. Look, do you really think that's a problem with cryptocurrencies themselves? Hell no! It's an issue with those damn exchanges and their crappy security measures. You can't blame Bitcoin or Ethereum for the incompetence of these companies. And let's be real, most people who got hacked were storing their crypto on these sketchy exchange-hosted wallets instead of properly securing them. If we had more secure and convenient ways to store our crypto, these hack incidents would be less of a concern.

Now, let me tackle the argument that crypto has no inherent value. Seriously? Have you ever heard of something called electricity? The power used to mine these cryptocurrencies is not something you can just brush off as having no value. Just try telling your electricity provider that your power usage has no value, and see how well that works out for you! The value of crypto is based on the cost of mining, which, by the way, is essential for running the whole system. Yeah, mining might be energy-intensive now, but guess what? We're constantly finding more efficient ways to do it. It's called progress, people!

Here's something else you need to wrap your heads around - crypto is not money. I repeat, it's NOT money! Stop comparing it to something that it's not. Money is like math, while crypto is like programming. Math is great and all, but programming takes it to a whole new level. It can do things that math alone can't even dream of. So, next time you want to criticize crypto, at least try to understand that it's a different beast altogether.

Now, I don't know why I decided to rant like this, but hey, my thoughts took me down this path and here I am sharing it with you all. Maybe, just maybe, I've given you a glimpse into a different perspective on the matter. Crypto isn't flawless, sure, but it's trying to solve some serious problems. It's an evolving technology, so it's natural to encounter bumps along the way. But instead of dismissing it as dumb or fundamentally flawed, let's focus on the potential it holds.

And oh, one more thing before I sign off - let's clarify the phrase "riddled with." Look, if you're going to use it, at least use it correctly. It means there's an abundance of something, and I highly doubt that's what you intended to convey. Got it? Good.

Alright, I'm done with my mini-rant. Take it or leave it, folks. But please, let's have some constructive discussions and stop spreading baseless hate about crypto. Peace out!
------
Growing up in the church can be such a mind-boggling experience, especially when you reach that age where they start throwing all these biblical teachings about sexuality your way. Man, my generation was bombarded with so many resources on this stuff, it's insane. "I kissed dating goodbye"? Seriously? Like, who comes up with this stuff? And don't even get me started on "true love waits" and those damn purity rings. I mean, come on, is that really supposed to solve all our problems?

But wait, it gets better. My church decided to use "every young man's/woman's battle" and some crap from teen mania ministries to teach us about our sexuality. Can you believe that? It's like they were determined to make us feel guilty about every single sexual thought we ever had. According to these brilliant resources, love is some sort of freaking quantity. Yeah, you heard me right. The more partners you have, the less ability you have to love. So basically, if you've been with more than one person, you're doomed to have half-assed relationships for the rest of your life. Isn't that just swell?

Oh, but it gets even better! Apparently, a simple crush or even a kiss can taint your precious emotional purity. Can you imagine? So not only do we have to avoid sex before marriage, but we also have to guard our hearts like they're Fort Knox. And they didn't just stop at ridiculous metaphors like pre-chewed gum and flowers without petals. No, no. They went as far as saying that those who have premarital sex are as valuable as used goods. I mean, seriously? Is that how we're supposed to view ourselves? It's no wonder so many of us have self-esteem issues.

And let's not forget about masturbation. Oh no, that's sinful and selfish, my friend. Apparently, guys struggle with porn, and we girls struggle with our emotional needs when it comes to sex. I mean, I can't even comprehend the stupidity behind that statement. It's just mind-boggling.

But wait, there's more! Some of the more conservative parts of the church even embraced concepts like "no-touch courtship" and "betrothal." Yeah, you heard me right. They actually took it to that extreme. Some fathers even took their daughters to purity balls where they pledged to protect their virginity and choose their future husbands for them. I mean, talk about controlling and degrading. It's like they wanted to treat us women as property rather than human beings with our own desires and dreams.

Look, I'm not trying to be all negative here (okay, maybe I am). But honestly, these teachings have done some serious damage. There are books now that highlight the harm caused by purity culture, particularly the shaming of non-virgins and the destruction of self-worth. And let me tell you, repression of our sexuality doesn't just magically disappear with the snap of a finger. It messes with you, man. It really does.

So, here's the thing. As the current generation of church leaders, we need to change the freaking dialogue. We need to create a more sex-positive message that actually helps the next generation instead of filling their heads with lies and fear. It's time for the church to own up to its role in damaging young souls as they discover their sexuality. And if they want a sustainable future, they better start changing their tune.

And hey, to all my fellow survivors of purity culture teachings out there, I want to hear from you. Did these teachings help you or hinder you? Personally, I think they hindered the hell out of me. But maybe you have a different perspective, and I'm genuinely curious to know. What would you keep from these teachings, if anything? And what do you wish you hadn't been taught at all? Let's open up this discussion and start tearing down the damaging walls built by purity culture.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I've got a bone to pick with all this UPS talk that's been going on. Seriously, what's the deal with everyone recommending UPS like it's the holy grail of power protection? Let me just set the record straight here once and for all.

First things first, let's get one thing straight - a UPS is not some magical device that protects your precious hardware or saved data. Nope, it's simply there to provide uninterrupted power so that you can save that unsaved data when the power goes out. That's it. Don't believe me? Well, let me drop some knowledge on you.

You see, electronics are pretty smart. They know how to handle themselves when it comes to power surges. So, those fancy UPS devices claiming to absorb hundreds of joules of power? Yeah, that may sound impressive, but let me tell you something - potentially destructive surges can be hundreds of thousands of joules! That's right, hundreds of thousands! So tell me, what good is a UPS gonna do against that?

Here's the thing, electronics are equipped with their own internal protection mechanisms. They're not just sitting ducks waiting to be fried by a surge. They'll convert those surges into stable, low DC voltages like it's no big deal. And you know what? They do a damn good job at it too. So why on earth would you need a UPS to protect your electronics when they've got their own built-in protection?

Now, I know some of you may argue that the UPS is a godsend for those voltage drops. You know, when the lights dim and everything seems to be going haywire. But here's a newsflash - computers don't give a damn about voltage drops! Nope, they're perfectly fine running on even the lowest voltages. If it drops too low, guess what? The computer powers off. No harm done. It's as simple as that.

But hey, if you're worried about those motorized appliances getting damaged by low voltage, then sure, go ahead and get a UPS for your refrigerator or whatever floats your boat. After all, the utility company cuts off power if the voltage drops too low, so there's no need to worry about your precious computer. Low voltage is irrelevant to them. So why should we even be recommending UPS for computers? It's just a load of hooey if you ask me.

And let's not forget about all those other appliances in your house. Dishwashers, clocks, furnaces, LED bulbs - they all seem to be chugging along just fine without a UPS to protect them, don't they? So why the double standard? Why are we so obsessed with protecting our computers while leaving the rest of our appliances to fend for themselves?

Here's a little nugget of truth for you - if you really want to protect your appliances from those occasional power transients, you need a whole house protector. Yep, that's right. One simple device that can protect all your appliances from the big bad power surges. And you know what? It's way cheaper than buying a UPS for each and every appliance in your home. Trust me on this one.

So, unless you've got some unsaved data that you're just dying to keep, a UPS is pretty much useless. And guess what? They typically need to be replaced after just three years. What a waste of money, if you ask me.

So, let's stop spreading all this fear and misinformation about UPS being some kind of savior. It's time to get real and start focusing on the real power protection solutions out there. And remember, if someone recommends a UPS, ask for some damn specification numbers. Otherwise, it's all just wild speculation and popular fables.
------
Alright, let me start off by saying that I totally get where you're coming from with the whole quest thing. I mean, personally, I don't really mind that style of storytelling because I enjoy uncovering hidden stories in the Fallout universe. You know, like those vaults and buildings where you had to read stuff on the walls or terminals to piece things together. Those hidden side quests were some of the best memories I have from previous Fallout games. And I feel like Fallout 76 is trying to capture that same essence.

From what I've gathered from past announcements, Bethesda isn't trying to start a whole new trend with Fallout 76. They just wanted to try something different from a storytelling perspective while also exploring the realm of multiplayer on a larger scale for the first time ever. I watched the video documentary about Fallout 76, and the team talked about how they had to approach other developers and ask, "How do we even do this?" Their willingness to take risks and try something new has me really excited for a future Fallout 5 announcement. 

You know what I personally love about Fallout 76? The fact that it encourages player interactions and meeting other players in the game. Some of my greatest gaming memories and best friends online came from randomly goofing around with some dude I met five minutes ago in a game. So, I really encourage that kind of social experience. However, I understand that it's not everyone's cup of tea. But I want people to realize that Fallout 76 can also be played 100% solo if that's what you prefer. Sure, you might randomly encounter someone or get hunted down by some dude who enjoys murdering other players, and yeah, that could get annoying.

But here's the thing, Bethesda doesn't actually want to promote open and constant PvP. The system they've explained so far is designed to punish serial killers and troll-like players. So, if you come across a troll, they become a quest or objective that you can simply ignore. And guess what? The only thing you lose when you die is your junk/scrap tab. So, all that metal, wood, screws, glue, and other valuable stuff you've collected might drop, but that's about it. Now, let's say you died fighting a snagglegaster or whatever, and I happen to walk by with a stealthboy, well, I could loot your junk and move on. It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, my friend.

Now, let's say you're in a tough spot, fighting a giant sloth, and me and my three buddies stumble upon you. We can help you out, kill the sloth, and then maybe I decide to shoot you in the head. Here's the deal though, a bounty gets put out on me, but my friends are totally fine because they didn't harm you. However, if all four of us decide to shoot you, then we all get punished and lose caps when we die. It's not like a traditional "menu to accept duel" kind of mechanic like in Borderlands. It's more like, "Hey, he shot you and you took damage, so you won't be punished for fighting back." Makes sense, right?

Man, I love discussing this stuff. It's exciting to think about all the possibilities and how Fallout 76 is really trying to break new ground in terms of storytelling and multiplayer experiences. So, yeah, I'm definitely hyped for this game and can't wait to see how it all plays out. Let's keep the conversation going!
------
Hey there fellow Redditors! I'm in a bit of a dilemma and I need your input on my monitor upgrade decision. So here's the thing - I don't wanna be tied down to either Nvidia or AMD, but I really need to upgrade my monitor. So I'm thinking, would a 144hz monitor with VSync do the trick as long as my GPU can handle at least 72fps?

Now, before we dive into this, let me just put it out there that I don't wanna commit to either Nvidia or AMD because who knows when AMD will actually come up with a decent alternative that's readily available. I mean seriously, what are they even doing over there?

Oh and quick edit, I originally wanted a Vega 56 but can't seem to find any good used ones. Those new Vega 56s are way too expensive for me to justify the purchase. So, yeah, I'm stuck with considering other options.

Anyway, now that we have that cleared up, let's talk about gaming monitors. I've been doing some reading about G/Freesync and VSync, and here's what I've gathered:

So without G/Freesync, the monitor refreshes at a constant rate and if your GPU's frame rate doesn't match up, you get screen tearing. Now, if you enable VSync, it limits both the GPU and the monitor. The monitor has to wait for a complete frame before displaying it, and the GPU has to wait for the buffer to be cleared before rendering a new frame. This leads to a reduction in frame rate and an increase in input lag. Not ideal, right?

Then there's triple buffering VSync, which gives you less of a frame rate penalty but eats up more memory. But let's be real, who wants to deal with all that?

Now here's where G/Freesync comes in. It syncs up the monitor's polling rate with the GPU's frame rate, meaning you always get complete frames displayed. The GPU can go as fast as it wants, no restrictions.

Okay, so let's say I have a 144hz monitor. Here's what I gather with regular VSync:

If my GPU can only output 75fps, I'll actually perceive 72fps since it takes 2 monitor refresh cycles to produce 1 complete frame. Makes sense, right?

And if my GPU outputs more than 48fps but less than 72fps, I'll perceive 48fps because it takes 3 monitor refresh cycles to produce 1 complete frame.

So here's my question: If my GPU can consistently pump out at least 72fps, wouldn't I see a relatively smooth performance on my screen with just VSync? I mean, I can't tell the difference between 72fps and 90fps anyway, can you?

I get that G/Freesync would be great for those situations where my FPS dips between 48 and 72, since that's where things start to get a bit stuttery. But apart from that, wouldn't a 144hz monitor with VSync be smooth enough if my GPU stays above 72fps?

Please correct me if I'm wrong here, I'm just trying to understand how all these techy things work. And speaking of that, I saw this video the other day that suggests I might not have to choose between Nvidia and AMD if I go the G/Freesync route. Have a look: [<url>](<url>)

Alright, that's about it from me. Can't wait to hear your thoughts and please feel free to school me if I missed something important. Thanks, y'all!
------
Hey guys, so I really need your opinion on this ridiculous cinema incident that happened to me and my boyfriend. Seriously, it's so stupid but we can't seem to agree on who was in the wrong. Maybe you can help settle this little argument we're having.

Okay, so here's the deal. We were at the theater watching Hereditary, which is supposed to be this super intense horror movie, right? Well, right next to us was this annoying couple who thought it was a great idea to whip out their phones and start laughing during the movie. And I mean, full brightness and everything. Who does that? It totally ruined the atmosphere for me and probably for everyone else too.

Now, instead of causing a scene, I decided to just give them some dirty looks whenever they did this. I didn't say anything, didn't make a sound, just glared at them with all the annoyance in the world. And then, when the movie ended, I turned to my boyfriend and said, "Damn, those people were such dicks. They ruined the whole movie experience for me." I went on this mini-rant about how disrespectful they were, and how it bothered me.

And you know what my boyfriend does? He starts defending them! Can you believe it? He tells me that they paid money to be there, so they can pretty much do whatever they want. Yeah, I get it, they paid for their tickets, but come on! There's something called cinema etiquette, right? It's not just about them enjoying the movie; they're ruining it for others too!

But here's where it gets even more ridiculous. My boyfriend has the audacity to say, "You shouldn't have looked at them like that. It's as if you were going to start a fight." Excuse me? So, looking at someone annoyed is worse than actually disturbing people with your obnoxious behavior? Are you kidding me? How does that make any sense?

I was so shocked by his response that I just stared at him, speechless. And then he goes on to tell me that I don't have the right to look at them like that because they paid to be there too. Ugh, the nerve! Can you believe this guy?

Look, I get it, I didn't say anything directly to them, but honestly, giving someone a look is not a crime. It's not like I caused a scene or anything. I was just expressing my frustration silently. Is that really so terrible?

Now, the worst part is that my boyfriend keeps berating me for this. He's acting like I'm the one in the wrong because I looked at them irritated. Can you believe it? It's like he wants me to stay silent while people ruin the movie experience for everyone around them.

And let me tell you, this is not the first time he's taken someone else's side when I complain about something. He's always all about finding solutions and taking action, while sometimes, all I want is for him to validate my feelings and just be there for me. Is that too much to ask?

So, here we are, still wondering who the hell was the bigger jerk in this whole cinema fiasco. Was it me for glaring at those phone-wielding idiots, or was it my boyfriend for defending them and making me feel like my frustration was unwarranted? Honestly, I can't believe we're even having this argument, but I need your input. Please, help me prove him wrong so I can rub it in his face!
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? Just wanted to throw out some thoughts and speculations about the afterlife in Tyria. So far, we've only seen displaced Sylvari spirits in the Domain of the Lost, right? But that was all because of Balthazar's little stunt messing with the realms. But here's the thing, what if they actually bring back Trahearne's spirit and have him team up with Glint? Like, can you imagine the power duo they would make in the fight against Kralkatorrik? Trahearne was a total badass necromancer and a strategic genius, so he would definitely be a major asset. And it would give us some real closure instead of just meeting his dream version through Caladbolg's powers, you feel me?

Now, let's talk about Dhuum. In the Hall of Chains raid, we find out that this guy has been nomming on souls for ages. He even sent out those eaters of souls to gather magic for him from different realms. But since he got sealed up and his minions fell, we don't really know what happened to all those souls. We did see Gwen's spirit survive Dhuum's attack, so maybe other notable human spirits made it too, especially now that the Underworld is under new management. By the way, who the heck is leading the Fissure of Woe now that Balthy is out of the picture? Maybe we'll find out in a future raid or something.

But hey, here's a crazy thought. Whenever there's a mass death, these rifts between Tyria and the Mists open up. Apparently, it's because all the soul magic and suffering cause some kind of imbalance. Remember that Eternal Flame artifact we found in Citadel of Flame? It actually brought the recently dead back to life before we wrecked it and sent Gaheron's spirit packing. So who knows if there are other artifacts like that floating around? If there are, then who knows what kind of shenanigans could go down? Also, remember that Grenthian ritual with Alastia Crow? The priests were able to summon a spirit to the land of the living for a bit and it attracted some hostile mist entities too. So maybe there's some way for spirits to cross over temporarily and cause some chaos.

And let's not forget about Kralky, the big bad Elder Dragon. That dude keeps opening rifts left and right. So theoretically, any spirit could try to pass over and succeed until the rifts get closed, like Snaff and Eir did. But here's the crazy part, if we actually venture into the Mists, then the possibilities are endless. We've seen long-dead figures like Primevals still duking it out there. And spirits that have been gone for years, like Snaff, are still kicking it. I'm not sure if Glint pulled Snaff's spirit from the Domain of the Lost or the Asuran afterlife, but clearly, there's some way for spirits to appear even when they're supposed to go to their designated afterlives that are totally separate (like that bittersweet love story between the human and Norn spirit in "The Departing"). 

So yeah, it would be really cool if the devs decide to dive deeper into the afterlife and spirit stuff in Tyrian lore. It's one of the most mysterious parts of the lore, and it's been intriguing us ever since that whole Lord Odran and ghost thing. So here's hoping they feel ambitious enough to explore it further. Peace out!
------
Okay, listen up, folks. I stumbled upon this thread and just had to throw in my two cents because what I'm seeing here is a load of nonsense. First off, let's talk about this MVP business. Yeah, this dude won MVP last split, but let's be real, MVP votes and all-pro votes ain't worth Jack when you consider the voters. I mean, come on, we got these so-called "media" people casting their votes, and half the time they don't even know the starting rosters for all the teams. How the hell are we supposed to trust their judgments?

Now, let's get to the heart of the matter  this summer split. People seem to be jumping on the Aphro bandwagon, saying he's the top support this split. But hold up, hold up. Let's not be too quick to crown him. The truth is, NA had a garbage split when it comes to supports. There was so much turnover, it's like musical chairs out there. So yeah, Aphro might be sitting at the top, but it's not like he had much competition. And honestly, I'm not even convinced he's the best outside of winning by default.

As I was scrolling through your comments, one thing became clear: you're just a fanboy for Aphro and 100T. And let me tell you, that's some flawed logic right there. You're trying to make it seem like 100T coaching is doing everything they can to be the best team possible. Well, guess what? Facts don't lie. When Rift Rivals came around, 100T decided to sub out Ssumday and Meteos, who were part of the roster that placed second in the spring split. Like, what the actual f***? This move made Meteos question his future with the team and start looking for backup options. And guess what? 100T took that as a sign of disloyalty and traded him for a clear downgrade. Now, I'm all for getting rid of players who ain't fully committed, but this whole situation could've been avoided if the coaching staff knew what the hell they were doing.

Oh, and let's not forget about Cody Sun. Just before the semi-finals, the team decides to bench him and doesn't even bring him into the studio as a potential sub. I mean, seriously, who makes such a bone-headed decision right before a crucial match? It's like they didn't even want to win! And don't get me started on their performance at Rift Rivals. That's not a team that's hungry for victory, my friends.

Look, I wish I had more time to go into detail, but duty calls. I hope you actually take the time to read all of this and realize that my criticism isn't out of immaturity or an attempt to troll. It's just me calling out the flawed logic and defending common sense. So, next time, try to think critically before coming at me with biased arguments and defending bone-headed decision making. Peace out.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I can't help but notice the level of ignorance and arrogance in some of these comments. Seriously, did common decency and manners fly out the window or what? It's like reading a thread full of angry teenagers who just discovered the joy of cursing and insulting people online. But hey, who needs civil discourse when you can just throw around baseless insults, right?

Let's break this down, shall we? First off, OP, your assumption that just because someone doesn't reply with a whole essay to every comment means they're selfish is just plain ridiculous. Maybe they just don't have the time or the energy to engage in a lengthy debate. Ever thought about that? Perhaps you should consider giving people the benefit of the doubt instead of resorting to name-calling.

Now, let's address this whole China versus the US pollution debacle. Look, no one here is denying that every country has a responsibility to control its pollution levels. It's not a competition to see who can pollute the most, contrary to what some of you seem to think. But just because other countries have more pollution overall, it doesn't mean that absolves the US of its duties. We all have a part to play in this environmental crisis, whether you like it or not.

Oh, and to the person who brought up Canada's emissions per capita, seriously, what's your point? Are you trying to divert attention from the issue at hand or are you just looking for some sort of self-validation? Newsflash: individual emissions do matter, but so does overall output. We can't afford to ignore either aspect. So please, spare us all the condescending "grow up" nonsense.

And to the genius who thinks that insults and swearing make for a compelling argument, let me tell you something. It doesn't. It just makes you look immature and uneducated. If you want to have a proper discussion, try using actual facts and logical reasoning instead of relying on cheap shots. But hey, I guess it's easier to attack someone personally than to present a coherent argument, right?

Moving on to the topic of good intentions and the Paris Accord. Yes, it's true that initiatives like the Paris Accord have helped lower the cost of solar energy worldwide. But you know what else it's done? It's allowed some of the biggest polluters to continue ramping up their emissions while pretending to be environmentally conscious. So forgive me if I don't jump for joy at the mere mention of good intentions. Actions speak louder than words, my friends.

And to the person who compared worrying about the planet to complaining about immigrants taking jobs, I have to ask: what on earth are you smoking? How is that even remotely relevant? It's like you're grasping at straws to find a way to insult someone. Here's a novel idea: stick to the topic and try to actually contribute something of value to the conversation.

Lastly, to the individual who keeps telling everyone to take responsibility for their own actions, let me remind you that the big polluters did sign the Paris Accord. But guess what? They made no significant reductions in their emissions. So before you start pointing fingers and preaching about personal responsibility, take a long hard look at the actual facts. Blaming others won't solve anything, but neither will ignoring the blatant hypocrisy of those who claim to be environmentally conscious while continuing to pollute.

In conclusion, folks, let's try to elevate our discussions a bit, shall we? We're all here to share ideas, learn from each other, and maybe even make a difference. So let's leave the insults and childish behavior behind, and actually engage in meaningful dialogue. Can we do that?
------
Hey y'all, I just wanted to share my thoughts on a letter I wrote to the Straits Times forum. Can you believe I got downvoted for it? And to top it off, they didn't even publish it. What's up with that?

So here's the backstory: I applied for a summer internship at Uber in San Francisco with this amazing idea to help them save on driver incentive costs. But guess what? They didn't give me the opportunity to work there, and yet somehow my idea got adopted and implemented in Singapore. Talk about unfair, right? It made me realize how my idea infringed on the whole meritocracy thing, you know, the whole "work hard and be rewarded" idea.

Alright, now let's get into the meat of it. There are all these new ride-hailing apps like Tada, Filo, Ryde, and Gojek popping up after Uber's exit. And you know what that means? Discounts and promotions for us consumers! These companies will do anything to gain ground on market share, so they'll start rolling out driver incentives to attract more drivers. It's like a never-ending competition.

But here's where things get interesting. Imagine this scenario: there's a requirement of 49 trips in a week to get a $200 incentive. Just picture it. Now let's say we have an area, let's call it Tampines, with a 10-minute radius, because apparently Uber thinks we can magically summon a ride within 10 minutes.

So, in Tampines, there's one consumer waiting for a ride to Clarke Quay. And guess what? There are only two drivers available in Tampines at that moment. Driver A is closer to the consumer, while Driver B needs 20 more rides to reach the magical number of 49 trips for the incentive. Now, here's the kicker: there's only an hour left until the end of the week.

Now, who do you think should get assigned the trip? Logic would dictate that it should go to the driver closest to the consumer, right? But no, the algorithm can be designed in such a way that the ride goes to the driver with the least number of rides clocked that week. Why? Because, my friends, it saves those precious driver incentive costs. They spread out the rides among all the existing drivers in the area, even if it means screwing over Driver A who has been putting in the hours. 

And that, my fellow Redditors, goes against the very foundation of meritocracy. It's like saying, "Hey, you've been working your butt off, but sorry, we're gonna give the reward to someone else who hasn't worked as hard." Doesn't seem fair, does it?

So here's what I'm thinking: the government should really step in and do something about this. They should start an initiative to prevent these companies from designing their algorithms in a way that infringes on the foundation of meritocracy. Heck, maybe they could even limit the use of such algorithms before drivers hit their incentives. It's time to bring back fairness and reward hard work, don't you think?

Okay, rant over. Thanks for listening, guys. Let me know what you think about this whole situation.
------
Yo, what's up everyone? So, I stumbled upon this thread and damn, I gotta vent. I've been running this indie music video channel on YouTube since '99. Yeah, you heard that right, '99! We became a partner channel in '08 and we've got a pretty solid following with 720k subscribers and over a frickin' billion videos shown. Impressive, right?

But guess what? We're facing some serious crap right now. Last month, we were hit with a nasty choice: either shut down the channel or find some sketchy sponsorship deal that gets us out of all this DMCA takedown and piracy nonsense. Let me break it down for you. These third-party digital rights management companies try to play detective with our content, thinking we're pirating stuff left and right.

Here's the thing, we actually have legit licenses for all the music on our channel. But these DRM idiots don't give a flying fudge. They just see that we've posted a video from UKPunkBand#1 or whatever and they immediately flag us, claiming we've stolen their precious content. And you know what? They take all our revenue! Like, seriously?!

So we file counter-claims, letting them know we got a license and the artist or label actually submitted the goddamn video themselves. But you know what happens? They reject our claim 90% of the time! Can you believe that crap? We're left with no options, man. YouTube doesn't give a rat's ass about us, no one listens to our side of the story. It's a massive frickin' mess.

So, our kickass indie media outlet, showcasing millions of music videos each month, has gone from making a decent living for me to scraping together three figures for the last payment. That's barely enough to cover our friggin' bandwidth costs, bro! I'm broke as a joke, can't pay my bills, and I'm debating whether to fill up the gas tank or grab some canned goods. 

We even launched a goddamn Patreon, but who knows if that'll save us in time. We're trying to migrate to Facebook or Roku, but seriously, we're talking about twenty thousand flipping videos here! It'll take forever and those bogus claims will probably follow us wherever we go.

And here's the icing on the cake - there's no way to see which videos have been claimed and monetized by these scumbags. So, we gotta manually scroll through over 20,000 videos and file claims ourselves. But guess what? Those claims are mostly ignored anyway! It's an effing nightmare, man.

These DRM companies know us, they know how long we've been in the game, and they know we have legit licenses for everything we show. But do they care? Hell no! They're just tormenting us for their own sick pleasure. It's like they're committing some twisted crime against us and no one seems to give two shits.

We need a lawyer to back us up, but let's be real here - 600 bucks ain't gonna cut it for some high-powered attorney. So now I got a few days to figure out a completely new career or risk losing my house and my family. Unreal, man. This whole situation is straight-up messed up.

Okay, rant over. Thanks for listening, y'all. Any advice or support would be greatly appreciated because I'm losing my frickin' mind here. Peace out.
------
Look, I don't know what you're trying to argue here, but it seems like you're just not getting it. TFC was a game that required skill and tactical thinking. It had a higher skill ceiling and depth compared to TF2, and there are still plenty of players out there who appreciate that.

And seriously, have you even played pyro? It's not about directly killing players and racking up damage numbers. It's about using the right tools for the right job. The flamethrower and ic were meant to be used in different situations. If you wanted to make snipers useless, you could spam their gallery with the ic and render them completely ineffective. And if you were running away from enemies in their base, the flamethrower was great for that with its backwards running move. It was a class designed to distract and disrupt the enemy team, and it did that job effectively.

And what's this nonsense about medic not being a capper class? Just because it was called "medic" doesn't mean it couldn't cap. Sure, there were other classes that could cap well too, like engi, but the medic had its own unique abilities and playstyle. It was an overall stronger fighter compared to the scout, but the scout had its own strengths with its faster move speed and caltrops. Different playstyles, both effective in their own ways.

And now you're trying to convince me that old games aren't necessarily bad? Seriously? This thread is about great old games that are no longer played, and one of the reasons they're no longer played is because their graphics look like potato today. It's just the way things are. And let's not forget how many companies have dumbed down their games to appeal to more casual players. That's exactly what TF2 is. They want to make more money, so they make the game more accessible. 

But hey, if you want a modern game that has some similarities to TFC, look no further than Overwatch. It's popular, it has class-unique abilities (which can be compared to grenades in TFC), and it overall has a higher complexity compared to TF2. So maybe give it a try if you're looking for something that scratches that TFC itch.

In conclusion, TFC was a game that required skill and had depth. Pyro and medic had their own unique roles, and old games aren't necessarily bad. But if you're looking for a modern game that captures some of the TFC spirit, give Overwatch a shot.
------
Look dude, I gotta be honest with you, your post is full of shit. First of all, you're making some generalizations that are just plain wrong. Yeah, people's beliefs are often influenced by where they were born and raised, but that doesn't mean everyone just blindly follows whatever religion they were brought up with. People convert all the time, man. It's not as black and white as you're making it out to be.

And don't even get me started on your whole "intelligent people being brainwashed" bullshit. Look, I'm an atheist too, but that doesn't give me the right to look down on people who have religious beliefs. Who do you think you are? Just because someone believes in a god doesn't automatically make them stupid or brainwashed. It's called having faith, something you clearly don't understand.

And yeah, you might think you don't hurt anyone, but guess what? We all do. We're all part of this messed up society that's destroying the planet and hurting people in countless ways. So don't act all high and mighty like you're so much better than everyone else just because you don't believe in some higher power. We're all in this together, whether you like it or not.

Oh, and let me address your claim that religious beliefs have been damaging to human history. Yeah, sure, some messed up things have been done in the name of religion, but you know what? A lot of good has come from it too. The Catholic Church, for example, has funded hospitals and established the university system. And let's not forget about the impact religion has had on art, literature, and culture in general. So yeah, maybe it's not all bad like you seem to think.

And seriously, dude, the whole age of the Earth thing? Are you really going to bring up that tired argument? We've got plenty of evidence that the Earth is way older than a few thousand years, so stop spewing that nonsense. Oh, and by the way, there have been way more than 300 gods and deities throughout history. Do some research before you make claims like that.

Look, I get that you have your beliefs and that's fine. But don't go around acting like you're so enlightened and everyone else is just a deluded fool. It's not a good look. And if you want to have a real conversation about this stuff, maybe try being a little more open-minded and respectful. Just a thought.

Anyway, I'm done wasting my time on this. If you want to continue the discussion, go ahead, but I'm out. Peace.
------
Hey, I just stumbled upon this post and I couldn't resist chiming in. First of all, I gotta say, it's hilarious how you're calling out Wikipedia for calling ML a general-purpose language when it was originally just a little DSL for theorem proving. But hey, I guess things evolve, right?

Now, I gotta disagree with you when you say there's not a big difference between ML being designed for compilers and theorem proving. Sure, it may not be the most suitable language for compilers, but it's definitely better than most others out there. So, saying they're basically the same thing is not the most defensible position, my friend.

But hey, I'm open-minded, so go ahead and explain the difference to me. From what I gather, both theorem proving and compilation boil down to rewriting trees. Yeah, I know there's occasional backtracking involved in theorem proving and it's all about functional data structures, but come on, can't we apply the same principles to compilation? Backtracking or not, persistent data structures are useful for compilation too, dude.

And seriously, how on earth can array and vector computations be unable to be implemented in a language that also has pattern matching? Like, come on, extend Hindley-Milner to play well with tensor ranks or something. I'm genuinely interested in your solution, even though I highly doubt it'll be worth the effort of being implemented just for the sake of self-hosting. But hey, prove me wrong!

Now, let's talk about Python. You say it's becoming the backbone of scientific computation, and I gotta say, are you freaking kidding me?! Python is a pile of shit for pretty much any application you can think of. The only reason it's becoming popular is that worse is better. Seriously, have you ever seen a language that was actually designed for vector math, like APL? Yeah, good luck writing a compiler in APL, my friend. Concatenative languages may play well with array-centric computing, but they're not so good for transforming trees.

And don't even get me started on operator overloading. Just because a language supports it doesn't mean it's suddenly great for vector math. Man, you really have a low standard of what is passable.

You make a good point about virtually every program needing to parse and manipulate inputs, whether it's a binary format, a picture, or a message in JSON or XML. Yet, most languages out there don't have any proper features for doing it. It's like they don't really care about making developers' lives easier. And why would you even want to parse JSON in a language built for array-centric computing or a relational language? That just sounds like a recipe for disaster, my friend.

Now, you mentioned LLVM and C++. I'm certain the LLVM developers would wholeheartedly disagree that C++ is not well-suited for writing compilers. In fact, come to the next LLVM meeting and talk to people there. They'll set you straight. And don't forget about TableGen, man. It's growing in scope, and one day it'll cover instcombine too. Mark my words.

And let's address your claim that if C++ weren't suitable for writing compilers, it would have been rewritten or new modules would be written in something suitable. Well, there are other reasons for sticking with C++ - performance requirements and the availability of a toolchain for a diverse range of platforms, for example. It's not just about how suitable a language is for the task at hand.

And you know what? I gotta say, I agree with you on one thing. Most authors of programming languages do think they're developing a great general-purpose language. But you know what? Only the dumb ones think that. The ones who actually know what they're doing are designing narrowly scoped domain-specific languages instead. So, kudos to them for not being deluded.

Now, let's talk about the word "laborious." Yeah, it means that something takes time and effort to do. But it also means that if you're writing your pass in an unsuitable language like C++ or Python, you're just adding unnecessary noise to your code. You're writing 90% boilerplate code surrounding 10% of something meaningful. That's laborious, man. If your language is built with tree rewriting in mind, you'll have 100% meaningful code with 0% noise rituals, making your work far more efficient and your code much more maintainable and easier to comprehend.

And seriously, optimization passes take time to understand and implement, but it's not just about typing speed. Come on, man. It's about being able to actually read the code too. Have you ever tried to understand what instcombine is doing? Yeah, sure, the actual meaning of all the transforms is dead trivial and understandable for anyone who vaguely remembers basic algebra from school. But the code itself is mostly noise. You gotta try really hard to see the trivial algebra through it. Now, imagine having a suitable language where you can see the rewrite rules immediately, like 'a * 0 = 0' and stuff. That would be a game-changer, man.

And finally, let's address your point about major compilers, interpreters, and JITS being written in C or C++. You say it must mean they don't suck at manipulating trees, regardless of how narrowly one might view languages. Well, hate to break it to you, but they do suck. Big time. And that's a major showstopper. Just take a look at the TableGen language in LLVM. Without it, LLVM would have been an even bigger mess, my friend. And the same goes for GCC. If you think it's written in C, you're dead wrong. The most horrible parts, like isel, are implemented in ad hoc DSLs too.

So, there you have it, my informal and impolite response to your post. I hope you find it entertaining and thought-provoking, even if it may not be the most refined argument. Cheers!
------
Hey y'all, I stumbled upon this verse in John 1:1, 2 and I gotta say, there seems to be some serious confusion going on here. So let's break it down, shall we?

First off, we got a bunch of translations with different wording. Like, seriously, can't these translators get on the same page? Anyway, the King James, Douay-Rheims, Jerusalem Bible, and New American Bible all agree that "the word was with God, and the word was God." But then we have the New World Translation coming in with its own spin, saying "the word was with God, and the word was a god." A god? What does that even mean?

Now, let's look at the context, people! John 1:18 straight up says "no one has ever seen God." But then verse 14 says that "the word became flesh and dwelt among us" and that they have "beheld his glory." Like, hang on a minute, if no one has ever seen God, how can they behold the glory of Jesus, who is supposedly the word? And in verses 1 and 2, it clearly states that the word was "with God." Can you really be with someone and be that person at the same time? 

And get this, in John 17:3, Jesus himself refers to the Father as "the only true God." So, if Jesus is just "a god," doesn't that mean he's just reflecting his father's divine qualities? Makes you think, huh?

Now let's talk Greek grammar. Some fancy folks argue that the Greek text should be translated as "the word was God." But not everyone agrees, my friends. Philip B. Harner, in his article about qualitative anarthrous predicate nouns, suggests that these clauses, like the one in John 1:1, actually have a qualitative meaning. He proposes that it could be translated as "the word had the same nature as God." And let me tell ya, that makes a whole lot more sense to me! 

It's interesting though, those translators who insist on "the word was God" don't have a problem using the indefinite article in other passages where a singular anarthrous predicate noun comes before the verb. Like at John 6:70, both the Jerusalem Bible and the King James refer to Judas Iscariot as "a devil." And at John 9:17, they describe Jesus as "a prophet." So why the inconsistency, huh?

But wait, there's more! John J. McKenzie, S.J., in his Dictionary of the Bible, says that John 1:1 should actually be translated as "the word was with the god [the Father], and the word was a divine being." That kinda lines up with some other translations, like the Amplified Bible that says "the word was divine," or the New Living Translation that says "the word was fully God." And even Ludwig Thimme in his German translation gets it right with "god of a sort the word was."

And guess what? Referring to the word, who became Jesus Christ, as "a god" is actually consistent with the rest of the scriptures. In Psalm 82:1-6, human judges in Israel were called "gods" because they were representatives of Jehovah and spoke his law. So there you go!

Now, let's take a step back and consider the history of all this Trinity business. The New Catholic Encyclopedia admits that the whole "one god in three persons" thing wasn't solidly established until the end of the 4th century. Yeah, that's right, it took 'em a while to figure it out! And the Encyclopedia Americana tells us that early Christianity was strictly unitarian, believing in one person God. So this trinitarianism that came later? Yeah, it was a deviation from the original teaching, folks.

So, in conclusion, I gotta say that the "a god" translation makes a whole lot more sense to me. It fits with the context, the Greek grammar, and even with the rest of the scriptures. But hey, don't just take my word for it. Dive into this stuff yourself and see what you think. And remember, keep questioning, keep seeking the truth, and keep being curious, my fellow Redditors!
------
Yo, fellow gamers! I gotta get something off my chest about these freakin' microtransactions in video games. I mean, seriously, what the heck is up with that? It's like these game developers think they can just milk us for every penny we have and give us crap in return!

Let me break it down for you. We all know that spending money in games is a way to get cool stuff and show off to our buddies. It's basic human nature, right? But here's the thing - not all games are created equal. Some companies actually try to be fair and give us decent value for our hard-earned cash. But then there are those greedy bastards who just want to exploit our addiction to social acceptance and virtual goodies!

Arenanet used to be one of the good guys, or so I thought. They had some decent ways to promote sales without screwing us over completely. But now? Who knows what the hell is going on with them! And you know what? We can't afford to stay silent about this anymore. We need to speak up and demand better treatment from these game companies.

Now, I know not every country has laws to protect consumers from this kind of exploitation. But guess what? Video games are a global business, and that means they should be held accountable worldwide! It's ridiculous that if any other business tried to pull this crap, they'd be shut down in no time.

But let's get to the heart of the matter here. This issue isn't your problem as a gamer. It's the problem of those microtransaction designers and the company as a whole. Their job is to sell their products, not for us to bend over backwards trying to afford their outrageous prices. They need to make their items available to us, not the other way around!

I mean, come on! It's simple math. We're spending more to get less. How is that even remotely fair? Unless you don't give a damn about the quality of the products or your own money, it's unacceptable. These companies try to justify it by saying, "But hey, you always get something!" or "We made it so it has value!" or "This is a competitive price point!" Yeah, right! Like I'm gonna believe that load of bull.

And let's not forget about loot boxes. Holy crap, those things are a whole other level of messed up. They're basically gambling, but somehow exempt from gambling restrictions around the world. It's insane! These video game companies need to play by the same rules as everyone else. Thankfully, some of them do, and they're the ones who will come out on top in the end.

So, my fellow gamers, it's time to rise up! Don't let these greedy game developers walk all over us. Demand better treatment, fair prices, and an end to these exploitative microtransactions. We deserve it, and it's about damn time they realize it. Let's show them that we won't be taken advantage of anymore!

Now, I know I've rambled on for a bit here, but this is a topic that gets me fired up. It's time to take a stand and fight for what's right. So, who's with me? Let's make some noise and let these game companies know that we won't put up with their crap any longer. Game on, my friends!
------
Yo, what's up everyone? Just wanted to vent about this messed up situation I'm dealing with right now. So, I suffer from this condition called endometriosis, which basically means I go through excruciating pain once a month. And today, instead of going to work like I usually do, I had to stay home because the pain was unbearable.

Now here's where it gets really annoying. My boyfriend, who conveniently works nearby, comes home during his lunch break and straight up starts accusing me of faking it just to get a day off. Can you believe that? He's like, "every female gets their period, what's the big deal?" At first, I thought he was just joking around because he's always cracking these stupid jokes. But then he starts insulting me and tells me to shut up. Like, what the hell?

I tried telling him that I'm actually in pain and this isn't some made-up excuse, but he just storms out of the house, slamming the damn door behind him. Can you imagine? This whole thing just makes me feel so alone and unsupported. It's like he doesn't even give a crap about my feelings. And this isn't the first time he's been this careless, let me tell you.

So, I texted him explaining why his behavior upset me and you know what he says? He has the audacity to hit me with these rude texts. Like, "you need to cut it out," "will you relax," "if you can't take a joke, that's your problem." Seriously? Is this guy for real? I can't even talk to him about this because he just shuts me down and acts like I'm the one with the attitude. Ugh!

Honestly, this whole situation is making me reconsider if this is the kind of person I wanna be with. I mean, am I really overreacting here? I don't think so. I deserve someone who actually gives a damn about me and supports me when I'm struggling. And from reading all your comments, it seems like you guys care more about me than my own damn boyfriend. That's messed up!

Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not gonna break up with him today just because of this incident. I've put up with way worse, believe me. This was just the straw that broke the camel's back and I needed to vent about it. But reading all your comments has opened my eyes to how much better I deserve. I'm gonna try to gather the courage to talk to my family and friends (the ones I have left) and get the strength to leave this toxic relationship.

Oh, and I just realized something else. I suck at communicating with him because I'm scared of his over-the-top reactions. I've been covering up so much bullshit just to avoid situations like this, and it has seriously messed with my head. It's made trust and how others treat me become all twisted up. Plus, he's made it pretty clear that he doesn't like my family. Can you believe that?

Sorry for the rambling, y'all. I'm still trying to process everything. Taking off the blindfold and seeing things for how they really are is tough. But I appreciate all the support and advice you guys have given me. It means a lot. I'm gonna take the steps to prioritize my own well-being because I know I deserve better than this. Thanks again, and stay strong!
------
Alright, I gotta say something about this whole Sasuke vs Naruto debate. Look, I get it, everyone has their favorite and wants to defend them to the death. But let's not pretend like one is inherently more creative than the other, alright?

First off, you said Sasuke is always coming up with new techniques like manipulating Amaterasu to make a shield and swapping places with Rinnegan. Well, hate to break it to you, but he didn't create any of those. Those are both special abilities that come with his fancy-schmancy eyes. They're not exclusive to him either, plenty of other Uchiha and even Madara have used Amaterasu and the Rinnegan can swap places too. So, let's not act like he's some master innovator.

Oh, and this whole merging Susano'o with Kurama's avatar thing? Yeah, sorry to burst your bubble, but that's not really a technique either. Even Madara did that, and we all know he wasn't exactly known for his originality. Plus, Naruto has done plenty of stuff that can be labeled as technique creation. Chakra arms, anyone? That's something even the Kyubi itself can't accomplish. So, don't go acting like Sasuke is the only one who knows how to get creative.

Now, let's talk about this whole "lorentz gun" thing. You mentioned that the Hokage should be able to do this too since they work directly with those scientific ninja guys. And you know what? You're absolutely right! It shouldn't even be a question. If the leader of the whole village can't use the same damn weapon that his own scientists are creating, then something is seriously wrong here. So, yeah, I totally agree with you on that one.

But hey, enough about Sasuke, let's talk about Naruto for a sec. You claim that Naruto relies more on the skills he already has and enhances them, like the big ball rasengan and rasenshuriken. And sure, those jutsus are pretty damn OP, I won't argue with you there. But here's the thing, my friend. Naruto has shown us time and time again that he's got more tricks up his sleeve. He's used earth style in other chapters, not to mention that shadow shuriken technique in the anime. Oh, and let's not forget the databook, which states that he has *many* more techniques. So yeah, he's got variety, my dude.

And speaking of variety, let's clear something up about Naruto's Six-Path Sage Mode. You claimed that he can use ice because the mode gives him access to all elements. Well, hate to break it to you again, but he can't use ice. The reason he can use all those other elemental bloodlines is because of the chakra from the nine biju inside him. Each element in that rasenshuriken barrage corresponds to a specific biju. But ice? Nope, sorry, no biju for that one.

Look, I get that you're trying to defend Sasuke and emphasize that the focus of the story is now on Boruto training with Sasuke. But let's not kid ourselves here. We saw Sasuke use ice style in a part of the story that had nothing to do with Boruto. They clearly threw that in there to glorify him. Konohamaru's reaction in that scene just proves my point. If they want to show a character's abilities, they'll mold the story to suit that. The whole training part is irrelevant in the grand scheme of things.

So hey, let's just agree to disagree, alright? Sasuke and Naruto both have their strengths and weaknesses, and they've both come up with some cool techniques along the way. It's what makes them interesting characters. But don't go acting like one is more creative than the other, because that's just not fair. They both bring something unique to the table, and that's what makes their rivalry so damn entertaining. So let's just appreciate them both for who they are and enjoy the ride.
------
Hey, what's up everyone? Just thought I'd jump in here real quick because I can't help but be annoyed with some of the stuff I'm seeing. So, let me get this straight, we're supposed to believe that the National Review is a valid source because they have a long history of investigative reporting? Give me a break! They're nothing more than an opinion rag, spewing out biased garbage.

And then we have the audacity to dismiss The Washington Post as a source because they apparently distort the truth? Seriously? Look, I get it, no news outlet is perfect, and they all have their biases, but let's not pretend that the National Review is some holy grail of journalism while everyone else is just out to get us.

Now, let's talk about Kaepernick's quotes. You know what? They're actually pretty damn accurate. Cops are murdering black people and often getting away with it. Look at the cases of Eric Garner, Philando Castile, Kelly Thomas, Freddie Gray, and Terrence Crutcher, just to name a few. These were innocent people who lost their lives, and what consequences did the cops face? Paid leave, acquittals, mistrials, charges dropped. It's sickening.

Oh, and let's not forget about the historical context of slave patrols turning into modern police departments. Yeah, it's an exaggeration to say all cops are like the "run away slave patrol," but it's worth considering because there are still some officers out there who hold racist beliefs and abuse their power. It's a problem that needs to be acknowledged and addressed.

Now, some of you seem to have a hard time with Kaepernick's statement that the system needs to be dismantled. Look, it's his opinion, and it may be extreme to some, but can we honestly say that the US courts are doing enough to hold these killer cops accountable? I mean, just look at how often they get acquitted. It's ridiculous.

And for those of you who are trying to change the topic to petty crime, please stop. This discussion is about the unjust killings of innocent people by police officers, not about minor offenses. But since you bring it up, let's not forget that Eric Garner was accused of a petty crime and ended up dead on the street. Talk about disproportionate punishment.

And let's address the elephant in the room. Yes, I'm talking about the claim that respected news outlets like The New York Times, The Washington Post, and the Los Angeles Times are fabricating narratives and distorting the truth. Seriously, dude? You really think multiple Pulitzer Prize-winning newspapers are just making stuff up? Get real!

Finally, let's talk numbers. It's clear that some of you need a math lesson. In 2015, 50% of police shooting victims were white, while only 26% were black. But when you take into account the fact that 72% of Americans are white and only 13% are black, it becomes painfully obvious that black people are killed by police at a higher rate per capita. It's not brain surgery, people.

So, before any of you start moving the goalposts or trying to discredit Kaepernick's stance, take a step back and really think about what he's saying. This issue is bigger than petty squabbles and biased opinions. Lives are at stake, and we need to address the systemic problems within our law enforcement agencies if we ever hope to see real change.

Okay, rant over. Peace out, y'all.
------
Hey there fellow Redditors, I just had to vent about something that's been bothering me lately, and I thought this subreddit would be the perfect place for it. So, let me set the scene for you. I'm currently abroad, exploring new cities and having a grand old time. And let me tell you, my days are pretty jam-packed. I walk to the train station, take a train to wherever I feel like going that day, do some exploring, and then hop back on the train to head back to the place I'm staying at - a family friend's house.

Now, here's the thing. I'm an 18-year-old female, and I like to travel solo. It's empowering and gives me a sense of independence. But what really grinds my gears is when random guys on the train feel the need to strike up conversations with me. Look, I get it, if you need to know the time or which stop we're at, I'm happy to help out. But full-blown conversations? No thank you. I purposely make it clear that I don't want to be bothered. I wear headphones, avoid eye contact, and give brief, dismissive responses. Yet, some people just don't seem to get the hint.

I know some of you might think I'm being a bit of an asshole, but honestly, I don't care. I don't owe anyone a conversation just because we happen to be sharing public transportation. Call me selfish, call me rude, I don't care. The fact is, I have every right to enjoy my journey in peace and solitude. I'm not antisocial or anything. I'm open to meeting new people, but it should be on my terms, not theirs.

And before you jump to any conclusions, let me clarify something. I'm not being sexist here. If a woman were to start bombarding me with questions and trying to engage in lengthy chitchats, I'd be equally annoyed. But so far, it's been mostly men who think it's perfectly fine to invade my personal space and my "leave me alone" vibe.

Oh, and for those of you wondering why this even bothered me enough to make a whole post about it, here's the backstory. It all happened when this man approached me, asking about the train destination. I politely answered and thought that would be the end of it. But oh no, he just kept on talking. At that point, annoyance settled in. But guess what? It didn't stop there. When the train stopped, this guy had the audacity to follow me off the train and start digging into my personal life. He asked me my name, age, where I was staying... it was just too much.

Now, I understand that cultural norms may vary from country to country, but where I come from, it's generally considered creepy to approach a woman with headphones on, especially if you're blatantly hitting on her. And trust me, I had every reason to be creeped out when this guy followed me to my taxi, confessing his undying love for me. Seriously, dude, back off!

So, in conclusion, I just wanted to take a moment to share my frustration with all of you. Shutting down advances from strangers on public transit is not something I do to be mean. It's for my own safety and comfort. Unfortunately, there's no way to convey that to complete strangers, which is why I come off as dismissive. Maybe it's a bit of an asshole move, or maybe it's just self-preservation. You be the judge.

Thanks for letting me rant, fellow Redditors. Stay safe out there, and may your train rides be free from unwanted conversations!
------
Hey everyone, I just wanted to vent a bit about this whole Hall of Fame debate and the economic realities of being a professional Magic player. I mean, seriously, it's a joke. So many players are struggling just to break even, while the top dogs barely make enough to cover their expenses. It's a tough world out there for a Magic player.

And then we have Gerry Thompson and his protest. Now, I gotta give the guy credit for speaking out, but honestly, it's kind of stating the obvious, isn't it? Wizards of the Coast (WotC) doesn't pay professional players a living wage. Duh! But hey, if they want to sell us this dream of playing on the Pro Tour, they should at least make it worth achieving.

Let's compare this to other esports for a second. Take Dota 2, for example. Their annual tournament has given away a whopping $25 million in the past two years. And players like Kuro Takhasomi are making hundreds of thousands of dollars annually. I mean, come on, why can't Magic be more like that?

And then there's Hearthstone. Yeah, I know it's not exactly the same, but it's a better comparison to Magic. Did you know that 28 people have made over $100,000 playing Hearthstone? Look at those numbers! People like Wei Lin Chen and Pavel Beltiukov are raking in the dough. Meanwhile, Magic players are scraping by with their tournament earnings.

Sure, Magic players like Paulo Vitor Damo da Rosa or Jon Finkel have made impressive amounts of money, but let's not forget that they've been playing professionally for ages. Even if they've made $500,000 over a span of 15 years, that's only around $33,333 annually. That's peanuts compared to what other esports players are making.

And don't even get me started on all the other costs that Magic players have to deal with. Travel expenses, card prices, you name it. It all adds up. And let's not forget the fact that streaming just isn't as lucrative for Magic players as it is for players of other games. It's a tough gig, my friends.

So, yeah, it's no wonder that Gerry Thompson is protesting and saying that the dream is dead. Can you blame him? WotC needs to wake up and recognize that they're not providing enough earning potential for professional Magic players. It's time for a change.

Will Gerry's protest actually make a difference? Who knows? But hey, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the matter. Let's start a dialogue and hope that WotC finally starts listening to its players.
------
First of all, I want to say thanks for your response. It's great to have a discussion about this topic, even if we have different opinions.

I understand that the total time a customer spends at a restaurant is not the same as the actual length of interaction with the waiter. I didn't mean to imply that the waiter should be waiting next to my table the whole time. That would indeed be creepy and a waste of their time. My example was just to illustrate that, in general, the waiter is providing a service throughout the entire dining experience.

But let's talk about busy situations. You're right, during peak hours when the restaurant is full and everyone is demanding attention, the waiter might miss out on the opportunity to serve other customers and make more money. In those cases, not tipping can have a significant impact on their earnings.

However, I was assuming that the situation described by the OP was not a busy one. They didn't mention anything about going during peak hours, so it's unfair to jump to the worst-case scenario and assume they were costing the waiter money. I purposely made my example narrow to focus on a less busy situation.

Now, I want to make it clear that I don't think it's an asshole move to not tip if you order a simple item and only require minimal attention from the waiter. I'm not saying it's the best practice, but I don't think it justifies verbal abuse or mistreatment. Tipping should not be used as a weapon to demean or insult someone.

I understand that you've had jobs where you were treated poorly and didn't receive tips. Many minimum wage jobs don't expect tips, and that's just the way our society functions. I find it strange how much backlash I get for expressing this opinion. It seems like the only people responding are food service workers who take it personally.

Let me share my own experience. I used to work at Home Depot, operating a saw for eight-hour shifts, catering to customers' specific demands. I did all that for minimum wage without any benefits. And guess what? Nobody tipped me. And that's fine because it's not expected in that industry. So why is it such a big deal in the food service industry?

In my area, the minimum wage for tipped workers is even lower than the standard minimum wage. So my perspective is influenced by those numbers. I'm not trying to undermine the hard work of waitstaff, but I believe we should question the system as a whole.

In conclusion, I appreciate your measured response, and I enjoy having this conversation. I just want to emphasize that my opinion is not meant to demean or devalue the work of waiters. I simply think there are other industries where employees work equally hard, yet tipping is not expected. Let's keep the discussion open and respectful.
------
Alright, let's get straight into it. I just watched that interview between Bill Burr and Stephen Colbert, and I gotta say, what the actual fuck? Did anyone else notice how cold and disrespectful Colbert was towards Burr the entire time? It was like he had a personal vendetta against him or something.

I mean, seriously, did you see the way Colbert asked Burr if there was anything that made him angry? No lead-up, no context, just straight-up putting him on the spot. It was obvious that they had discussed the bits beforehand, so Colbert should have at least set it up properly. But no, he just throws it at Burr and watches him squirm. What a dick move.

And did you see the editing? Awkward as hell. You could tell that Colbert himself was sitting in on the editing process, making sure to cut off any moments of hype. Instead, we got treated to endless shots of Colbert's disapproving, concerned face. It's like he suddenly transformed into Tucker Carlson or something.

There was no back and forth, just rushed questions and dismissive responses. Colbert didn't want to play along with anything Burr said. Every time Burr tried to be funny or make a point, Colbert would shit all over it. And that mug? Come on, even the damn mug felt like an insult.

But here's the real kicker - the clip they rushed into. Colbert had absolutely nothing positive to say about it. He tried to guilt Burr into admitting how much of a shithead he is for depicting his childhood the way he does. Look, we all know Burr had a tough childhood, but he's using it in his comedy because that's his reality. And Colbert couldn't handle that for some reason. He had it out for Burr from the start.

Now, I know Reddit loves Colbert and thinks he's a comedic genius, but personally, I think he's just become a bitter old crank. He's so full of himself and can't stand someone like Burr who doesn't conform to his new pandering, smarmy shtick. I mean, I've never been a fan of the new Colbert, but this is the worst I've seen of him.

And let's be real here, it's not like Burr was avoiding talking about important stuff. He just wasn't talking about what Colbert wanted him to talk about. Burr doesn't go on and on about Trump and all that bullshit, and it seems like that really bothered Colbert. He wanted Burr to promote his feel-good, pussyhat-style populist garbage, but Burr wasn't having any of it.

You could see it in Burr's face throughout the interview - that look of confusion and disbelief, like he was thinking, "What did I do to deserve this? Why are you going after me like this, wtf?" I mean, I know comedians can handle tough interviews, but this was beyond tough. This was fucking brutal.

So yeah, that's my two cents on the matter. And before anyone accuses me of being a Russian troll or a Trump sympathizer, just check my comment history. I've got no hidden agenda here. I'm just an average Redditor who's pissed off at how Burr was treated in that interview.
------
Yo, so I was just scrolling through this subreddit and came across this whole body mass and radiosensitivity thing. Gotta say, it's pretty damn interesting. Like, why the heck do bigger animals have less risk of cancer? No one has a solid answer, but I'm gonna throw my two cents in as a radiation oncologist.

Alright, so check it, larger animals, despite being big ol' units, are actually less prone to getting cancer than smaller animals. It's so weird that there's even a name for it, Peto's paradox or whatever. Anyway, let me break it down for you.

Small insects, right? They're tiny and don't live all that long. So they've evolved to be less sensitive to getting cancer. Their cells are like repair machines on steroids, man. Even if those repair mechanisms aren't the most accurate, it doesn't matter much because insects are more likely to kick the bucket from old age before cancer can get them. Plus, low repair levels would make them toast when facing harsh chemicals or, you know, radiation like from the sun. So it's survival of the fittest, baby!

Now, humans. We're big and we stick around for a while. If our cells were riddled with major DNA damage, they'd rather kick the bucket through apoptosis or some fancy immune system killing instead of going rogue and causing cancer. It's like a self-preservation thing. Can't have us dying left and right from cancer, otherwise, we wouldn't be living as long as we do. So basically, we've got a lower level of repair going on.

Let's talk about DNA double-strand-break repair. It's always making mistakes, man. Don't let those fancy terms fool ya, both "error-prone nhej repair" and "high-fidelity hr repair" can mess up and mess up real bad. And when it comes to radiation-induced damage, cells with lethal double-strand breaks have a bunch of other DNA lesions too. Like, clusters of base damage, which is some hot topic in radiation therapy and space medicine right now.

So here's the thing, repairing those clustered damage sites could screw up our genes and boom, cancer risk. For a long-lived mammal like us, it might be better for our cells to not repair that stuff so efficiently. They sacrifice themselves for the greater good of extending our lifespan. It's like a cellular kamikaze mission, dude.

Now, don't get me wrong, I ain't got hard evidence to back all this up. It's just a hypothesis that makes sense to me, you know? But it's cool to think about how our body size and cancer resistance play into each other. Nature's a wild ride, man.
------
Listen up, folks. I stumbled upon this thread and I just have to say something. Can we please stop with all this wishy-washy talk about beliefs? It's not like picking an ice cream flavor, okay? If something is right, it's right. If it's wrong, it's wrong. Simple as that.

I'm all for having your own opinions, but when it comes to theology, you can't just go around making up your own rules. That's not how it works. We have holy writ and sacred tradition for a reason, people. It tells us what God loves and hates. So if your beliefs don't align with what the church teaches, then maybe you should reconsider calling yourself a member of it.

Let me give you an example. Let's say someone claims to love God but goes against what He clearly hates. Like, if they support things like fornication, infanticide, or denying God's gift of fertility. Come on now, do you really think that's what God wants? And don't even get me started on those who love what God hates, like greed, exploitation, or murder. Seriously, why do we struggle to understand what is so clearly laid out for us in holy writ?

It's like these conservatives who hate what God loves and liberals who love what God hates. We need to be people who truly love God and love our neighbors as ourselves, without all this worldliness getting in the way. When someone says they love God but does things that go against His teachings, it's nothing but a lie. They're contradicting themselves, plain and simple.

Look, I'm not trying to attack anyone here. I just think we need to be honest with ourselves. If we claim to love God, we need to live by His standards. It's not about cherry-picking what we like and ignoring the rest. It's about following the truth, even if it's not always popular or easy.

So, let's stop fooling ourselves and start taking our faith seriously. Let's read holy writ for what it's worth and listen to the teachings of the apostles without twisting them to fit our own desires. It's time to stop loving what the world loves and start loving what God loves.

That's all I have to say. Take it or leave it. But remember, the truth is the truth, whether you like it or not.
------
Wow, this company is a mess! I mean, seriously, have you seen their financial statements? It's like they're playing tricks and trying to deceive us. Let's take a closer look at this disaster.

First of all, on page 12, they mention that they account for cryptocurrencies at cost instead of revaluing them at fair value. They claim it's to avoid volatility, but come on, we all know what they're really trying to do - hide the true value of their holdings. They've got about 1 million BCH and around 60 million USD worth of other coins like BTC, Dash, LTC, and ETH, but they're pretending it's only worth about 1 billion USD. Give me a break! Just two days ago, 1 million BCH alone was worth a whopping 400 million USD. Add that to the other odds and ends, and we're talking about 500-600 million tops.

And get this, in explaining their net negative cash flow on page 11, they say that they can just sell their highly liquid assets to solve any liquidity problems. Sure, sounds easy, right? Well, what do you think would happen if they tried to sell 1 million BCH on the open market to satisfy their needs? It would be a disaster! The market would crash, and they'd be left with peanuts. So much for their brilliant plan.

But wait, there's more! On pages 40 and 45, they talk about their inventory. Apparently, they prepaid suppliers a whopping 1.2 billion USD in 2017 and 2018. That's a lot of money! And guess what? They even admit that having such high inventory levels can lead to increased costs, obsolescence, and write-offs. Surprise, surprise! They also mention that they may not accurately estimate costs or pass on any increases to customers. Well, well, well, their profit margin has been decreasing from 52% in 2015 to a measly 36% in 2017. Something doesn't add up here.

Let's do some quick math, shall we? They were making a profit of 36% on an S9 mining device that cost around 1,500 USD. That means their cost was roughly 1,100 USD. Now, an S9 is selling for a mere 440 USD. That's a whopping 60% loss! And yet, on page 216, they have the audacity to list their inventory asset at 887 million USD. Seriously, are they living in a fantasy land?

It's pretty clear that they haven't followed proper accounting practices. They should have valued their assets using the most conservative method, which would result in the lowest valuation. But no, they've inflated their reported assets and minimized their net negative cash flow by using this cost accounting trick. It's downright unethical.

In conclusion, this company is a disaster waiting to happen. Their financial statements are a joke, and they're trying to pull the wool over our eyes. I wouldn't touch this investment with a ten-foot pole! Stay far away, my fellow Redditors, unless you want to get burned by this tire fire of a company.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I stumbled upon this post and couldn't help but roll my eyes at the question being asked. I mean seriously, how clueless can someone be? So let me break it down for you in simple terms.

First of all, yes, there are satellites out there that have polar orbits. And no, it's not just because they want to take fancy pictures of the polar regions. There are actually legit reasons for it. Take the Copernicus Sentinels for example, they have near-polar orbits so they can cover a larger area and get those sweet repeat patterns over the mid-latitudes where Europe is. So yeah, it's not just about pretty pictures, there's some science behind it.

Now, why don't we have a satellite with a polar orbit that can capture a half-Earth image? Well, let me tell you, it's probably because it's just not practical. You see, most satellites hanging out at that distance from Earth are those geostationary weather ones. They have to stay fixed in one position above their longitude so they can snap images of the same area every 15 minutes. If they were moving all over the place, it would take them forever to get back to the right spot. And we ain't got time for that!

But here's the thing, these geostationary satellites can only pull off this magic trick on an equatorial orbit. Why? Because they need to match the Earth's angular speed. It's like trying to keep up with a moving treadmill, you gotta go at the same pace. So if we were to slap a satellite in a polar orbit at that distance, guess what? It would take around a whole day to circle back to the pole it started from. And let's not forget about the lighting conditions, they change with the seasons, so we'd only be able to snap pictures of one pole each half year. Yeah, not exactly efficient, right?

Let's not forget that satellite images are much more than just eye candy. Those remote sensing specialists out there make use of a ton of data from these satellites. I'm talking about serious analysis stuff here. So if we have a super expensive satellite floating up there, producing images with a lousy spatial resolution (yeah, 1 kilometer per pixel because of the distance), and can only manage to take one measly image per day of the region we're interested in, well guess what? That's not useful at all!

You know what's way more effective? Getting closer to the Earth. Yeah, those satellites that hang out in low Earth orbit can snap way better pictures. We just gotta stitch 'em together to get a larger image. It's all about combining the power of multiple satellites, my friend. So while your idea of a satellite orbit might be possible, it's just not practical when it comes to research.

And let me clear something up about satellite orbits. They just need to orbit around the Earth's gravitational center. The direction or height doesn't really matter. Well, within certain limits, of course. Like you don't wanna go too close to the atmosphere 'cause it's gonna mess things up. And getting too close to the sun or other celestial bodies can throw a wrench in the works too. But hey, with a bit of time and patience, you can get those satellites into pretty much any orbit you want.

Alright, rant over. I hope this clears things up for you. Next time, do some basic research before asking silly questions. And for those of you who found this post helpful, you're welcome. Stay curious, my friends.
------
Alright, listen up you bunch of dummies! I just came across a post where everyone was yapping about how if you have powerful front brakes, you can forget about using the rear brakes altogether. They were all like, "Why bother using the rear when the front is doing all the work?" Well, let me tell you something, you clueless morons, there are plenty of reasons why you should be using your rear brake every single time you slow down on your bike. Strap in and get ready to learn something for once in your lives.

First off, using your rear brake helps keep your bike upright. Yeah, that's right, it stabilizes the rear and makes your turns smoother than a baby's bottom. Even just a little bit of pressure on the rear brake while you're entering a turn will give you a more predictable route and keep your bike more vertical. And we all know that keeping the bike upright is the whole point of leaning your body into those turns in the first place, right? So stop being lazy and start using that rear brake, especially on slippery surfaces and in parking lots. It'll make a world of difference.

Now, let's talk about diving and bouncing. When you grab those front brakes like a maniac, your weight is gonna compress the forks and cause some bouncing action. But guess what? If you have your rear brake engaged, it'll keep that swing arm in check and limit the range of motion. You can test this out for yourself, idiots. Just stop with a decent amount of rear brake, hold it until you're stopped, and then release it. Watch how your bike kicks up a bit as the swingarm returns to its natural position. That rear brake is gonna prevent your front end from diving and bouncing too much, so you can brake harder and faster. Get it together, people!

Oh, and here's another gem for you imbeciles: using your rear brake will smooth out your engine braking. Yeah, that's right. When you're shifting gears and slowing down, just lightly apply that rear brake and your bike will feel way more predictable. It's like magic, except it's not magic, it's common sense.

But wait, there's more! Using your rear brake can also help keep you from lowsiding. Picture this: you're losing grip on your front tire, things are getting sketchy, but boom! The rear tire, being braked, straightens out the bike and saves your sorry butt from a nasty spill. It's not gonna work miracles or anything, but it might just give you that extra stability and predictability you need in sticky situations. And let's be real, you numbskulls are bound to encounter some oil or shitty pavement at some point, so better be prepared.

You know what else? Sometimes your rear tire starts fish tailing as you stop. It happens, especially on crappy roads. But here's the thing, if you actually bother to get a good feel for when your rear locks up and how it handles, you might actually find it fun instead of terrifying. Crazy concept, right? So stop being scared and embrace the wiggles.

And here's a hard truth for you: your bike is always trying to fall over. That's right, no matter what you do, that sucker wants to hit the ground. So when you're turning and not on the throttle, you better be on those damn brakes. It's the only way to keep your bike from wobbling and picking a side to fall on. Need proof? Go to a parking lot and make tight turns without using the throttle. Bet you won't be able to keep it on the same line without losing momentum and stability. But if you use a little rear brake and throttle, you can make those tight, stable circles like a boss. Just don't come crying to me if you crash, alright?

And here's the final kick in the pants: there's absolutely no excuse for lazy riding. If you're the type of person who's wasting their precious time scrolling through motorcycle tips on Reddit, then you sure as hell better take the effort and do it right. Your bike will feel completely different, and you'll have way more confidence in your ability to handle any corner or braking situation that comes your way. So quit being lazy and start using that rear brake like a pro.

TL;DR: Watch "Twist of the Wrist" and actually try things out on your bike instead of just mindlessly reading Reddit. It's time to step up your game and start using your rear brake every damn time you slow down. Trust me, your bike and your skills will thank you.
------
Ok, first of all, let me just say that I am so freaking annoyed with Blizzard and their stupid decision to remove the ability to gear up through PvP in World of Warcraft. Like seriously, what the hell were they thinking? It was the perfect way for casual players like me to catch up on gear for our alts without having to waste hours and hours doing PvE content that we hate.

Back in Warlords of Draenor, you could just spam Ashran all day long and get a full set of gear from honor. Sure, it wasn't the absolute best gear ever, but it was still decent enough for entry-level stuff. And let's be real here, nobody wants to spend their precious time grinding for top-tier gear when they have a freaking life outside of the game. So being able to gear up quickly through PvP was like a godsend.

But noooooo, Blizzard just had to take that away from us. They claimed that it was unfair for PvE players who didn't want to do PvP to feel like they had to in order to gear up. Um, hello? PvE players already had their own freaking ways to gear up, they just chose to be lazy and take the easy way out by complaining about PvP gearing options.

And don't even get me started on the so-called catch-up mechanics they introduced in Legion. Yeah, sure, you could buy stuff on your main and send them to your alts to gear them up instantly. But let's be real here, that's even worse than the old PvP gearing system. At least before, you had to actually play your alt and earn the gear. Now, you can just buy your way to power without any effort whatsoever. Talk about rewarding laziness.

I mean, seriously, what is wrong with Blizzard? Did they forget that this is a game? Games are supposed to be fun, not a freaking chore. And forcing PvP players to do PvE content just to gear up is the epitome of not fun. It's like they don't even care about their player base anymore. They're just catering to the whiny entitled PvE players who can't be bothered to step out of their comfort zone and try something new.

If Blizzard would just bring back the good old days of gearing up through PvP, I guarantee you that I would be playing all of my alts way more often. It would actually give me a reason to stay subscribed longer. But no, they won't do that because apparently, they only care about pleasing the crybabies who refuse to do anything other than PvE.

So yeah, thanks a lot Blizzard, for ruining what used to be a great game. Thanks for taking away our options and forcing us to do content we don't enjoy. Thanks for catering to the entitled PvE players who can't handle a little PvP action. And thanks for making me seriously consider canceling my subscription because honestly, I'm just not sure if it's worth it anymore.
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I'm about to give you the real lowdown on this whole airline pilot gig. First things first, let's talk about crew meals, or as we like to call them, the elusive "free lunch" that we all dream of. Now, here's the cold hard truth - most of us don't get crew meals. Nope, not a chance. Sure, some lucky pilots in certain airlines might get leftovers from first class, but for the rest of us, it's slim pickings.

You see, airlines are all about one thing and one thing only: profit. They're not in the business of giving out freebies to their employees. If they were to start providing meals to us all the time, well guess what? Someone's gotta pay for it, and that someone happens to be Mr. Airline's precious bottom line. They don't want that line to take a hit, oh no. In fact, back in the 80s, American Airlines had the audacity to remove just one lousy olive from each first class meal, and you know what? It saved them a cool $300,000 a year. So imagine if they actually splurged on a whole meal for each pilot. Yeah, fat chance.

Now, let's move on to the topic of changing planes. It's like playing a game of roulette every day, my friends. Sometimes you're stuck with the same plane for all your flights, but other times you're changing planes more than you change your socks. And trust me, there are countless reasons for this madness. Maybe some planes have broken things that need fixing before they can fly again. Or maybe there's a more serious issue, but the plane can still fly, so they want to send it to a specific city where they have a maintenance base. You see, not all airlines have maintenance facilities at their hubs. These regionals, bless their hearts, often have mechanics in smaller towns like South Bend, Boise, Knoxville, and Des Moines. It's like a secret society of airplane fixers.

Oh, and here's a little secret for you - starting in a new airport every day is actually pretty damn common. It's called an "overnight," and it's when pilots and flight attendants have to stay in a different city overnight before their next flight. So, while they may have a home base where they start and finish their trips, they still have to get to those random small-town airports bright and early. Ever wondered how a pilot magically appeared at that tiny airport for that 6am flight? Well, they were probably already there, chilling in their hotel room the night before. A typical day usually involves flying from the hub to an outstation, then back to the hub (or maybe another hub if the airline feels like mixing things up), and then off to another outstation. Rinse and repeat for 3-5 days, and then finally, they get to go back home.

But wait, there's more! On that last day, when they finally arrive back at their home base, some pilots drive home if they live in the area, while others have to endure the joy of commuting. Yep, you heard it right. We commute. It's a common practice in this business. Some of us hop on another airplane using our travel benefits or snag a jumpseat on a different carrier just to get back to our humble abodes. Personally, I'm part of the commuting club, and let me tell you, it's a wild ride.

So, my friends, there you have it. The life of an airline pilot. It's not all glamorous first class meals and fancy layovers in exotic cities. Nope, it's a lot of plane swapping, overnight stays in strange towns, and the inevitable commute back home. But hey, it's all part of the job, and once you get the hang of it, it becomes second nature. Feel free to ask me anything if you need any clarification on this ramble-fest of mine.
------
Okay, listen up y'all. I gotta lay it down for you on this propofol vs. ketamine debate. So strap in and get ready for some real talk.

Let's start with how these bad boys work. Propofol is all about increasing gaba stimulation in the central nervous system, while ketamine takes a completely different route. It's an nmda receptor antagonist, which basically means it stops or antagonizes those receptors that cause excitation in your brain. We don't know all the fancy details of how these drugs work, but we know this much.

Now, when it comes to clinical stuff, ketamine has some perks that might make it more appealing in certain situations. Propofol, on the other hand, can mess with your blood pressure, especially at high doses. It can even knock you out and make it hard for you to breathe. Plus, it doesn't do squat for pain. Ketamine, on the other hand, can make your heart race like it's tryna win a marathon, increase your blood pressure, and make you drool like a slobbering dog. But hey, at least it's good at killing pain. Both drugs can make you forget what happened, though, so at least you won't have to relive any embarrassing moments.

Now here's where things get interesting. Ketamine has this superpower where most people keep on breathing even when they're pumped full of it. This is important in a special case called cardiac tamponade. Basically, if you're already bleeding and your blood pressure is low, ketamine might be a safer bet than propofol.

So when we're deciding which knockout juice to use, we gotta weigh the risks and benefits. If you've been in a gnarly car wreck and you're bleeding like a stuck pig, ketamine might be the way to go. We don't wanna mess with your already low blood pressure, ya dig? But if you've got a bad ticker, ketamine might not be your best buddy. It can crank up your heart rate and make your heart muscles scream for oxygen, possibly leading to a heart attack. And hey, arrhythmia's ain't no joke, but usually only the old farts with a weak ticker need to worry about that. Look, I could keep going on about this, but you get the picture. Maybe you were in an accident when you got your surgery, and that's why they considered ketamine.

Now let's address the second part of your question. What happens if some life-threatening crap goes down during your surgery? Well, my friend, we handle it. Anesthesia peeps like me are trained to deal with all sorts of crazy situations. We got all this knowledge about fancy drugs and how they mess with your body, and we use that knowledge to keep you safe and blissfully unaware. And don't you worry, we don't fly solo on this gig. We got a whole team of anesthesiologists and nurse anesthetists ready to jump in and help if things go south.

And you know what? Patients ain't always gonna wake up right after a procedure. That decision gets made based on a bunch of factors, like how long the surgery was, how your body's doing, and a whole bunch of other stuff that would bore you to death if I went into detail. Let's just say we make that call when the time is right.

So there you have it, folks. I hope I've enlightened you a bit on the propofol vs. ketamine battle. Remember, anesthesia is like having a toolbox full of tricks, and we use those tricks to keep you alive and well. Now go forth and spread this newfound knowledge to the masses. And don't forget to stay woke!
------
Alright, listen up folks. I saw your post and thought I'd give you some advice, but let's get real here. Your freckles on your lids ain't that big of a deal, so before you go crazy with the makeup, see if they bother you after you've actually applied it. Trust me, sometimes a natural look can make you look more youthful.

Now let's talk about eye primer. This stuff ain't just for covering up your freckles, it's to make sure your liner and shadow stay put and don't end up all over your face. Waterproof pencils are your best bet, and I recommend the Urban Decay 24/7 or L'Oreal Infallible ones. Those babies work well with primer, but without it, they're a hot mess. Oh, and I've heard good things about the NYX slide on pencils too, but I can't vouch for them myself.

Alright, let's get into the nitty-gritty of making your eyes look bigger. One key trick is to make the outer corner darker and the inner corner lighter. It gives your eyes some definition and makes your lashes look thicker. When you apply eyeliner along the upper lash line, don't expect it to show up too much, but it'll still define your eyes. I like thickening up the line toward the outer corner and bringing it higher, so just a little bit shows. It gives that normal liner effect and makes the outer corner pop. And hey, don't forget to make the line thinner toward the middle of the eye, you don't want to look like a clown, do you?

Now, onto eyeshadow. You want to pat on a darker shadow on the outer corner with a small brush. Remember, our eyes are small, so everything should be scaled down. If you press your lid with your finger, you can feel where your eyeball ends and your eye socket begins. Don't bring your daily work eyeshadow all the way up to the end of the socket, because that's just excessive. Instead, brush on a little matte dark eyeshadow there. For the rest of the lid, go for a shimmery coppery or orangey shade. The key here is to blend the darker color with the lighter one really well, so there's no harsh line. You want it to diffuse into your skin and create a seamless look. Always remember, darker and higher on the outer corner, and lower and lighter on the inner.

Now, lots of people with our eye shape do a cat flick, but personally, I find that a puppy dog liner style makes my eyes look bigger. Trust me, filling in that little outer corner with the pencil liner works like a charm. It's a game-changer, my friends.

Now, if you're just starting out with eyeshadow, I'd suggest going for sheerer, less pigmented shades that are similar to your skin tone. Get comfortable with applying eyeshadow before you go all out. But on the other hand, go wild with your eyeliner! Have fun with it. Apply your dark defining liner to, well, define your lash line, and then layer a fun eyeliner on top. Maybe a glittery one or a bright one, whatever floats your boat.

If you want to experiment with different eyeshadows without breaking the bank, hit up the drugstore. They usually have sales on quads and duos, so you can try out different undertones, finishes, and color families. Or better yet, ask a friend if you can borrow their collection and play around with it. Trust me, I've done it plenty of times, and it's a great way to figure out what looks good on you. And honestly, the expensive brushes are nice and all, but ELF and Joe Fresh brushes work just as well, so save yourself some cash.

So there you have it, my friends. My best advice for enhancing your eyes without going overboard. Remember, it's all about finding what works for you and having fun with it. Good luck, and stay fabulous!
------
Hey, I gotta be honest here... What the hell are you even talking about? I mean, seriously, I can't make head or tail of this word vomit.

First of all, who gives a flying fudge about the Old Testament? It's like ancient history, man. We're living in the 21st century, we've got smartphones and Netflix, who needs some dusty old book to tell us how to live our lives? And don't get me started on all that religious mumbo jumbo. The OT might have some "truth" and "wisdom," but let's be real here, it's just a bunch of stories and metaphors. Ain't nobody got time for that.

And then you start blabbering about God being a homicidal maniac? Dude, chill. I mean, sure, there are some hardcore Christians who see the OT as the word of God and take it super seriously, but that's not the norm, alright? Most Catholics these days focus on Jesus and his teachings, not some ancient texts. So no, Catholicism is not based on the OT, it's based on Jesus. Get your facts straight, bro.

Oh, and by the way, what's up with the whole "jesuit catholicism" thing? It's just Catholicism, man. No need to complicate things with all these fancy names. I mean, seriously, are you trying to sound smart or something? It's not working, just so you know.

And don't even get me started on "progressive." So apparently, being a Catholic means you gotta be politically progressive now? Give me a break. Pope Francis might be a Jesuit and all, but that doesn't mean all Catholics have to be bleeding-heart liberals. Catholicism is about spirituality, prayer, and all that jazz, not about a specific political stance. So keep your political agenda out of my religion, alright?

And hey, I'm glad you know all about Jesuit stuff. Good for you, Mr. Religious Meditation Class. But let me remind you, being a Catholic means you gotta agree with the Church on moral teachings. It's part of being in "perfect communion" or whatever. So yeah, maybe God won't send you to hell for being a sinner, but you still gotta follow the rules, dude. Don't go thinking you can just cherry-pick what you want to believe and call yourself a Catholic.

But hey, let me just say this - this whole argument is pointless. You and I are wasting our time bickering about semantics and trying to discredit each other. It's not doing anyone any good, least of all the guy we were originally arguing with. So how about we get off our high horses and actually try to help people, instead of making Catholics look bad? Just a thought.

Alright, rant over. Peace out, fellow Redditors. Let's all go watch some cat videos or something, because that's way more entertaining than this nonsense.
------
Hey everyone, so I just wanted to share this crazy experience I had recently and see if anyone else has dealt with something similar. So, here's the lowdown:

I work at this company and there are a bunch of dudes who just can't seem to get their act together when it comes to how they treat women. I mean, seriously, what is wrong with these guys? Let me break it down for you.

First off, there's this one guy who was not even part of my company. He was just a classmate of mine back in college. Can you believe that he had the audacity to hit on me during our college years? Like dude, seriously, how desperate can you be? Thankfully, I reported his sorry ass to HR and they took care of it.

Then, there are these two married idiots from work who think it's totally cool to ask me out or flirt with me outside of work hours. Like, excuse me? Who do these guys think they are? But here's the thing, it didn't affect me at work, so I didn't bother going to HR about it. I mean, they're just a couple of sleazebags, right?

Oh, but wait, there's more! There's this other guy from my job, who decided to ask me out after work. When I turned him down, he got all passive-aggressive over text. Like, seriously dude, take a hint and move on! But hey, at least he didn't bring his drama into the office, so I let it slide.

Now, I know what some of you might be thinking. "Why don't you just go to HR every time something like this happens?" Well, my friends, it's because sometimes these things just don't seem like HR's problem. I mean, if it's happening outside of work and it's not affecting my job, then I don't see the point in making a big fuss about it.

But let me tell you, it's truly mind-boggling to see how many men out there just can't seem to respect boundaries. It's like they think they can say or do whatever they want without any consequences. Newsflash, fellas: we're not objects for your entertainment!

So, has anyone else experienced this kind of nonsense in their workplace? How did you deal with it? Let's hear your stories and frustrations because I know I'm not the only one dealing with these clueless jerks. Let's support each other and maybe even come up with some strategies to shut them down once and for all!

Sorry for the rant, guys. Just needed to get this off my chest. To all the decent guys out there, keep doing what you're doing and treating women with respect. And to all the jerks who think they can get away with this crap, karma will catch up to you eventually.
------
Man, let me just say, I cannot even begin to understand why people are so into Austrian economists and libertarianism. Like seriously, what the hell is their deal? They don't believe in public goods or nations, and instead, they're all about a bunch of rules. And here's the best part, they don't even care what happens to us because of those rules! It's like they're playing some sort of messed up experiment and we're just the lab rats.

These Austrians try to sound all smart with their fancy wordplay, but it's nothing more than a load of crap. They love this idea of methodological individualism, where everything is about individuals and societies don't matter. According to them, if something is good for one person, then it must be good for everyone. It's like a math equation, except it doesn't work in the real world. I mean, come on, if societies didn't exist, how the hell could we do anything together? How could we form businesses or cooperate with each other? It's just plain ridiculous.

But wait, it gets even better! These Austrians actually think that their messed up philosophy can be used as an ethical guide. Yeah, you heard me right, they mix their individualism with subjectivism to come up with some twisted version of ethical egoism. Basically, if an action fulfills an individual's desires, no matter how crazy or self-destructive it may seem, it's considered rational and moral. Can you believe that? They'll justify anything as long as it serves their needs. That's why they have no problem talking about organ donor markets or crypto-assassination markets. They never stop to think about the ethics or implications because they're too busy patting themselves on the back for being so damn "rational."

And oh my god, don't even get me started on their views about monopolies. These Austrians actually think that monopolies can only exist because of government intervention. They believe that if people are unhappy with a monopoly, they'll just magically create a new business to compete with it. It's like they live in some fantasy world. They completely ignore the fact that barriers to entry and insider deals can make it impossible for new businesses to emerge. And their excuse? Oh, they'll tell you that business practices aren't enforced at gunpoint, so it's all voluntary. Yeah, right. Try telling that to someone who has no choice but to use a monopoly service because there's no alternative. Their arguments are just full of holes.

Honestly, I don't understand how anyone can buy into this Austrian economics and libertarianism crap. It's just a bunch of nonsense wrapped in fancy language. So if you ask me, save yourself the headache and stay far away from these guys.

URL: [insert URL here]
------
Man, I've been seeing so many posts about this issue lately, and no one seems to be talking about why the hell people aren't getting punished for it. Seriously, this shit is out of control, especially on the US East server. I mean, if you're immortal ranked or you watch high MMR NA/SA streamers, you know exactly what I'm talking about.

First of all, intentional feeders are somehow managing to avoid reports like it's their goddamn job. It doesn't matter what MMR bracket you're in, this is a universal problem. But seriously, three reports a week? Are you kidding me? That's nothing when you consider how many games these top-tier players are grinding every day. Someone can just ruin a game by running down mid or destroying items once a day and still get away with it if they play a bunch of games and don't get mass reported in all of them. Valve really needs to rethink their whole report system. Reports should be based on the number of games played, not some arbitrary weekly limit. And let's not even get started on how they dish out punishments based on reports received over a certain number of games, rather than within a certain timeframe. It's all backwards.

Now, here's where things get really messed up in the highest MMR games. The damn report cooldown is way too long, several weeks! But guess what? You're likely to end up playing with the same players multiple times a day. So if someone decides to intentionally ruin more than one game on your team within a few weeks, tough luck, you can't report them for it. And here's another kicker, if someone else takes an abandon for their team because of some griefer, no one can report that griefer unless they stick around until the end of the game. Like seriously, why would anyone want to do that? It defeats the whole purpose of someone trying to do their teammates a favor by taking an abandon.

And because Valve's automated punishment system is about as effective as a wet noodle, you've got these assholes who actually name their accounts "I will feed if X is on my team." They know damn well that reporting them won't do shit, so they feel like the only way to "punish" other players is by doing the exact same thing on their own team and ruining yet another game. It's a vicious cycle, man. Even the most notorious game ruiners rarely end up in low priority, let alone getting any kind of ban. On US East, we've got players like Liangy, Nikitta, Geza, Sladin, Lucifer Morningstar, Bloody Nine, and Leostyle. These clowns are famous for being serial griefers who run down mid or destroy their items if they don't get their precious role or if they think the game is a lost cause. And you know what happens then? Other players start ruining games when they end up on the same team. It's a goddamn disaster.

But wait, there's more! In the immortal bracket, behavior score doesn't mean shit when it comes to matchmaking. Unlike in other MMR brackets, this problem is especially rampant on EU servers where there are more players. So even the most blatant griefers can queue up and play like it's all fine and dandy as long as their MMR is high enough. I don't know if there's anything that can be done about this without affecting queue times, but it's definitely worth highlighting this fucked up situation.

So there you have it, folks. The real reasons why this feeding and griefing problem persists in our beloved game. Valve seriously needs to pull their heads out of their asses and start taking some real action. We want justice, we want punishment, we want to be able to play a goddamn game without worrying about some jackass ruining it for everyone else. Get your shit together, Valve. The community deserves better.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Guardians? I gotta get something off my chest about Destiny 2. So let's talk about vanilla D2, man. Look, I get it, it wasn't the worst thing ever, but it was seriously lacking in content. Once you hit that 2-3 week mark, you were pretty much done with the game. And compared to the first Destiny, that was a huge disappointment, man.

I mean, D1 had that grind feel to it, ya know? There was always something to chase. Exotics, god roll legendaries, all that good stuff. But D2 vanilla? Nah, it didn't have any of that. It was like a slap in the face to us hardcore D1 players. We were expecting that infinite grind, but instead we got a big fat nothing. I was like, why the hell should I even bother?

Then they dropped that first DLC, and let me tell you, it added next to nothing. Didn't fix the core issues, just left us hanging. That's when a lot of people straight up wrote the game off. But hey, let's not throw out the baby with the bathwater, right? The base game wasn't exactly terrible, it just had a damn hard limit on the content.

But then along came Warmind, and it breathed some life back into this game. Okay, random rolls still weren't back, but they added these challenging quest lines. You actually had to work for those badass guns, man. And the new raid lair? Finally some proper challenge, not to mention strikes actually had purpose again.

And then, out of nowhere, they dropped the Whispers of the Worm mission, and damn, it was like a blast from the past. Some dude on Reddit stumbled upon this random portal during a public event, and it launched a whole new mission. For the first half, it was this insane jumping puzzle, and let me tell ya, I failed miserably on my first try. But that's what made it exciting, man. The mystery, the rush of trying to figure it out.

So you make it through the jumping section, which by the way, gets easier once you've done it a few times. And then you're faced with a room full of tough enemies. And then another room, and another. And finally, you reach the last room with a bunch of bosses. If you manage to kill 'em all, you get rewarded with the best damn sniper in the game, man. Highest DPS, infinite ammo if you can land those crits. It's a freaking masterpiece, and a throwback to a fan favorite gun from D1.

But it doesn't end there, my friends. You unlock the Heroic version, with different modifiers each week. And if you can find all the hidden chests and complete it on Heroic, you make progress on an exotic catalyst. This thing makes the gun even stronger, man. It's like a never-ending cycle of badassery.

And that's not even the half of it. They've added so many other awesome exotic missions, PVP is actually balanced for once, and we've got not one, not two, but three raids! Destiny 2 is finally looking up, my dudes.

Then came the summer solstice event, bringing a whole new armor grind. Plus, the prestige raid lairs dropping weapons at a higher power level than ever before. It's just endless stuff to do, man. And then, Forsaken came along. The biggest damn DLC Destiny has ever seen. I'm talking major fixes, loads of new content, and customizable loadouts. It's like Bungie heard our cries and delivered, man.

Random rolls are back, so there's a reason to keep grinding. Exotics actually feel exotic, and they're not just handed to you on a silver platter (although some people are whining about how rare they are). PVP? It's the best it's ever been, hands down. And that new PVEVP mode? Holy shit, it's insanely fun.

Oh, and did I mention the new locations? Two of 'em, man. One for leveling up, and the other is a public area designed specifically for end game content. Challenges and rotations every damn week, it keeps things fresh. And the power grind? It's back, baby. You won't be max level in a couple of weeks anymore. You'll have to work your ass off for that gear, just like the good ol' days.

So, yeah, Destiny 2 has come a long way, my friends. From a lackluster vanilla game to this amazing Forsaken expansion, it's been a wild ride. And honestly, I couldn't be more stoked about it. Keep grinding, Guardians! Peace out.
------
Hey, I stumbled upon this thread and just had to chime in with my thoughts. So, let's get right into it.

First of all, I couldn't help but notice your point about the failure of the market being the result of participants not acting on the provided information. Sure, the information may have been available to everyone, but let's be real here - not everyone has the time or resources to constantly stay updated and make split-second decisions based on market fluctuations. It's easy to say that those who didn't act on the information are at fault, but life isn't always that simple.

And speaking of information, you mentioned that poor information is worse than no information. While I can see where you're coming from, I think it's a bit unfair to blame participants for underestimating the risk involved. Let's face it, the market is a complex beast and even the most experienced traders can get it wrong sometimes. We're all human, after all, and making mistakes is part of the learning process.

Now, let's talk about speculators. You mentioned that they made a killing from this market change, and you seem to have mixed feelings about it. On one hand, you acknowledge that they helped prevent thousands of sigils from being destroyed, which ultimately increased supply and potentially lowered prices. But on the other hand, you seem to think that their actions are morally questionable.

Here's what I think: speculators are just playing the game. They saw an opportunity and took advantage of it. If anything, they should be commended for their foresight and willingness to take risks. After all, they're the ones who are willing to hold onto those sigils and wait for a better use for them, while others just sell them off to vendors for a quick profit. It's not greed, it's strategy.

Now, let's address the notion that only a select few winners actually win due to ability alone. While it may be true that luck, timing, and unfair advantages play a role in financial success, it doesn't mean that ability doesn't matter at all. Sure, some people may get lucky breaks, but there are plenty of examples of individuals who have achieved success through hard work, knowledge, and skill. It's not all just about leprechauns and unicorns, my friend.

But here's the thing: expecting a free market to be fair to all and have only winners is unrealistic. The reality is that the market is inherently imperfect and influenced by various factors beyond individual ability. It's a game where some win big and others lose out. Blaming Anet or anyone else for this is like blaming the weather for ruining your picnic. It's just the nature of the beast.

Now, let's touch on the idea that the system should work for all ability levels. While I understand the sentiment behind this, I have to say that it's a flawed concept. In life, not everything is tailored to fit each individual's ability level. Sometimes, we have to step up and improve ourselves to meet the challenges presented to us. It's called personal growth, and it's essential for success in any aspect of life.

So, instead of expecting the system to cater to our individual abilities, why not strive to raise our own ability levels? It's a more proactive approach that empowers individuals to take control of their own destinies rather than relying on external factors to level the playing field.

In conclusion, my fellow Redditors, change is inevitable, markets fluctuate, and winners and losers arise. It's the nature of the game. Instead of pointing fingers and placing blame, let's focus on adapting, learning, and making the most of the opportunities that come our way. That's what being a participant in the market is all about.

And remember, nothing has changed in terms of obtaining the sigil. It still requires effort, ability, and determination. So, let's keep pushing forward and embracing the challenges that come our way. Cheers!
------
Alright, first of all, let's address this whole argument about whether the fetus is a baby or not. Look, I get it, some people want to call it a baby from the moment of conception, but let's be real here. We're talking about a tiny cluster of cells that hasn't even developed into anything resembling a human being yet. It's a fetus, plain and simple. Calling it a baby just seems like a way to tug at people's heartstrings and manipulate the conversation.

And sure, the fetus may have a full DNA code by the first week, but that doesn't change the fact that it's inside the woman's body without her consent. It doesn't matter how it got there or whose DNA it has, the key point here is bodily autonomy. Every person has the right to decide what happens to their own body, and that includes whether or not they want to continue a pregnancy.

Now, I know some people might argue that women who don't want to have a baby are just being selfish or making a decision based on societal reasons like financial stability. But let me ask you this, why does it matter why someone doesn't want to have a baby? It's their choice, plain and simple. Whether they feel their rights are being violated or they simply don't want the responsibility, it doesn't change the fact that they should be able to make that decision for themselves.

And let's not forget about the whole argument that just because someone violates your rights, it doesn't give you the right to kill them. Look, I'm not saying that ending a pregnancy is the same as killing a person. We're not talking about a fully formed, conscious human being here. We're talking about a potential life, yes, but one that relies entirely on the woman's body to survive. If she doesn't want to continue that support, forcing her to do so would be a violation of her bodily autonomy.

I mean, think about it. If someone was using your body against your will, wouldn't you want the right to say no and make them stop? And let's not forget that pregnancy is a huge deal, both physically and mentally. It can have serious implications for a woman's health and well-being. So why should she be forced to go through something that she doesn't want or that could potentially harm her?

In the end, I think it's important to remember that this issue is not black and white. It's complex and deeply personal. We should be focusing on supporting women and their right to make decisions about their own bodies, rather than trying to impose our own beliefs onto them. So let's have a little empathy and respect for each other's choices, even if we don't necessarily agree.
------
Wow, what a load of crap! Seriously, who even believes this garbage? I mean, come on, it's so obvious that this is just another attempt by the biased media to attack President Trump. They're always trying to find something, anything, to make him look bad.

First of all, who cares if Mueller subpoenaed records from Deutsche Bank? This doesn't prove anything! Just because they're a lender to Trump doesn't mean there's some big conspiracy going on. Trump knows exactly what he borrowed, when he borrowed it, and when he paid it back. He's got it all under control, unlike these so-called journalists who are just spreading lies.

And let's not forget about the fact that even Mueller's own team member said that the subpoenas don't involve the president or his finances. So why is anyone even talking about this? Oh, right, because they want to make Trump look guilty by association. It's ridiculous!

The New York Times, of course, has to jump on this bandwagon too. They love trying to connect Trump to some kind of Russian money laundering scheme. Give me a break! There's no evidence to support these claims, just wild speculation and wishful thinking from the left-wing media.

And let's not forget about the history between Trump and Deutsche Bank. So what if other major banks stopped loaning him money? That doesn't mean anything. It's not like Trump has ever filed for bankruptcy or anything. Oh wait, he has? Well, that's beside the point! The fact is, Deutsche Bank has been a reliable lender to Trump for years, and there's nothing wrong with that.

Sure, maybe Deutsche Bank had some issues with the Justice Department and faced some fines. But does that mean Trump is guilty of anything? Absolutely not! These are just unrelated matters being lumped together to try and create a false narrative.

And the cherry on top is the Times reporting that US banking regulators were reviewing loans made to Trump by Deutsche Bank. Big deal! They review lots of loans all the time. It's just routine. It doesn't mean there's some scandal lurking in the shadows.

So, in conclusion, this whole article is a load of BS. It's nothing more than another desperate attempt to smear President Trump and undermine his administration. But you know what? It's not going to work. We see through the lies and we stand with our president. Keep trying, mainstream media, but we won't be fooled. Trump 2020!
------
Hey guys, I need to get something off my chest. I've been lurking on this subreddit for a while now, and I gotta say, some of the stuff I see here just blows my mind. But you know what? I'm tired of keeping quiet. I've got my own story to share, and trust me, it's a doozy.

So let me start by saying that I don't have any solutions or words of wisdom for you. I'm just here to rant and vent about my messed up relationship. Strap in, folks, 'cause it's gonna be a wild ride.

So there I was, a few months into the relationship, thinking about bailing. Yeah, you heard that right. I actually considered leaving her. Her bipolar disorder was acting up, and I couldn't deal with it. I mean, come on, wasn't she the total package? But before I could make a move, she mentioned going back to her hometown. And for a moment, it seemed like the perfect out. But of course, she didn't go back. Isn't life just a bucket of roses?

Fast forward a bit, and she gets sent to a mental hospital for some electroshock therapy. And guess who's the faithful partner, spending hours on a cramped bus every week to visit her? Yours truly. Let me tell you, my mental state was deteriorating faster than a moldy sandwich. I even had a suicide plan, but thankfully meds and therapy pulled me back from the edge. All the while, I was burning through my savings to support her and even started borrowing money from my mom. Talk about hitting rock bottom.

But you know what's funny? After all that, when she finally gets out of the hospital and we move in together, it's not all sunshine and rainbows. Nope, it's a shitshow. She starts treating me like garbage. And I'm not talking about her emotions dragging me around like a ragdoll. No, this is a whole new level of shit. She's blaming me, saying I'm a terrible partner, that I'm getting in the way. It's like she forgot she's the one with borderline in this relationship. What a freakin' hypocrite.

To top it all off, her old best friend comes back into her life. And wouldn't you know it, we hit it off too. I mean, can you blame me? My girlfriend was getting jealous and I had to hide my feelings. But this new girl and I became close friends. When I finally landed a job after being unemployed for ages, she was the one who supported and encouraged me. Meanwhile, my girlfriend couldn't give a shit. Seriously, her reaction to me getting hired was basically "k." That crushed me, man. It made me realize that maybe I deserve happiness and there are people out there who will treat me better.

So, eventually, we had the talk and broke up. It was painful as hell. But here's the kicker - I still lived with her, paid the rent, and slept in the same bed (well, kinda). I couldn't imagine leaving her all alone, so I stuck around. I kept telling myself it was temporary, just until she got on her feet. But truthfully, I was still wrapped up in my codependency. I can't even remember what finally made me move out. Maybe it was the months of psychological abuse she dished out after the breakup. Who knows?

But even after moving out, I still felt guilty. I still cared about how she was doing. It's like I couldn't shake off this sense of responsibility. We'd talk every now and then, meet up once in a blue moon, and I'd even take care of her dog from time to time. But you know what? I finally realized that it was all pointless. No matter what I did, it never made a damn difference. Her ups and downs weren't affected by my presence. She would have gone through the motions regardless of whether I was there or not. It was like trying to swim against a rip tide or stopping a train with bare hands. Impossible.

And you know what? That realization set me free. I stopped caring. I stopped wondering about her and her messed up life. It wasn't my job anymore, and frankly, it wasn't worth obsessing over. I had my own problems to deal with, and she was no longer one of them.

So there you have it, folks. My messy, screwed up relationship in all its glory. I know I rambled on, and my English probably sucks (English isn't my first language, so cut me some slack!). But it feels good to get this off my chest. If any of you ever need to vent or chat about your own messed up relationships, hit me up.

Oh, and before I forget, there's this album by The Antlers called "Hospice." Man, the lyrics hit me like a ton of bricks. They perfectly capture the essence of my relationship. Check out the first track, "Kettering." Trust me, it's a masterpiece.

Alright, I'll wrap it up now. Thanks for listening to my nonsensical ramblings. Stay strong, my fellow Redditors.
------
Hey guys, I gotta share this crazy story with you. So last night was a total shitshow, and I can't believe the series of events that went down. Brace yourselves, because this is gonna be one wild ride.

Let me start from the beginning. I met this girl at a summer camp a while back. Now, let me be honest here, I'm not exactly the smoothest guy when it comes to relationships. I was always more focused on my grades and education, you know? But this girl, man, she was smoking hot, and I couldn't resist getting involved with her. So we ended up becoming a thing at camp, but there was a catch  she lives all the way in Seattle and I'm down here in North Carolina.

Fast forward to a couple of days ago, when Hurricane Florence decided to come crashing down on us. I saw on Instagram that my girlfriend and her friends were in the direct path of the storm, and being the idiot that I am, I offered them a place to stay. Little did I realize at the time that this meant they would be staying with my parents, who had absolutely no clue that she even existed.

So, they arrived at my place, and let me tell you, shit hit the fan real quick. My mom was furious that I never told her about this girl, while my dad seemed more relieved than anything that I wasn't a total social outcast. Thanks, dad. Way to have my back.

Now, the first night was pretty uneventful. We just crashed and tried to get some sleep. Well, I say "we," but I only managed to get about three hours of shut-eye. The second night, however, things got more interesting. We decided to get down and dirty, and I must give a shoutout to the guy at camp who gave me a way oversized condom. Yeah, turns out I didn't need that, because surprise, surprise, it freaking leaked! Talk about a major buzzkill.

Naturally, we started freaking out, and to top it all off, we took a pregnancy test. And guess what? It came back positive. Yep, we potentially have a baby on the way. So now, here I am, posting this on Reddit because apparently, I can't keep my shit together and need to spill my guts to strangers on the internet.

Look, I know I fucked up big time. I should've been more responsible, and I totally regret not paying more attention in sex ed class. I'm definitely going to schedule a doctor's appointment to make sure this baby situation isn't legit. Honestly, I don't even know how this shit works. Don't judge me, guys, I'm just an idiot who thought he knew what he was doing.

Oh, and here's the kicker. After I told my girlfriend about scheduling the doctor's appointment, she goes silent for like thirty minutes and then drops the bombshell that it was all a prank! WTF?! Seriously, do I immediately dump her for pulling such a messed up stunt, or do I entertain this madness further? I need your advice, Reddit.

Okay, so that's pretty much the lowdown on my current predicament. I feel like a complete moron for not using proper protection and for not being more cautious. Lesson learned, folks. Thanks to those of you who provided helpful information and support. You guys rock, even though I don't feel like this post deserves any gold or whatever. I just needed to vent and hopefully get some guidance through this insane situation.

Peace out, y'all. And remember, always wrap it up and use protection. Don't be like me, the poster child for stupidity.
------
Yo, fellow Redditors! I gotta vent about my experience working as a technical recruiter at a staffing firm. Let me tell you, it was a real eye-opener into the shady world of job recruiters. So, here's the deal. We would get these job reqs from big tech companies and then go on a wild hunt for potential candidates on job boards like indeed and monster. Sounds pretty straightforward, right?

Well, hold your horses! Here comes the twisted part. If one of our recruits actually lands a job, their salary doesn't come from the company they're working for. Nope, it goes through our lovely staffing firm instead. Can you believe that? And that's not even the worst part.

Let me break it down for you. We had these pay rates and base rates to deal with. The pay rate is what the job req says the candidate should earn if they were hired directly by the company. Then there's the base rate, which is what we, the recruiters, tell the poor souls who got lured into our web of deceit. And guess what? The base rate is always lower than the pay rate. Surprise, surprise!

Why the difference, you ask? Well, that's where the staffing firm and us recruiters make our sweet moolah. We pocket the extra cash between the pay rate and the base rate. And to top it all off, we never disclose the actual pay rate to the recruits. Can you imagine the audacity?

Let me hit you with the final blow that made me throw in the towel. One of my coworkers managed to reel in a freaking veteran to a high-paying gig with a pay rate of $65 per hour. Can you guess how much the recruiter convinced the poor vet to settle for? A measly $25 an hour! Talk about taking advantage, right? For every hour that the veteran worked, the staffing agency raked in a whopping $30. And instead of getting a well-deserved reprimand, my coworker was celebrated like a freakin' hero. What is this madness?

Now, don't get me wrong, I'm sure there are staffing firms out there with more ethi
------
Hey, fellow Redditors! I gotta say, I'm so fried right now that I can't even begin to think about doing anything remotely academic. But hey, I'm always down to talk about my passion, even if it tends to make people's eyes glaze over faster than a donut in a deep fryer.

Now, before you start bombarding me with questions, let me just say that I can't really answer any of those direct inquiries. My interests and experience don't really lie in stimulating growth or any of that fancy stuff. Nah, I'm more into bypassing those messed up neurological systems altogether. I'm fascinated by the nerve-electrode interface and the whole analog-digital conversion game. It's like these two systems are playing with different currencies, you know? Analog is all about them positive ions like sodium, potassium, and calcium, while electrical circuitry is all about those electrons buzzing around.

And let me tell you, the interaction between these two levels alone blows my mind. If we could just refine tha
------
Alright, listen up, fellow Redditors. So, I've decided to bless y'all with my expert analysis and breakdown of the upcoming Falcons vs. Eagles game this Thursday. Now, I know everyone's been hyped about this matchup, but let's face it, the Eagles' offseason has been a trainwreck. So, let's dive right into it.

First off, the Eagles' offense is a hot mess at the moment. Carson Wentz is still out with an ACL tear from last year, Alshon Jeffery's got a dodgy shoulder and won't be playing for at least two weeks, Jay Ajayi's dealing with a foot injury, and Nick Foles has been looking like hot garbage in the preseason. Yeah, it's not looking good, folks.

But hey, here's the silver lining  the Eagles' defense. These guys were rock solid last season, ranking first in run defense and fourth in pass defense. Their weakness? Well, they give up quite a bit of passing yardage, sitting at a lowly 17th in the league. So, expect Julio Jones to have a field day. The man's a yardage monster, coming in at second place last year with a total of 1444 yards. With Jalen Mills likely covering him, let's just say the Eagles are in trouble. Oh, and don't even think about starting Calvin Ridley. He's got talent, sure, but the kid's got no experience, and he'll be shut down by Ronald Darby.

Now, let's talk about the Falcons' defense. They ranked ninth in rushing yards allowed per game and twelfth in passing yards allowed per game last season. But honestly, who cares? If Foles plays anything like he did in the preseason, the entire Eagles offense is screwed. I wouldn't touch any of their pass catchers with a ten-foot pole, except for Zach Ertz, who's a clear weekly starter. And okay, fine, I'm a little curious about Jay Ajayi running behind the supposed number one offensive line in the league, according to those nerds at Pro Football Focus. But let's be real, Ajayi was pretty mediocre last year, and I don't expect him to suddenly become a superstar. He'll probably finish in the top 24 for the week, but don't get your hopes up.

Now, here's the most interesting part of the Eagles' offense  the battle between Nelson Agholor and Mike Wallace for targets in the absence of Alshon Jeffery. Look, I'm not saying either of these guys is a surefire fantasy stud, but one of them could be a sneaky sleeper this season. Keep an eye on that situation, folks.

Long story short, start Julio Jones because he's gonna tear it up, don't expect much from Devonte Freeman, Tevin Coleman could be a decent flex option, Matt Ryan's gonna struggle under pressure (like he always does), and if you're feeling bold, take a flyer on the Falcons defense in deeper leagues.

As for the Eagles, start Ertz with confidence, consider Ajayi as an RB2 or flex, keep an eye on the target battle between Wallace and Agholor, and definitely start their defense.

Oh, and one more thing: this game is gonna be low to mid-scoring, so don't expect much from your kickers.

Alright, hope this breakdown helps. I nailed the format this time, right?
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! Just wanted to chime in with my thoughts on the whole morality debate. In my opinion, morality is totally subjective, you know? What's cool to one person might be disgusting to another. It all comes down to how you were raised and the culture you grew up in.

So, I've heard some people say that Stalin, Mao, and Hitler were objectively wrong, but I disagree. They were subjectively wrong, man. Personally, I think you can do whatever floats your boat as long as it doesn't harm someone who hasn't given their consent. Hurting someone without their permission? So not cool.

Now, if someone wants to be hurt, well, that's their business. I ain't gonna judge them for their choices, dude. As long as they're not causing harm to others, they should be free to do their thing, no matter what any book says. Live and let live, man!

Oh, and if we're talking about family, like, incest and stuff, I highly doubt anyone would wanna get freaky with their relatives at a brothel. Like, eww, right? Sex workers totally have the right to turn down clients they don't vibe with. Consent matters, yo.

So, full disclosure, guys: I'm still a teenager, just 17 and dealing with autism and all that. I'm still figuring out my own beliefs and what rules to live by. Right now, I'm kind of leaning towards positive nihilism, if that makes any sense. Life's a trip, man.

By the way, dude, it seems to me like you're cherry-picking your arguments. You're all about praising Christianity for any good stuff in Europe, but when it comes to the bad stuff, you're quick to point fingers elsewhere. History isn't so black and white, bro. Good and bad things happen on all sides, ya know?

Sure, Stalin was a total monster, but the Soviet Union did help stop Hitler and the Germans. And I gotta say, communism, while flawed as an economic system, did have its moments of making things suck slightly less. In concentration camps, some communist prisoners formed networks to support each other, man. And in Norway, they even managed to send medicine to hospitals through mail, which helped all the prisoners. I mean, it's not perfect, but it's something, right?

On the flip side, communism has been used by some seriously messed up people like Mao and Stalin to commit atrocities. Doesn't exactly align with human nature, you feel me?

As for Christianity, it's got some good teachings, sure, but let's not pretend that everyone follows them these days. Slavery, for example, was never condemned in the Bible. It was just regulated a tad, probably 'cause it was normal back then. And even freed slaves would become slave owners themselves when they could afford it. Talk about messed up, right?

So yeah, man, I gotta say, I don't agree with you on pretty much anything. Your view of history is super one-sided, and your own doctrine ain't my cup of tea. But hey, at least this discussion is giving me a refresher on some historical facts, so thanks for that, I guess. Peace out!
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I've been scrolling through this subreddit for a while now, and I've gotta say, some of you guys are just plain delusional. I mean, seriously, are we even talking about the same comic here? Let me break it down for you.

First of all, let's talk about Carol and that whole self-defense thing. Yeah, sure, she was defending herself from a guy who wanted to kill her. I get it. But here's the thing, she didn't just defend herself, she straight-up murdered the dude. And don't give me that crap about her being a survivor of rape. I mean, come on, that's just pulling at heartstrings to justify her actions.

And don't even get me started on the whole legality of it. So what if she ended the interrogation as soon as she asked for a lawyer? That doesn't make her innocent. Breaking a suspected terrorist out of prison and then assaulting a government building with an army of super powered individuals is illegal, plain and simple. And let's not forget about the kidnapping and torture she was involved in. Yeah, Tony Stark did some messed up stuff too, but that doesn't make Carol any better.

Now, I know some of you are probably gonna bring up the fact that Carol was just trying to find evidence before her time ran out. But guess what? That doesn't excuse her actions. Just because you're running out of time doesn't mean you get to throw all morals out the window and start wrecking havoc.

And let's not forget about the whole Minority Report comparison. Look, I get it, the whole idea of predicting crimes before they happen is controversial. But Carol's actions were not in any way justified by that. Ulysses may be willing and conscious, but that doesn't mean his predictions should be taken as gospel. We can't just go around arresting people based on what some future-guy says. That's just ridiculous.

And speaking of ridiculous, let's talk about this whole "Carol did nothing wrong" mentality. Are you kidding me? She straight up killed a dude without remorse. She should at least apologize for that, but nope, she's too proud. And don't even get me started on T'Challa being in charge. I mean, come on, he's just as bad as Carol. These two deserve each other.

I know some of you may be thinking I'm just hating on Carol because I have some sort of chip on my shoulder. Well, let me set the record straight. I don't hate Carol, I just hate what she's become. She used to be a strong, independent character, but now she's just a power-hungry maniac. It's a shame, really.

And let's not forget about Jennifer's reaction to all of this. Yeah, she may not blame Carol for what happened to her cousin, but that doesn't mean Carol is innocent. Jennifer is just being naive, plain and simple.

So, in conclusion, Carol screwed up big time. She let her power go to her head and now she's just causing chaos. She needs to take a step back and reevaluate her actions. Until then, I'll be here, calling out all the BS assumptions made by fans who refuse to see the truth. Peace out.
------
Yo, what the hell is your problem, dude? You come in here acting all high and mighty, like you're some kind of pain expert or something. Well, newsflash for you, pal - we all have our own struggles. So quit with your sob story and stop acting like you're the only one who knows what real pain is.

And don't even get me started on your holier-than-thou attitude about taking care of yourself. Congrats, you've learned how to survive without your precious legs. But guess what? That doesn't make you better than anyone else. We all find ways to cope and get by, so quit acting like you're some kind of superhero.

Oh, and let's talk about taxes and the government, shall we? You seem to have this sick obsession with hating anything remotely related to society. Well, guess what? Society exists for a reason, and sometimes we need a damn government to keep things in order. Yeah, they might screw up sometimes, but at least they're trying to make things work.

But no, you just have to be Mr. Lone Wolf, don't you? Out there in the woods, thinking you're so superior to everyone else. Well, newsflash again, buddy - society doesn't want you either. So why don't you do us all a favor and disappear into the wilderness for good?

Oh, what's that? You're already living in the wilds? Good for you, I guess. But don't come crying to us when shit hits the fan and you realize that maybe, just maybe, being part of a society isn't such a bad thing after all.

Look, I may not be the most eloquent person out there, but I know one thing for sure - you're a bitter, ignorant fool. You think you're so smart and superior, but all you're doing is isolating yourself from the world. So go ahead, keep living in your deluded fantasy. The rest of us will be out here, trying to make society a better place, despite people like you.

And let me tell you something, buddy - you might think you're tough, but you're not invincible. Sooner or later, life is gonna kick your sorry ass, and you'll realize that maybe, just maybe, relying on others every now and then isn't such a bad thing.

So save your tough-guy act for someone who actually gives a damn. The world doesn't revolve around you, and trust me, we'll all be just fine without your entitled, self-righteous attitude.
------
Yo, fellow Redditors! Let's talk about this crazy relationship between body mass and radiosensitivity among animals. It's super interesting, right? But here's the thing, nobody has a solid explanation for why this happens. So, as a radiation oncologist, I'm gonna throw in my two cents and give you my own scientific wild-ass guess.

Alright, check this out - bigger animals actually seem to be less prone to cancer than smaller ones. It's so freaking bizarre that scientists even came up with a fancy term for it called "Peto's Paradox." But here's what I think is going on.

You see, insects are tiny little creatures and they don't live very long. So, they don't really have to worry much about cancer. Their cells can go all out and express super high levels of DNA repair machinery. Even if those repair mechanisms aren't perfect, the chances of an insect dying from cancer before it kicks the bucket naturally are pretty slim. On the flip side, if an insect had low levels of DNA repair, it wouldn't survive in a harsh environment filled with chemicals or radiation (even sunlight!). So evolution favors their higher level of DNA repair.

Now let's shift our focus to us humans. We're big and we tend to stick around for a while. If our cells end up with serious DNA damage, it's way better for them to just die through apoptosis or get killed off by our immune system, rather than risk becoming cancerous. We need to be relatively resistant to cancer, otherwise, we'd be dropping like flies before we hit old age.

Imagine if we expressed crazy high levels of error-prone DNA repair. We'd probably be more prone to cancer, and our fitness would take a nosedive. On the other hand, if we had low levels of DNA repair, we'd lower our cancer risk but become less tolerant of chemicals or radiation. So, evolution has given us a decent, functional level of DNA repair.

Now here's the thing about DNA double-strand-break repair - it can mess up. Yeah, despite what the textbooks say about "high-fidelity" repair, both pathways actually have a chance of screwing up and causing permanent changes in our genes. And get this, when a cell is hit with radiation and gets a lethal double-strand break, it also ends up with a bunch of other DNA damage. It's like a party of damage in there!

Repairing all that damage might sound great, but it could lead to permanent genetic alterations and hello, cancer. So, maybe long-lived mammals like us don't wanna repair all that clustered damage as efficiently as possible. Our cells might wanna sacrifice themselves to keep the individual alive and kicking.

Listen, I gotta be real with you - none of this is rock-solid evidence. It's just my hypothesis, but it makes sense in my head. Maybe one day we'll have some concrete answers, but for now, let's just keep pondering on this crazy body mass and radiosensitivity stuff. Peace out!
------
Hey, so I'm just going to jump right into it. I read Gerry Thompson's post about the professional Magic players protesting for better pay, and honestly, I couldn't agree more. Wizards of the Coast (WOTC) seriously needs to step up their game. I mean, come on, they don't even pay these players a living wage. How messed up is that?

Thompson's first point really hit home for me - if WOTC wants to sell this dream of playing on the pro tour, they need to make it worth achieving. But with qualifying becoming more difficult and the lack of rewards at the top, what message are they sending? "Don't waste your time." Thanks, but no thanks. I'll pass on chasing a dream that's basically a dead-end.

Let's talk about other esports for a minute. Take Dota 2 for example - their annual tournament has given out a whopping $25 million in the past two years. And the top players in the game make hundreds of thousands of dollars annually. Kuro Takhasomi, one of the most successful players, made over half a million dollars in 2018 alone. I mean, damn, sign me up for that!

Now, let's compare that to Hearthstone, which is probably a better analogy for Magic. Sure, the total prize payouts may be smaller, but 28 players have already made over $100,000 playing Hearthstone. Wei Lin Chen tops the list with over $340,000 in earnings. That's some serious cash for a game released in 2014.

But then we look at the top Magic players, and while their earnings are impressive, it's not enough. Paulo Vitor Damo da Rosa, the highest earner, has made around $500,000 in his career. But when you consider the number of events he's played and the length of his career, it's not that impressive. In fact, it only averages out to about $33,000 a year. Yikes. And even Yuuya Watanabe, who comes closest to meeting that $40,000 mark, still falls short.

Sure, these numbers don't include other opportunities like streaming, but let's be real here. It's much harder for Magic players to successfully stream compared to other games. And even if streaming does bring in some extra cash, it's still not enough to sustain a professional Magic player's lifestyle.

And let's not forget about the costs involved. Traveling to tournaments, buying cards - it all adds up. And for what? The chance to earn a mere fraction of what players in other games make? No thanks, I'll stick to being a casual player.

So yeah, I agree with Gerry Thompson and the other professional Magic players. The dream is dead. WOTC needs to take a hard look at themselves and realize that they're not giving these players enough. It's time for a change.

But will Thompson's protest force WOTC to make changes? Who knows. I hope it does because these players deserve better. And I'd love to hear what you guys think about all of this. Leave a comment and let's start a dialogue about it.
------
Alright, listen up you guys. I wanna talk about Rod Reiss and all the hate he's been getting lately. I don't get why everyone is so quick to jump on the hate train without considering his side of the story.

Sure, his thoughts might not align with the Survey Corps (SC), but that doesn't mean he's completely in the wrong. Rod has his own ideals, just like Eren. The power passed down through the Reiss family is something sacred to him, something he believes should be protected and revered at all costs.

For Rod, this power is like a god on Earth, something that shouldn't be disrespected. When Grisha attacked the Reiss family, he not only disrespected Rod's deepest beliefs, but he also destroyed everything around him. Grisha took away Rod's reason for living. Can you blame him for being pissed?

Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not saying Rod's treatment of Historia and her mother was okay. That was definitely messed up, and I condemn it. He used Historia for his own gain, which is definitely not cool.

But here's the thing: coercion and manipulation aren't exactly exclusive to Rod. Levi and Hanji have forced people to do things for their own interests too, yet they get a free pass from the fandom. It's like a double standard or something.

We need to remember that principles and values vary from person to person. The SC doesn't hold the absolute truth; they're not the be-all and end-all. Same goes for Rod, Kenny, Flegel, and Sannes. They all have their own principles and values that differ from the SC.

No one can deny that Rod is devoted to something greater than himself. He truly believes in God, in the power entrusted to the Reiss family. And he wants to bring that power back to Earth. In his eyes, the justice of this god, embodied within the Reiss family, is what's good.

It's worth noting that when Rod was younger, he wanted to save humanity from the Titans. He had the same ideals as the SC back then. But somewhere along the way, he must have realized that the inheritors of this power hold the absolute truth. And if they choose not to act, it must mean that it's the right thing to do.

He probably thinks that humans are weak and ignorant, while this "god" is strong and has all the knowledge of the world. And honestly, can you blame him? The SC has made some questionable decisions too. It's not like they're infallible.

We need to learn to put ourselves in the shoes of characters who think differently from our beloved main characters. We need to try to understand their perspectives, even if they don't align with our own ideals. Justice isn't some fixed concept that never changes. It can be interpreted and exercised in various ways depending on a person's goals, beliefs, and the era they live in.

So, before you join the bandwagon and start hating on Rod, take a moment to consider his side of the story. You might just realize that things aren't as black and white as they seem.
------
Alright, listen up folks! I can't help but roll my eyes at this post. Seriously, are you even paying attention to what's happening in the world? Let me break it down for you in simple terms.

First of all, you talk about how Indonesia, Malaysia, and India are positioning themselves as alternatives to China. But where is your evidence? You can't just spew out baseless claims and expect us to take them seriously. Give us some examples, back up your statements with facts! And don't give me that "data storage manufacturing" nonsense. How does that prove anything? Just because a couple of companies moved their operations to Southeast Asia doesn't mean the whole world is turning away from China. Get real!

And let's address your absurd idea that companies suffered and put up with China's IP theft just to gain access to their consumer market. Seriously? Do you really think companies would willingly let their intellectual property get stolen? That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Sure, China has had its fair share of issues with intellectual property rights, but that doesn't mean companies were okay with it. They were forced to play along because they wanted a piece of that massive Chinese market. It's called business strategy, my friend. But guess what? Times are changing, and China's influence isn't what it used to be.

Oh, and here's another thing you completely missed the mark on. You claim that finding production lines to match quality is difficult. Are you kidding me? Have you heard of Alibaba? It's THE leader in connecting businesses with suppliers, and they even offer supplemental insurance if your order comes messed up. So much for your theory that it's hard to find suppliers who can match quality. And don't get me started on your comment about critical components. Of course, you want to be cautious when it comes to important parts, but for cheap plastic components, China is still the go-to. It's just common sense, my friend. And by the way, have you considered other options like India or Taiwan? There are plenty of alternatives out there if you bother to look.

Now, let's address this misconception you have about China only allowing joint ventures with Chinese-owned companies. That's not entirely true. Yes, China has its restrictions and regulations, but it's not as black and white as you make it out to be. American companies face challenges in China, no doubt about it, but it's not impossible for them to do business there. And hey, if a foreign company wants to thrive in China, maybe they should consider partnering up with a Chinese company. It's called adapting to the market, my friend.

Finally, let's talk about the trade war between the US and China. You seem to think that China is 1000000x worse off than America. Really? I mean, come on! The US might have to pay slightly more for cheap consumer goods, but that's nothing compared to the mess China is in. Have you even looked at their private debt? It's through the roof! And their currency manipulation? Yeah, that's not sustainable in the long run. China needs to make some tough choices, my friend. But don't worry, I won't hold my breath waiting for you to understand the complexity of the situation.

So, in conclusion, do yourself a favor and stick to subjects you actually comprehend. Don't make generalizations and assumptions without any evidence to back it up. China may have been a powerhouse in the past, but times are changing, and the world is starting to diversify. Those are the facts, take it or leave it.
------
Listen up, folks. I just came across this thread and I gotta say, some of you are just straight-up ridiculous. I mean, seriously? Are we really gonna sit here and pretend like censorship is okay but trolls are the real issue? Give me a break.

First off, let's talk about this whole government punishment thing. You guys are perfectly fine with the government stepping in when someone is being a "troll," but the moment they try to address actual censorship, suddenly it's a problem? Are you kidding me? We've got candidates running for office who are getting banned and punished left and right, and you're all just sitting back like it's no big deal. That's called election meddling, my friends.

And don't even get me started on the hypocrisy. You claim that you want open discourse, but then you go and support censoring people? Make up your damn minds! Freedom of speech means that people can say whatever the hell they want, and if they choose to say something stupid, well, that's their own damn problem. But when you start censoring them, guess what? You open the floodgates to censoring everyone.

Oh, and let's not forget about the whole "fake news" debacle. You think you can just say anything you want and then brush it off by saying, "Oh, I was just joking, bro"? Sorry, but that's not how the real world works. There are consequences for saying dumb shit, and if you try to hide behind the excuse of humor, people are gonna stop taking you seriously. And honestly, they should.

Now, let's address this whole "right-wing troll" nonsense. So, you're telling me that an innocent little hand gesture like the "okay sign" suddenly becomes a "bad right wing troll sign"? Are you out of your damn minds? Just like you do with genders, you overcomplicate things. There's a boy, there's a girl, end of story. Stop trying to create 58 different genders out of thin air.

And speaking of overcomplicating things, postmodernism has seriously melted your brains, my friends. You can't even see reality anymore. Everything is so twisted and distorted in your minds that you can't even recognize the truth. It's sad, really.

Now, let me tell you something. I'll take a right-wing troll any day over a super serious leftist who can't take a joke. You people just suck all the fun out of life and make everything so damn complicated. Can't we just laugh at something without dissecting it and turning it into a political battleground?

And here's a little truth bomb for you. We actually need trolls in American politics right now. Yeah, you heard me right. PC culture has practically destroyed any real engagement in difficult conversations. People are scared to say what they really think because they know they'll be shunned. Look at Trump! No one thought he would win, but half the country secretly voted for him because they were afraid of the backlash.

So, before you go crying about trolls and censorship, take a step back and think about the bigger picture. We need freedom of speech, even if that means dealing with trolls. And hey, maybe, just maybe, we can bring a little laughter and fun back into our lives. So stop being so damn serious and let people speak their minds.
------
Hey guys, I just wanna throw my two cents in here and say that I totally get what you're saying about the whole chakra thing. Like, I can see where you're coming from with the whole visualization of elemental chakra and all that. It makes sense that chidori was the only technique where chakra was visible, right? Because it's super concentrated and solid. But let me tell you, the design part still doesn't make sense to me.

I mean, seriously, if that's the case, then that would mean Sasuke has zero control over the shape of his own susano'o, even though he's the freaking creator and it's made from his own chakra. And come on, we all know Sasuke is a master of shape manipulation, so why can't he mold his chakra as he pleases? It just doesn't add up. And if it were possible to manipulate the shape, then his susano'o should have more than just four arms, you know? Like, he should be able to create as many arms as he wants. But apparently, four is the max. What the hell? That goes against everything we know about spatial manipulation and chakra and Sasuke's supposed mastery over it.

Oh, and don't even get me started on the whole translation and wiki thing. I never trust those unofficial translations or the wiki because they're bound to have errors. Plus, like, 90% of the original Japanese meaning gets lost in translation, you know? So, it's usually better to trust our own personal observations.

And speaking of observations, let's talk about this whole physical energy and life force debate. Chakra is a combo of physical and mental energies, but it's not the same as life force, okay? The author made that distinction, especially when it comes to the Uzumaki clan and their crazy life force. And don't forget about the Senju clan and their high amounts of life energy according to the databook. There's a clear difference there, people!

So, Sasuke saying that all the cells in his body hurt when he uses susano'o? Yeah, I'm gonna assume that means it's consuming his life energy. And let's not forget that susano'o is summoned from another dimension, so it needs the caster's life energy to stick around in the real world. It's like a freaking vampire, man.

Oh, and don't even get me started on this whole storing chakra in your body thing. Just because you can store chakra in your body doesn't mean your body becomes chakra itself, you know? Like, look at the Gedo Mazo, it's a chakra-storing container but it's not made of chakra. And then there's Jugo, whose shape and designs change when he takes in chakra. If that doesn't prove that chakra isn't the same as physical matter, I don't know what does.

And what about that whole moonlight thing? That was a whole different scenario, my friends. The moon's light is some special kind of light that can penetrate through even shadows, like, otherworldly dimensions and shit. So, Sasuke had to ramp up his susano'o with his rinnegan, which is special 'cause it looks like the rinne-sharingan, and his whole rikudo-enhanced susano'o and tomoe rinnegan combined together to block the light. It's not just the susano'o alone, people.

And let's not forget about the power of Kyuubi's chakra. That stuff ain't generic, man. When Naruto gets that boost, his techniques get way stronger and his overall power level shoots up, you know? And remember when the yang energy in his cloak reacted to existing mokuton and made it sprout trees? That's some crazy shit right there. And in part 1, they even mentioned that the nine-tails is a spirit that appears in places filled with malice. So, even if it can store chakra, it's still all connected to spiritual entities and their chakras.

Anyway, that's just my take on things. Feel free to agree or disagree, but remember, this is just casual Reddit talk, so take it with a grain of salt, ya know? Peace out!
------
Hey Reddit, I need some advice on a situation that's been bothering me and my husband lately. So, here's the deal: we live in an older condo building with lots of seniors as our neighbors. My husband used to be the building super, so he's pretty well-known and respected by everyone, especially the older folks.

Now, since my husband is currently unemployed, he's been doing odd jobs for cash in our building. It's been mostly small stuff like changing light bulbs and filters, and he never takes any payment from the seniors because he feels bad for them. But recently, a lovely couple in their 80s reached out to him to replace some door knobs in their unit.

These neighbors are seriously the sweetest people you'll ever meet. They always stop and chat with us, and I even get to practice my German with the husband. They seem content but don't have a lot and don't own the unit they live in. Turns out, it belongs to their nephew who lets them stay there for next to nothing. He even brings them groceries and stays in touch with them regularly. It's really heartwarming to see the nephew taking care of them like that.

Anyway, when my husband went over to change the door knobs, he noticed something strange. He had to access both sides of the bedroom doors, and he saw that the rooms were filled with shopping bags from a fancy department store. Now, this got us thinking. We live really close to a big mall with that exact store, and we've seen them there before. Are they just splurging on expensive stuff? Or maybe they're actually financially stable despite their modest appearance?

After finishing the job, my husband told them they could pay him whenever they could and quoted them $25 per knob. The knobs themselves only cost $20 each, so he wasn't charging them much. To our surprise, when he got home and counted the money, they had actually given him double what they owed. He immediately went back to return the extra cash, but the wife insisted it was a "tip" for him.

Now we're feeling confused and uncomfortable. We always thought they might be struggling financially, but now we're questioning everything. Are they just frivolously spending their money? Or maybe they're more well-off than we thought? It's hard to tell since our interactions with them are usually brief. They seem mentally sharp, but appearances can be deceiving.

My husband decided to keep the money for now, just in case they realize their mistake later on. He plans to go back next week to replace the other knob and try to have a more in-depth conversation with them. We want to find out more about their situation, but we don't want to come across as intrusive or nosy.

We don't know their nephew personally, so getting his contact information would require asking them directly, which feels a bit awkward. Plus, the situation doesn't seem serious enough to involve adult protective services. We just want to help and make sure everything's okay with our neighbors. Any advice on how we can handle this without overstepping boundaries would be greatly appreciated.

TL;DR: Our elderly neighbors paid my husband double for a simple job and insisted he keep the extra as a "tip". We discovered their unit is owned by their caring nephew, but they still live modestly. They also have rooms filled with shopping bags from an upscale store. We're concerned about their financial situation and unsure how to proceed without being intrusive. Any advice?
------
So, let me get this straight. You go out to a restaurant with your friend, and you've always agreed to go dutch in the past, meaning each person pays for their own stuff. You order your food, and your friend decides to splurge on a fancy bottle of wine without consulting you. Now, she's demanding that you pay for half of it, even though you didn't even touch the damn thing? What kind of messed up logic is that?

Firstly, let's address the fact that you declined the offer of wine because you've been avoiding drinking. Kudos to you for sticking to your personal choice! It's not easy to resist temptation, especially if you know you have a tendency to go overboard once you start. And your friend should respect that decision instead of trying to force you into paying for something you deliberately abstained from.

But now, your friend has the audacity to send you a payment request for the wine, acting like it was an agreement you made beforehand. I mean, seriously? Since when does "going dutch" mean splitting the cost of everything, even if you didn't consume it? Last time I checked, it means each person covers their own expenses. It's common sense, basic etiquette, or whatever else she wants to label it.

And what's with her calling you stingy? You're not being cheap; you're being reasonable! It's not about the money; it's about the principle. You paid for what you ordered, she paid for what she ordered. That's always been the arrangement. And now, because of her ridiculous demands, she's threatening to end your friendship? Wow, talk about overreacting!

It's clear that your friend is either completely clueless about basic dinner etiquette or just trying to take advantage of you. The fact that she's throwing insults at you, swearing and all, shows a lack of respect and maturity. Is it really worth maintaining a friendship with someone who acts this way over such a petty matter?

Now, let's address the financial aspect of this situation. As students, we all know money can be tight. <cur>65 may not seem like a lot to some people, but it can make a significant difference in our budgets. You have your own expenses to worry about, including groceries, and you can't just ask your parents for more money whenever you want. It's not like you're rolling in cash here.

Also, I find it quite peculiar that your friend suddenly expects you to foot the bill for her indulgence. In all the time you've known each other, you've always gotten separate bills, without any issues. So why the sudden change? Did someone put her up to this? Is her fianc pressuring her into splitting costs with you? I don't know, I'm just speculating here, but it wouldn't be surprising considering her irrational behavior.

To sum it up, no, you are definitely not the asshole in this situation. Your friend is being unreasonable, insensitive, and downright disrespectful. It's time to reconsider the value of this friendship. If she's willing to throw a fit over something as trivial as a bottle of wine, imagine how she might react in more significant situations.

My advice? Stand your ground. Don't let her guilt-trip you into paying for something you didn't consume. And if she can't understand your perspective or apologize for her behavior, maybe it's time to surround yourself with people who appreciate and respect you.
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I'm gonna lay it out for you straight. My sister is the most sensitive person I've ever met, and it's seriously getting on my nerves. I mean, come on, siblings are supposed to tease each other and have a good laugh, right? But apparently, whenever I make a mildly sarcastic comment, she loses her marbles. Let me give you a couple of examples.

So the other day, she comes running up to me all excited because she found some song she had been hunting for ages. She's practically bursting with joy, and what do I do? I tell her that it's a pretty lame song. Now, don't get me wrong, I was just joking around. But instead of laughing it off, she flips out on me. She starts yelling, saying I never say anything nice to her. Seriously? Can she not take a joke? I tell her to chill out and that I was just being sarcastic, but she keeps going on about how I insult people left and right. It's exhausting, really.

Oh, and here's another gem. My parents went to Ikea and brought home a shelf for the living room. Now, earlier that day, I noticed that my office chair was broken. So, naturally, I mention that we should go back to Ikea to get me a new chair. My mom, in her usual lighthearted way, asks if I can put it together myself. And then my sister chimes in, thinking my mom was talking about the shelf, saying we can do it together. So what do I do? I casually say that I'm not really in the mood to help with the shelf. And holy moly, my sister loses her mind again! She starts accusing me of being an asshole and goes all out with her temper tantrum, throwing shoes at me and storming out of the house. Like, seriously, who does that over a simple comment?

Let me tell you, having a conversation with her is like playing Minesweeper. Every little thing I say sets her off. It's like walking on eggshells or negotiating with a hostage-taker. I'm either expected to kiss her ass and watch every word that comes out of my mouth, or I have to deal with her wrath. But you know what? I refuse to let her "win" this argument. So sometimes, I intentionally push her buttons just to show her that I won't be silenced by her sensitivity.

Every single interaction we have is like a game of Russian Roulette:

Her: "Can you pass me the butter?"

Me: "Sure, here you go." (Avoiding eye contact to avoid any potential tension)

Her: "Are you being an asshole again?"

Me: "What's your problem now?"

Her: "Just be nice, like a normal person."

Me: "Sorry, maybe you're just too sensitive."

And then bam, we're off to the races - screaming, slapping, and the whole nine yards. Look, I get it, I can be rude sometimes. But her reaction is just over the top. I refuse to waste my time trying to change my mild rudeness just because she can't handle it. Sorry, not sorry. By the way, I'm a dude, and she's two years older than me. We're both young adults, supposedly mature enough to handle a little banter.

So there you have it, folks. My life as a casual Reddit user with an incredibly sensitive sister. It's like living in a constant war zone of emotions. But hey, I'm not backing down. If she wants to play this game, then fine. I'll keep being sarcastic, rude, and unapologetic, just to prove a point. Let's see who cracks first.
------
Nah, dude. I gotta disagree with your whole idea here. I mean, come on, who wants a game where all the builds do the same damage? That sounds boring as hell. I want my build to be badass and powerful, not just some weak-ass version of every other build.

You're talking about different ways of playing the game, but what's the point if all the builds are basically the same? I want my build to stand out, to be unique. I want to feel like a goddamn superhero wrecking shit up, not some generic character doing the same damn thing as everyone else.

And let's talk about your examples, man. Long-range attacks and setting up walls? That's just gonna make the game slow and tedious. I don't want to be sitting there, putting up walls and shit, I want to be in the middle of the action, kicking ass and taking names.

And the build that can only do damage within 30ft? Are you kidding me? What if I need to take out an enemy from far away? Guess I'm screwed, huh? Plus, being temporarily invulnerable? That sounds like a lazy way to avoid getting your ass kicked. Real players don't need invulnerability, we just need skill and badassery.

And that whole line of damage build? Who the hell wants to be limited to just one direction? I want to be able to move around freely and kick ass from every angle. Don't tie me down, man.

And let's not even get started on your Path of Exile example. The fact that you can beat the game with strong gear just proves my point even more. It's not about the builds, it's about the gear. So why would I want all the builds to be the same if the gear is what really matters? Makes no damn sense.

And don't even get me started on the passive tree. It's a freaking nightmare. I don't have time to sit there and figure out the optimal path for my passive skills. I just wanna jump in and start kicking ass. The passive tree is just a waste of time, man.

So yeah, sorry dude, but I think your whole idea is a load of crap. Different builds should be powerful in their own unique ways. We don't need some cookie-cutter game where everything is the same. Let us players have some freedom, some individuality. Let us be the badasses we were meant to be.
------
Hey, I just gotta say, I think your clunkiness argument is kinda weak. Like seriously, who the hell cares if the barracks can't lift off while making a unit or building an addon? It's only a problem when an addon is researching an upgrade, and that's probably just because the game counts it as an action by the barracks and not the addon. But you know what? It's inconsistent as hell, and I don't think many people would argue that we should change it so that barracks can lift off while making marines just to cancel them and make things less clunky. And let me tell you, losing an upgrade is usually less of a big deal for Terran than, you know, losing a damn unit.

Now, let's talk about your severity analogies. Look, it totally depends on the category, man. If I take your example and instead of murder, I use the category of crime, I could argue that comparing shoplifting to mass murder is like comparing apples to oranges. Like, seriously, they're not even in the same damn league, right? Mass murder is a way more urgent issue, no doubt about it.

Let me give you another example, dude. Imagine if the human body had two different "failures." One where your ass randomly catches fire and the other where your arm spasms and you end up slapping yourself in the face. Now, I don't know about you, but I think most people would be way more concerned about stopping the whole spontaneous combustion thing, because, you know, it's a freaking fire. So, in my opinion, severity does matter when it comes to analogy.

But hey, whether or not the difference between a warp prism and a lifting off barracks is on the same scale is a whole different argument. You might be able to convince me that we should make it so that warp prisms can't go back to movement mode while they have warp ins active, but I don't think that's what you're arguing for, and honestly, I don't think most Protoss players would want that either. On the other hand, I do believe that most Terrans would definitely want to change the whole lift-off-canceling-upgrades thing.

Now, let's talk about your claim that gateways are useless. Yeah, sure, they might not be as useful in the later stages of the game, but guess what? You could argue that a barracks with a reactor should automatically make marines without you having to do jack shit once you hit the 5-minute mark, because let's be real, who the hell would choose to make reapers over marines past the early game? Same goes for gateways. Once you reach a certain point in the game, you're probably not gonna use them anymore.

I mean, personally, I'm not totally against the idea of gateways automatically transforming. It doesn't really bother me that much, to be honest. But here's the thing, man. It makes them more of a place-and-forget kind of thing. And you know what? I think part of showing your skill in the late game is not forgetting stuff like that. I've lost count of how many times I've forgotten to transform a command center into an orbital command or planetary fortress on a new base. And you know what that means? It means I'm not a frickin' pro player, but hey, I'll admit it. It's just an unnecessary change, dude.

Anyway, it was cool discussing this with you, mate. Have a good one!
------
Alright, listen up folks. I don't usually bother with these kinds of discussions, but I just can't let this one slide. Seriously, OP, do you even know what you're talking about? It's like you're living in a fantasy world where everything is rainbows and unicorns.

First off, let's talk about this whole "alternative to China" nonsense. Yeah, sure, Indonesia and Malaysia might be trying to market themselves as alternatives, but that doesn't mean they actually are. Show me some concrete examples, man! Don't just make empty claims without any evidence to back them up.

And speaking of evidence, you mentioned data storage manufacturing. Yeah, companies like Seagate and Western Digital might have moved their manufacturing to Southeast Asia, but that doesn't prove your point. They did it because they were afraid of getting their IP stolen in China, not because they thought these countries were better alternatives. Plus, let's not forget that they suffered through all that IP theft in China because they wanted access to the Chinese consumer market. So yeah, they put up with it, but that doesn't mean they were happy about it.

Now, let's address your claim that finding production lines to match China's quality is difficult. Are you serious right now? Have you never heard of Alibaba? They're the freaking world leader in finding suppliers that match quality. And guess what? They even offer supplemental insurance in case your order comes messed up from the factory. So, sorry to burst your bubble, but it's actually pretty damn easy to find suppliers who can match China's quality standards.

Oh, and let's not forget about 3D printing. You seem to think that mass-scale production is the be-all and end-all, but have you ever considered the advantages of non-human labor that 3D print shops offer? They can work overnight, mate! So while they might not be able to compete in mass production, they have their own unique advantages.

And don't even get me started on your whole argument about China's trade deficit and how it's unfair to American companies. If our companies have restricted access in China, it's because China only allows dual ventures with Chinese-owned companies. That's not our fault, dude. That's China's way of protecting its own interests. So maybe educate yourself about how things actually work before you start spouting off about trade deficits and unfairness.

Lastly, let's talk about the trade war. Yeah, Americans might have to pay a bit more for cheap consumer goods, but that's hardly the end of the world. Meanwhile, China is sitting there drowning in private debt that was funded by the West. Their government might have a surplus, but that means squat when they manipulate their currency to increase exports. They're playing a dangerous game, my friend.

So, please, stick to your level of economic comprehension. China is in way worse shape than America in this trade war. Their whole economy is dependent on Western capital, and once that dries up, they're screwed. It's high time China wakes up and realizes that they can't keep relying on artificial means to prop up their economy. The sooner they face the reality, the better off they'll be.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a casual Reddit user sharing my two cents. Take it or leave it, folks.
------
Alright, let me start by saying that I totally get where you're coming from. It's annoying as hell when random people, especially men, decide to intrude on your personal space and strike up conversations you have no interest in having. I mean, seriously, why can't they just leave us alone?

I'm a female too, so I completely understand the struggle of trying to avoid these unwanted interactions. I mean, we're just minding our own business, listening to music and enjoying some well-deserved alone time, right? Why can't people respect that?

I'm glad you clarified that you're not trying to sound sexist because honestly, it's not about gender. It's about strangers feeling entitled to invade your space and demand your attention. It'd be just as irritating if a woman did it.

It's funny how people seem to completely ignore the signs we put out there to show that we're not interested in talking. Like, hello? Headphones are basically a universal symbol for "do not disturb." And avoiding eye contact? That's like a neon sign flashing "leave me the f**k alone!"

But no, these persistent individuals just don't seem to get it. They start with innocent questions, like asking for the time or train stop, which is fine. We can handle that, right? But then they take it one step further and turn it into a full-blown interrogation. Like seriously, dude, do you really need to know my life story?

Your experience with that particular guy following you off the train and bombarding you with personal questions? That's beyond creepy. Its absolutely not cool when someone starts stalking you, invading your personal space, and disregarding your subtle hints that you're not interested.

And let's talk about cultural differences for a moment. I get it, maybe in some places it's more common for strangers to strike up conversations with each other. But that doesn't excuse blatant disregard for personal boundaries. Just because it's normal in their culture, doesn't mean we have to accept it. We're not required to adapt to their ways just because we're in a different country.

Now, some people might argue that by being dismissive and vague in our responses, we're being assholes ourselves. But honestly, what else can we do? We're not obligated to entertain every Tom, Dick, and Harry who decides they want to chat with us. We have the right to prioritize our own comfort and safety.

Sure, there might be people out there who genuinely want to strike up a friendly conversation and mean no harm. But here's the thing: we can never be too careful. We don't know these people, and it's better to err on the side of caution than to put ourselves in potentially dangerous situations.

So, to all the random men out there who think it's appropriate to engage in lengthy conversations with women who clearly want to be left alone, please take note: we're not being rude, we're just trying to protect ourselves. Respect our boundaries, read the signals we're giving off, and let us enjoy our damn train rides in peace!

In conclusion, its frustrating when random men on public transit try to strike up conversations with us when all we want is some peace and quiet. We're not being antisocial or mean; we're just looking out for ourselves. So, for all the guys out there, please respect our boundaries and understand that sometimes we just want to be left alone. Is that too much to ask?
------
Alright, listen up, you pretentious dingleberries. I can't help but notice the astonishing level of idiocy in this thread. Seriously, it's like a contest to see who can spew the most nonsensical drivel. So, naturally, I feel obligated to step in and set the record straight.

First off, let's talk about Tesla. Sure, they might not be swimming in profits right now, but that doesn't mean they're doomed. This whole "zero profit" argument is so laughable, I wouldn't be surprised if it came from a clown with a broken sense of reality. Tesla is a 50 billion dollar company, generating billions in revenue. That's no small feat, my friends. And for those of you comparing Tesla to a penny you find on the street, well, congrats, you've successfully won the award for the most moronic comparison in history.

Now, let's address the SpaceX haters. Some of you have the audacity to claim that reusable rockets were already invented before Elon Musk came along. Well, guess what, genius? They clearly didn't work, did they? Elon Musk's rockets do. The proof is in the pudding, or in this case, the successful launches and contracts with the federal government. So, please, spare us your uninformed blabbering.

And speaking of the federal government, some of you seem to think that Elon is "raping" them with his projects and subsidies. Newsflash, Einstein, there's nothing wrong with contracting with the government for mutual benefits. If the government felt like it was being taken advantage of, they wouldn't continue to support Musk and his ventures. So, quit throwing around the word "rape" like a clueless idiot desperately grasping for an argument.

Oh, and let's not forget about the myth that anyone with enough money could start a rocket company. Seriously, have you ever actually thought before opening your mouths (or typing your nonsense)? Elon Musk didn't have a trillion-dollar company like Bezos to throw money at his ventures. He used the money he made from PayPal to keep SpaceX afloat. So, unless you're sitting on a mountain of cash like Scrooge McDuck, maybe you should reconsider your delusions of grandeur.

Now, let's move on to SolarCity. Some of you ignoramuses claim that it was another failed project that Musk got bored of. Well, surprise, surprise, Musk didn't start or operate SolarCity until it was bought out. So, maybe do some research before making yourself look like an even bigger fool.

Ah, and here come the comparisons between Musk and Bezos. Look, Bezos is a smart guy, no doubt about it. But that doesn't mean Musk is some bumbling idiot who doesn't know what he's doing. SpaceX is contracted by NASA, for crying out loud. If that's not a testament to Musk's capabilities, then I don't know what is. So, quit with your baseless claims and go back to worshipping your precious Bezos.

And speaking of worship, let's address the ridiculous accusation that Musk's supporters are just a cult of snake oil worshippers. Seriously? Could you be any more deluded? We admire Musk because he's accomplished more than 99.9% of people out there. He's taken on risky ventures and come out on top. So, instead of spewing your jealousy-fueled garbage, why don't you try accomplishing something significant in your own life? Then maybe, just maybe, you'll understand why we respect Musk.

In conclusion, all you keyboard warriors need to take a step back and reevaluate your arguments. Musk isn't perfect, but he's achieved more than most of us ever will. So, quit whining, stop with the baseless criticisms, and focus on making something of yourselves. Until then, I'll be here, enjoying the spectacle of your pathetic attempts to bring down a man who's already light-years ahead of you. Good luck, losers.
------
Man, I've been seeing so many posts about this issue lately and nobody seems to be addressing the real problem here. Like seriously, why aren't people getting punished for their crappy behavior in the game? Let me break it down for you.

First off, intentional feeders are like masters at avoiding reports. It's insane. I mean, come on, only 3 reports a week? That's nothing! Especially when there are players out there grinding like 7 games a day or more. How is that fair? These feeders can just do their thing once a day, ruin a game, and then hide behind all their other games where they didn't get mass reported. Valve seriously needs to rethink their whole report system. Instead of giving us a set number of reports per week, they should give us reports based on the number of games played. It just makes more sense, you know?

But here's the kicker, in high MMR games, the report cooldown is way too damn long. We're talking several weeks here. And guess what? You're bound to play with the same players multiple times a day. So if some jerk decides to intentionally lose more than once on your team within a few weeks, tough luck buddy, you can't report them. And let's not forget about the poor soul who abandons a game just to save his teammates from a griefer. They can't report the griefer unless they stick around until the bitter end. It's like Valve wants us to suffer or something.

And you know what happens when the system fails to punish these toxic players? They start naming themselves things like "i will feed if x is on my team". It's like they're mocking us, knowing damn well that reporting them won't do squat. So what do they do? They go ahead and ruin another game because they feel like that's the only way to "punish" the players who ruined their game before. It's a vicious cycle, man. And even the worst offenders barely get low priority, let alone a proper ban. I'm talking about those notorious griefers on US East like liangy, nikitta, geza, sladin, lucifer morningstar, bloody nine, and leostyle. These guys are basically celebrities in the griefer community, known for running down mid or destroying their items whenever they don't get their precious role or if they think the game is a lost cause. And you know what happens? Other players start ruining games too when they're on the same team. It's like a freaking infection.

But wait, there's more! BehavioUr score doesn't mean jack in the immortal bracket. Yeah, you heard me right. It's useless. Unlike in other brackets where it affects matchmaking, in the immortal bracket, it's just there for show. And let me tell you, on the EU servers where there are more players, this becomes painfully evident. Those griefers, no matter how terrible they are, can still queue and play normally as long as their MMR is high enough. It's a recipe for disaster, man. I don't know what can be done about this without affecting queue times, but it needs to be addressed.

So yeah, there you have it. The real reasons why this crap keeps happening and nobody seems to be doing anything about it. Valve needs to step up their game and come up with a better system to deal with these toxic players. Until then, we're stuck in this never-ending cycle of griefing and suffering. Ain't that just great?
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! So, I just had a major facepalm moment with my girlfriend and I really need to rant about it. Buckle up, because this is gonna be a long-ass post full of my frustrated ramblings. Brace yourselves!

Alright, so here's the deal. I love my girlfriend, I really do. But lately, things have been getting real complicated. You see, I never saw myself following the whole "traditional" life plan after college. You know, the whole nine-to-five grind, settling down, getting married, having kids - that whole shebang. But somehow, I ended up with all of that.

I've gotta admit, I'm in a pretty sweet job right now. It's unbelievably amazing, and if I were to drop everything and go on some crazy adventure, I'd probably end up screwing myself over, career-wise. But deep down, I've got this burning desire to explore, to travel, to find myself. And my girlfriend gets it...kinda.

She understands that I need to do this for my own sanity, otherwise I'll be resenting her down the line. But at the same time, she's frustrated as hell that I want to go soul-searching instead of settling down and becoming a boring couple. She even made this snarky comment, saying that I'd probably find traveling "meh" and then come back to regret giving up my awesome job. Ugh, talk about killing my dreams.

But here's the thing, guys. The biggest roadblock here, aside from the fear of leaving her, is this stupid notion that I'm too old to chase my dreams or that I'm throwing away something amazing by wanting to explore. It's like she's ready to put a ring on it and start our cookie-cutter life while I'm here daydreaming about living in another country or getting another darn degree. Can you blame me for wanting a taste of adventure before settling down? I mean, seriously!

I know what you're thinking. I'm just some lost twenty-something who has no clue what I want in life. And you know what? Maybe you're right. Perhaps I am directionless and lacking life experience. But damn it, these feelings are legit! They're buried deep within my very core, and I can't keep brushing them aside and pretending that making her happy will magically make me happy too.

To top it all off, my girlfriend had the audacity to say she was surprised I seemed okay with the whole nine-to-five routine. Oh, how sweet! Basically, she's claiming she can have her stable life and independence because I forced myself into this mold. Talk about a low blow! Seriously, why can't she just understand that I want more than the same old routine?

Now, here's the kicker that's pushing me towards considering a breakup. Just the thought of all the unique and crazy experiences I could be having in another part of the world! Picture this: me, in some exotic location, surrounded by fascinating people, living a life full of thrill and adventure. Meanwhile, I'm stuck in my hometown, doing the same damn thing day in and day out. It's like a nightmare!

Okay, sorry for the rant, guys. I know this post turned into a freaking novel, but I needed to get all this off my chest after talking to my girl. Thanks for reading if you've made it this far. Feel free to share your thoughts, or not. I honestly don't care. I just needed to vent after that discussion. You all rock!
------
Look, I gotta be real here. I don't know what the fuck you're smoking, but you're completely off base with your assessment of Carol Danvers in Civil War II. Like seriously, did we even read the same damn comics?

First of all, let's talk about this whole confession bullshit. Yeah, sure, Carol admitted to wanting to kill Carol and the rest of the champions, but that doesn't mean shit. Her reasoning behind it doesn't excuse her actions, plain and simple. You can't just go around planning murders and expect people to be like, "Oh yeah, totally get where you're coming from." That's not how the real world works, and that's not how confessions work either.

And don't even get me started on your defense of Carol in general. You act like she's some innocent snowflake who can do no wrong. Well newsflash, buddy, she ain't. She's a flawed character just like everyone else. Yeah, maybe in the context of the story, she didn't do anything super heinous, but that doesn't mean she's a saint.

You keep blabbering about how this event is trying to make Carol look like a monster, but honestly, she does a pretty good job of that herself. She killed Rhodey, she killed Bruce, she threw people into concentration camps for fuck's sake! And let's not forget how she was trying to arrest Miles at the Capitol building without giving him a fair trial. Yeah, real heroic there, Carol.

And please, spare me your excuses about the lack of oversight and all that crap. We both know that's just a feeble attempt to justify her actions. Fact is, she fucked up big time and caused a whole lot of unnecessary pain and destruction.

Now, let's address your little argument about Allison Greene. Look, I don't give a flying fuck who she is or what her motivations are. The point is, Carol is responsible for her own actions. She made the choice to align herself with a terrorist and carry out their evil plans. Trying to blame someone else for her bullshit is just pathetic.

But hey, I'll humor you for a second. Let's say, for the sake of argument, that Carol is not solely to blame for everything that went down. Fine. But that still doesn't change the fact that Tony Stark started this whole clusterfuck when he attacked the triskelion. Talk about an act of terrorism. And then he had the audacity to try and murder Carol? Yeah, great guy, that Tony Stark.

Look, I'm not saying this event was a masterpiece by any means. It had its fair share of problems, no doubt. But you can't sit there and tell me that Carol is some innocent victim in all of this. She fucked up, plain and simple. And no matter how hard you try to downplay it and shift the blame onto others, the facts remain:

1. Carol did kill James Rhodes.
2. Carol did kill Bruce Banner.
3. Tony Stark started the conflict and tried to kill Carol.

You can throw all the excuses and interpretations you want at me, but those are the hard truths. So unless you can come to terms with that, I don't see any point in continuing this pointless debate.
------
I gotta say, it really grinds my gears when people try to argue that Kobe Bryant is better than the legendary Michael Jordan. Like, seriously? Are these people blind or just delusional? I mean, sure, Kobe has some impressive stats and accomplishments, but when you compare him to MJ, it's like comparing a moldy apple to a fresh and crisp one.

First of all, let's talk about the whole Kobe vs. LeBron debate. Now, I'm not saying LeBron is better than MJ because that's a whole other can of worms, but at least LeBron brings something new to the table. He's got his own unique playing style, he's a statistical god, and let's not forget that he holds the title for all-time leading playoff scorer. Kobe, on the other hand, is just a carbon copy of MJ. Same position, same pure scoring role, same coach, same system  you name it. And guess what? He even performed worse individually. I mean, come on, where's the originality?

But wait, there's more. Let's take a look at the supporting cast argument. People always say that Kobe had no help during his prime years. Well, guess what? That argument is completely irrelevant. I don't care if Kobe had to carry the team on his back, shooting 34% from three on four attempts per game for his career is not impressive. Kevin Durant, for example, shoots 38% on 4.8 attempts per game. And even if we adjust for the defensive era Kobe played in, he still falls short, shooting 34% on 4.4 attempts. So, excuse me while I laugh at the idea that Kobe's lack of help excuses his poor shooting.

Now, let's tackle the Westbrook issue. People love to bring up KD's partnership with Westbrook to discredit his achievements. But here's the thing, in 2009, when Kobe was facing similar defensive challenges, he had Pau Gasol scoring 19 PPG on 57% shooting and Andrew Bynum scoring 14 PPG on 56% shooting. Not to mention, they had the third-best offense in the league. And yet, Kobe only managed to shoot 35% from three on four attempts. Meanwhile, Durant had rookie Westbrook scoring 15 PPG on 39% shooting and ranked 29th in offense. And what did Durant do? He shot 42% from three on three attempts. So, tell me again how Westbrook's presence hindered KD's performance?

Oh, and by the way, Kobe's shooting woes continue in the playoffs, where he's still a worse three-point shooter than Durant. So, yeah, I think it's safe to say that those who believe Kobe is better than MJ are just plain wrong. It takes a special kind of willful ignorance and bias to buy into that nonsense.

Look, I'm not trying to attack anyone personally here. I'm just saying that Kobe stans need to accept the facts and stop living in their own little fantasy world. Celtics fans don't claim Larry Bird is better than MJ, Spurs fans don't argue Duncan is better, and even Lakers fans don't try to claim Magic Johnson, who is more accomplished than Kobe, is better. It's only the Kobe stans who keep pushing this agenda.

So, let's put an end to this never-ending debate and give credit where credit is due. MJ is the GOAT, and no amount of Kobe love can change that. It's time to move on and appreciate the greatness we witnessed, instead of trying to rewrite history with false narratives.
------
Honestly, I don't understand why people are so obsessed with Elon Musk. Sure, he might have accomplished a few things, but let's not pretend like he's some sort of genius. Tesla was nothing before him? Well, guess what? It's still not much even with him. Musk is always setting these lofty goals for himself and his companies, but he falls short every single time. It's actually quite comical to watch.

I mean, sure, they pulled in around 4 billion in revenue last quarter, but they're still not profitable. And let's not forget that their stock is all over the place. One moment it's up, the next it's down. It's like a rollercoaster ride, but not the fun kind. And speaking of their stock, they're valued at 50 billion. Yeah, I know, it sounds like a lot, but come on, that's nothing compared to other globally recognized brands. And I'm sure I could build a company worth 50 billion in my sleep. Just kidding, obviously. That takes real talent and hard work, which Musk seems to be lacking.

And don't even get me started on Jeff Bezos. He's worth a whopping 165 billion. Musk couldn't hold a candle to him. Remember when SpaceX was struggling and on the verge of bankruptcy? Well, that's because Musk was so involved in every little aspect of the company. He's all about engineering and design, which is great, but it's not enough to keep a company afloat. Meanwhile, Bezos knows how to delegate. He lets the experts do their thing while he focuses on the bigger picture. And you know what? Bezos doesn't go around bragging about how much he reads or pretending to pack Amazon shipments. He's a real leader, not some attention-seeking man-child.

Oh, and here's a fun fact for you. Reusing rockets? Yeah, that's not new. It's been possible for decades. But here's the thing, nobody actually did it until Musk came along. So yeah, I guess he can take credit for that, but let's not act like it's some groundbreaking achievement. And as for "raping the government," that's just an exaggeration. Musk has received government contracts, sure, but so have many other companies. Lockheed Martin, for example. Do they "rape" the government too? I guess according to your logic they do.

You want to talk about economic feasibility? Well, guess what? Reusing rockets is economically feasible, as Musk has proven. So your argument that it's not economically viable just falls flat. And you're criticizing Musk for not having enough money initially to start up SpaceX? Seriously? You're grasping at straws here. It's clear that you're just looking for any reason to nitpick and criticize. Get a life.

And what's your problem with SolarCity? It was bought out by Tesla. Big deal. That's how business works sometimes. Companies acquire other companies. It's not a reflection of failure or anything like that. But of course, you'll twist it to fit your narrative.

Let's get one thing straight. Musk might have achieved some success, but he's not as self-made as you think. He had his fair share of advantages, being an immigrant who nearly went bankrupt multiple times. But that doesn't mean that anyone in his position would automatically become a billionaire. Life isn't that simple. We all have different circumstances and opportunities. So excuse me if I don't feel the need to worship at his feet like you do.

And to say that his companies are worth billions is laughable, considering their book value is actually less than zero. Yeah, that's right. Negative value. So tell me again how amazing Musk is? And don't even get me started on his public offerings. It's like he's constantly burning through money and relying on the public to bail him out. And now he's onto building tunnels? Yeah, good luck with that one. Are the funds secure on that too? I highly doubt it.

I don't own any of Musk's stock, so I'm not propping him up like you seem to think. And honestly, I couldn't care less about his success or failures. But it's clear that you're just a temporarily embarrassed billionaire who feels the need to criticize successful people to make yourself feel better about your lack of accomplishments. So go ahead, keep jerking him off. It just makes you look pathetic.
------
Hey guys, I'm in a bit of a pickle here and could really use some advice. So, last night things kinda escalated between me and my girlfriend...and now we might be dealing with a little surprise. Yeah, you guessed it, she might be pregnant. And guess what? No one else knows!

Let me give you some backstory. We met at this summer camp (yes, I'm still in high school) and hit it off right away. I mean, I was the nerdy guy who never really had a girlfriend before, and suddenly I found myself in this relationship with this hot blonde. It was like a dream come true! But here's the kicker - she lives all the way in Seattle and I'm stuck here in North Carolina. Talk about long distance!

Anyway, fast forward to Hurricane Florence. She had plans to go to California for a beach trip with her friends, but instead ended up in Wilmington because of the storm. Since she had nowhere else to go, I, being the idiot that I am, offered her a place to stay at my house. Did I mention my parents had no idea she existed? Yeah, you can imagine how well that went down.

So now she's here, staying with my parents, and we're playing house for a couple of nights. The first night was pretty chill, just some much-needed sleep (except for me, I was too nervous to sleep). But then last night happened. We decided to take things to the next level, thinking we were being responsible with a condom and all. Well, turns out the condom was ridiculously oversized and it ended up leaking. Great job, me.

Now here I am, freaking out because we decided to take a stupid risk and there's a chance she might be pregnant. And the worst part is, no one knows! Not my parents, not our friends, no one. It's like a secret pregnancy, and it's eating away at me.

I should probably mention that I'm completely clueless when it comes to sex-ed. I mean, I was too busy playing Clash Royale during those classes. So yeah, I have no idea what I'm doing. I'm considering going to a doctor to confirm if she's actually pregnant or if it's just a false positive on the pregnancy test. Like, can that even happen? I seriously need some guidance here.

Update: So apparently, I know absolutely nothing about sex-ed. Thanks to all the helpful comments, I now realize that there could be other reasons for a positive pregnancy test and that I might be overreacting. Phew! I'll definitely be scheduling that doctor's appointment though, just to be sure. Lesson learned, folks!

Another update: So I told my girlfriend about my plans to see a doctor, and guess what? She said it was all just a prank! Can you believe that? I feel like I've been scammed. Now I don't know what to do. Do I dump her for messing with my emotions like that, or do I entertain this further? Help!

Final update: Wow, thanks to /u/flagshack for the gold! I don't think I deserve it, but hey, I appreciate the support. I've definitely learned my lesson and now understand the importance of listening in sex-ed class. And to all of you who offered advice and helped me through my mini-freakout, thank you! You guys are awesome.

So, that's the rollercoaster ride I've been on lately. From meeting a girl at camp to potentially impregnating her, it's been a wild journey. Let's hope this serves as a cautionary tale for all you youngins out there. Stay safe, use protection (properly!), and always listen in sex-ed class. Trust me, it's important.
------
Hey, I couldn't help but notice how clueless you are with your statements. Seriously, do some research before you start spouting off nonsense.

First of all, you claim that Indonesia and Malaysia are marketing themselves as alternatives to China? Are you kidding me? Where is your evidence for that? I haven't seen any official marketing campaigns from these countries promoting themselves as such. It's just a figment of your imagination.

And then you talk about India clamoring to handle more manufacturing. Again, where is your proof? Just because you heard some random rumor doesn't make it true. India has its own set of problems when it comes to manufacturing, so don't act like they're some superior alternative to China.

You mention data storage manufacturing as an example of companies moving away from China. Yes, some companies have shifted their manufacturing to Southeast Asia, but that's not because they see it as an alternative to China. It's simply a move to diversify their supply chain and reduce risks. And let's not forget that China still remains a major player in manufacturing, despite what you seem to think.

Oh, and you think companies moved their manufacturing out of China because of IP theft? Give me a break. Companies have been dealing with IP theft in China for years, and they still chose to stay there because of the huge consumer market. It's all about business strategy, not some fear of IP theft.

Now, let's address your absurd claim that finding production lines to match quality is difficult. Have you even heard of Alibaba? They are the biggest player in connecting businesses with suppliers, and they offer supplemental insurance in case things go wrong. So yeah, it's pretty damn easy to find suppliers who can match quality. And don't forget that most suppliers even send samples before you commit to an order.

And please, spare me your nonsense about the Chinese market being unfair to American companies. Yes, there are challenges doing business in China, but that's true for any country. It's called competition, something that American companies should be familiar with. Stop whining and adapt to the market instead of blaming others for your own failures.

Now, let's talk about the trade war. You claim that China is 1000000x worse off than America? Really? Last time I checked, it's the American companies that are suffering from increased costs due to tariffs. Sure, Americans might have to pay a bit more for cheap consumer goods, but that's about it. Meanwhile, China's private sector has been heavily funded by the West, and they have massive private debt. So yeah, maybe you should educate yourself on the actual consequences of the trade war before making such ignorant claims.

In conclusion, do us all a favor and stick to your own level of economic comprehension. Your arguments are baseless, uninformed, and frankly, a waste of everyone's time. China is still a major player in manufacturing, and companies make strategic decisions based on various factors, not because they see Indonesia, Malaysia, or India as alternatives. So next time, do some proper research before making outrageous claims.
------
Alright, listen up people. I stumbled across this whole debacle about an artist named Thomas and his use of someone else's image in his work. Now, I'm not an expert on art or anything, but I just gotta say that this whole situation seems blown way out of proportion.

So apparently, this Thomas guy used a photograph that was taken like ages ago, and now the original photographer, Williams, is all up in arms about it. He's crying about how Thomas doesn't have the right to use his image without permission. But honestly, who really cares? It's just a freaking picture!

Now, Thomas defended himself by questioning whether this Williams dude can even claim ownership over the image. And you know what? I kinda agree with him. Like, come on, it's been so many years since that picture was taken. Do people still have control over every single photo they've ever taken? I highly doubt it.

Thomas raises some valid points about representation, objectification, and exploitation. He brings up the fact that maybe the subjects in the image should be compensated or asked for permission. And you know what? That's fair. But at the end of the day, aren't these images of public events? Shouldn't they belong to society as a whole?

I mean, think about it. Thomas compares it to sampling and remixing in music, which has been done for ages. People used to say rap music wasn't even music because it sampled other songs. But look how that turned out! Sampling became an integral part of music production, and nobody bats an eye anymore.

And let's not forget that Thomas is a black artist, and his work often addresses race. So, maybe as a white photographer, Williams doesn't really have ownership over an image that captures black youth celebrating the end of a racist system in South Africa. It's something for us to consider, you know?

But here's the thing that bugs me. Reddit, and some people in general, just can't seem to grasp the concept that art is more than just pretty pictures. It's about ideas, man! It's about pushing boundaries and making people think. And that's exactly what Thomas is doing with his work.

Now, I don't expect to change any minds here, but I've spent a lot of time thinking about this stuff. And honestly, it's about time we start appreciating art for more than just technical skills. It's about the context, the concept, and the message.

Oh, and by the way, Thomas ended up taking down the controversial piece after all this drama. But before you jump to conclusions, listen to what he had to say. He mentioned that he didn't alter the image enough for the original photographer's liking. But seriously, when is something "enough"? This picture has been seen and printed worldwide for decades. At some point, don't other people have the right to engage with it in their own way, just like quoting from a book?

Alright, rant over. I just had to get this off my chest. Art is subjective, and everyone is entitled to their own opinions. But hey, maybe it's time we broaden our horizons and start appreciating art for its ideas, rather than nitpicking every single detail. Just a thought.
------
Hey guys, can you believe this Brian Snitker dude? I mean, just look at his crazy journey in the Braves organization. Hank Aaron hired him way back in 1981 as a roving instructor, and since then, he's changed roles a whopping 19 times! That's like, some serious dedication to one team.

Let's break it down, shall we? In 1977, Snitker signed with the Braves as an undrafted free agent and started off playing rookie ball as a catcher. Nothing too exciting there, but hey, gotta start somewhere, right?

Then, he worked his way up through the minor league system, playing in various levels from A to AAA. You gotta respect the grind, playing in 85 games in 1978 and 75 games in 1979 for AA-Savannah. But it wasn't until 1981 that he made his big move into coaching.

From there on, it was a whirlwind of managerial and coaching positions. He managed teams like A-Anderson in 1982, A-Durham from 1983 to 1984 (where he had the legendary Leo Mazzone as his pitching coach), and even got to be the bullpen coach for Atlanta in 1985.

But wait, there's more! Snitker managed A-Sumter in 1986, which was the same year both David Justice and Mark Lemke played for him. And in 1987, he managed A-Durham, where future big leaguer Kent Mercker was under his guidance.

He even coached A-Macon in 1991 when Chipper Jones was tearing it up. And remember Jason Schmidt, Brad Clontz, and Tony Graffanino? Yeah, Snitker managed them all in A-Macon in 1992.

He had stints coaching in Rookie Ball with players like Jermaine Dye, Andruw Jones, and Kevin Millwood. Then, in 1996, he managed RK-Danville with the talented Jason Marquis.

He returned to A-Macon in 1997 and 1998, where he oversaw players like Bruce Chen, Odalis Perez, Marcus Giles, and Horacio Ramirez. And from 1999 to 2001, he managed A-Myrtle Beach with guys like Rafael Furcal, Adam LaRoche, and Nick Green.

But wait, we're not done yet! Snitker managed AA-Greenville from 2002 to 2004, where he had players like Matt Belisle, Kelly Johnson, Adam Wainwright, and Jeff Francoeur. Then, he moved on to manage AA-Mississippi in 2005 with Brian McCann, Martin Prado, and Gregor Blanco.

In 2006, he finally made it to AAA-Richmond as the manager, working with players like Peter Moylan and Brayan Pena. And from 2007 to 2013, he served as the Braves' third base coach.

After that, he managed AAA-Gwinnett from 2014 to 2016, and then the unexpected happened. In May 2016, he was named the interim manager for Atlanta. And guess what? He stayed on as the manager, despite some big names like Bud Black and Ron Washington interviewing for the position. The players even spoke up and asked the front office to keep him for 2018.

Did anyone see this coming? I certainly didn't. The dude was projected to finish fourth in the division, but he goes and leads the Braves to clinch the NL East title. They were the first NL team to do it, by the way. Talk about an underdog story.

And get this, since he became the interim manager in 2016, the Braves led the MLB in comeback victories. This guy knows how to motivate his team and make a comeback happen.

So, yeah, it's safe to say that Snitker is the likely NL Manager of the Year. I mean, who else could deserve it more? He's spent a whopping 41 seasons in the Braves organization, 37 of those as a non-player. That's dedication right there.

And let's not forget that he's survived under the leadership of seven different general managers. All seven of them decided to keep Snitker around. That's gotta tell you something about his abilities as a manager.

In conclusion, Brian Snitker is a legend in the Braves organization. He's had more roles than I've had hot meals, and he's managed at every level in the minor leagues in ten different cities. The guy is a true example of loyalty and dedication.

So, let's raise our glasses to Snitker and the Braves for defying expectations and clinching the NL East title. It's been a wild ride, and I can't wait to see what they'll do in the playoffs. Go Braves!
------
Yo, listen up, fellow Redditors! I gotta share this info with y'all because it's gonna save your gaming life. So, picture this - you're hosting a game, right, and you wanna connect to the internet through your home router. Well, guess what? Your house only has one IP address that the whole damn world can see! But here's the kicker - each computer connected to your router gets its own internal IP address, and that can only talk to devices on your network. Complicated stuff, I know, but that's the basic idea.

Now, when you're just casually browsing the web, you send a request out through your router, and the computer on the other end sends back the page you want. Easy peasy, right? But when you're hosting a game, it's a whole different ballgame. You're just sitting there, waiting for connections like some sorta server. And guess what? Your router ain't got no clue where to send those incoming requests because it doesn't have that outgoing package ID thingy. So, it's like, "Nah, dude, I don't know where to send this. Connection refused!"

But fear not, my friends! There's a solution called port forwarding. Basically, you tell your router, "Yo, anything coming in on port 30852 (or whatever port your game uses) is looking for ol' Jimbo's computer. So, send it straight to me, baby!" And that's exactly what your router does. Your friend's packet gets sent directly to your computer, and bam! Connection made.

Nowadays, we got fancy software like Steam that does all this shit for you. You don't gotta worry about port forwarding like we used to back in the day. I don't know the technical details, but it works like magic, man. The good old days of hosting Minecraft servers and messing around with port forwarding are long gone. Thank goodness for that, amirite?

But why did it take so damn long for this change to happen? Well, back in the day when our internet speeds were slower than a snail, games were getting all fancy with 3
------
Yo, what's up everyone?

So, let me tell you about this ridiculous situation I found myself in recently. It all started when I decided to clean out my freezer. You see, my ex-roommates were a bunch of shitty people who left behind 18 pounds of cheap-ass meat in there. Like, seriously, who does that? Anyway, I was so caught up in my thoughts of disbelief that it didn't even occur to me that the trash had just been collected the day before.

So, without giving it much thought, I chucked all that meat into the trash can. I mean, it's all good, right? The lid will be closed and it'll be fine. Well, let me tell you, I messed up big time. Fast forward to Friday, and as soon as I step outside, I'm greeted by a swarm of flies. Oh, great. I immediately realize that I really screwed up, but hey, I figure I'll just wait until trash day to sort it out.

Saturday comes along and I need to take the kitchen trash out. I leave it outside, thinking I can just wait until after the garbage has been cleared. But no, life can't be that easy for me. Sunday rolls around, and lo and behold, raccoons have gotten into my bagged garbage. Now, I have to deal with that mess.

Reluctantly, I open the trash can lid, and let me tell you, the sight wasn't pretty. I swear to you, I got the immediate impression that there were hundreds of maggots in there. Now, I may be short, standing at just barely 5'3", but I consider myself tough. I've pulled maggots out of a baby skunk's leg wound before, for crying out loud! Plus, I'm studying to be a biologist, so I should be able to handle this, right? So, I just throw the bag into the can.

Next thing I know, I'm convinced that there are at least 1000 maggots in that godforsaken trash can. It's Monday now, and today is the day I gear up for battle. I arm myself with poison, rubber gloves, eye-protecting glasses, a face mask, and even some moth balls. I'm ready to take on this disgusting army of maggots. After mustering up all my courage, I throw open the lid. And guess what? It hadn't even crossed my mind that those little demons might be on the underside of the lid.

As soon as I open it, there they are, at least a thousand maggots just chilling on the underside of the lid. They start falling everywhere, their repugnant bodies plopping onto the ground. I let out a blood-curdling scream, like I'm being freaking murdered or something. It was completely involuntary, a sound ripped from the depths of my soul. But hey, I'm not one to back down easily, so I start spraying like there's no tomorrow. I march around, spraying those wriggling little creatures on the lid and the ground. But then a fly decides to tackle me, and I lose my shit. I run back inside, sobbing like a baby.

For a while, I just watch from my window as those maggots crawl around on the can and the ground. I call my mom, hoping for some sympathy, only to have her laugh at my misery. Great, thanks, Mom. Then, I call my dad, but he's seven hours away and can't do anything about it. I even call my boyfriend, who's five hours away and doesn't have a car. Sure, I have friends, but none of them are good enough to deal with something this gross.

And to make matters worse, it's freaking Labor Day. Seriously, why does this shit always happen on holidays? I call eight different pest control places until I finally find one that's open and can send someone out. Now, I'm just here, waiting for my savior to arrive, and hoping they won't charge me an arm and a leg.

So, I'll keep you all posted on how much this pest control hero costs me. And hey, on the bright side, this whole ordeal has taught me one thing: I definitely should not apply to that entomology master's degree program I was considering. Bees and ants are cool and all, but maggots? Hell no.

Update: The bug man finally came, and let me tell you, he was super swe
------
Seriously? Are we still arguing about this Exodus nonsense? It's like debating whether or not Santa Claus is real. Spoiler alert: he's not, just like the whole Moses and the Red Sea thing.

First of all, let's talk about this "oral tradition" you mentioned. Yeah, because we all know that oral tradition is the epitome of accuracy and reliability. People love to pass down stories from generation to generation, and you know what happens? The stories change! They get embellished, exaggerated, and twisted to fit the agenda of whoever is telling them. So forgive me if I'm not buying into this whole "oral tradition" excuse for the Exodus story.

And speaking of the Exodus story, let's look at the so-called evidence. You mentioned Hosea and Amos, two guys who apparently weren't even alive during this alleged event. So what were they doing, sitting around a campfire, making up stories about the good ol' days? Yeah, that sounds credible. And even if they did hear this story from someone else, who's to say it wasn't already distorted by that point? People love to add their own flair to stories, especially when it comes to gods and miracles.

But wait, there's more! You also brought up Isaiah, who apparently mentioned the Exodus once in passing. Oh wow, what a solid foundation for a historical event. I mean, if it's mentioned in passing, it must be true, right? Give me a break. Just because Isaiah mentioned it doesn't mean it actually happened. It's like me mentioning that I won the lottery last week. Doesn't make it true, now does it?

And let's not forget about the archaeological evidence, or lack thereof. You claim that most experts accept the archaeological evidence, but I call BS on that. Show me one piece of solid evidence that proves the Exodus actually happened. Go ahead, I'll wait. Oh wait, you can't because it doesn't exist! All we have are a bunch of religious fanatics repeating the same story over and over again with no real proof to back it up. Sounds pretty convincing, doesn't it?

Look, I get it. People love a good origin story. It gives them a sense of identity and purpose. But we can't just blindly accept these ancient tales as historical fact. We need concrete evidence, not hearsay and religious propaganda. Until someone can provide that, I'm going to continue rolling my eyes every time someone brings up the Exodus. It's nothing more than a bedtime story for gullible adults.
------
Alright, here's my informal and impolite response.

Dude, you're going on and on about all these different points, but honestly, it's all a big mess. Like who gives a damn about differentiating between "passing out" and "blacking out"? It's not like that's gonna solve anything. And yeah, Feinstein totally played dirty by sitting on that damn letter for six weeks. That's some shady shit right there.

But let's talk about the FBI background checks. I mean, seriously? Six times they checked this guy out and didn't find anything about sexual misconduct? Are they blind or just plain dumb? It's definitely fishy as hell. But you know what? Even if they did find something, it still doesn't make up for Kavanaugh's messed up stance on mass surveillance and rendition. Like, come on, that stuff is messed up!

And here's the thing, man. This whole allegation against Kavanaugh has so little corroboration. It's like, really? We're gonna tear this guy apart without any solid evidence? That's setting a dangerous precedent, my friend. But hey, that doesn't mean I want an unbalanced Supreme Court either. I mean, that's just asking for trouble.

Now, let's talk about Kavanaugh's most recent testimony. That guy was evasive as hell when it came to his drinking. Like, just answer the damn question, dude! And Christine Ford's testimony? Yeah, I gotta admit, there were some sketchy aspects to it. But you know what? None of this really matters when it comes to the big issues at hand.

Roe vs Wade? Nah, that ain't ever gonna get overturned. And the Patriot Act? Forget about it! They might re-brand it, but nothing significant will change. And can we just take a moment to appreciate the irony of the left suddenly hating on Kavanaugh for his role in the Bush administration? I mean, come on people, get your shit together.

But here's the real problem, man. The media keeps feeding us these talking points, and it's like they think we're all a bunch of sheep. Well, newsflash, we're not! And don't even get me started on the intelligence agencies. Will they ever respect our laws and stop spying on us? Hell no! And did the Democrats even bother questioning Kavanaugh about his role in the Bush administration? Who the hell knows?

Look, it's clear that our privacy and technology are going down the drain, and the Supreme Court ain't gonna do shit about it. They might even make things worse! And let's be real here, neither the Democrats nor the Republicans have the balls to stand up to the intelligence agencies and their mass surveillance. It's all a damn circus.

So, honestly, I couldn't care less if Kavanaugh gets confirmed or not. Both him and Ford have been treated like crap, but in the end, I gotta stick to my own beliefs. I'm a conspiracy theorist, man, and I don't trust the government one bit. The invasion of our privacy and mass surveillance is getting out of hand, and Kavanaugh has a history with that stuff. Can't reconcile that shit, you know?

But hey, even if Kavanaugh doesn't get confirmed, do you really think Fox News or CNN or any of those mainstream media outlets would give a damn about his role in the Bush administration? Hell no! They're just gonna move on to the next big thing. And as for Kavanaugh seeking a public voice in the alternative media? Yeah, good luck with that. No one gives a shit about what he knows about the Patriot Act. It's all just a big mess, man.
------
Alright, let's get down to it. I've been scrolling through this subreddit for hours, and I just can't hold my tongue any longer. There's been so much talk about Jaime and Cersei, and I've had enough of this victimization nonsense. Seriously, people need to wake up and see that these two brought all the misery upon themselves.

Sure, Jaime and Cersei may have made a decision to follow their desires like a bunch of horny teenagers, but let's not forget that it was their selfishness that caused so much bloodshed in the realm. They didn't give a flying dragon's ass about other people and look where that got us. The fact that Jaime now hates Cersei because she couldn't keep her legs closed for other men is just ridiculous. I mean, come on, is that really a reason to hate someone? It's shallow and petty.

And let me tell you something, Jaime cares more about Brienne than he ever did about Cersei. Their relationship has shown us that there's more to him than just being his sister's lapdog. His redemption arc is about political awareness and making society better, not about becoming some kind of queenslayer badass. Plus, let's not forget that he only has one hand now, so choking Cersei is out of the picture anyways.

Here's the thing that really grinds my gears: the theme of misogyny in Cersei's arc. If Jaime were to kill her, it would leave a bad taste in my mouth. I mean, do we really want to reinforce that idea that a woman can only be taken down by a man? No, thank you. Let's move past that tired trope and focus on more interesting and empowering storylines.

Now, Arya, on the other hand, has truly been a victim of Cersei and Jaime's messed up relationship. Think about it, because of their little love affair, Arya became an orphan and was thrown into the middle of a freaking war. It's not fair and it's definitely not right.

And that quote from A Feast for Crows? It just adds fuel to the fire. Cersei clearly has a personal issue with Arya, and it's about time someone put her in her place. But listen up, people, Arya killing Cersei with a sword doesn't make any damn sense. She can barely swing a sword properly, so why would she go for a sword instead of a dagger if she wants to assassinate someone? It just doesn't add up.

Instead, mark my words, Arya will end Cersei's reign of terror with tears of lys and the strangler. It fits the prophecy better, and honestly, it sounds way cooler than some sword-wielding act of vengeance. Plus, it would be a poetic justice. Cersei, who thought she could get away with hurting everyone without any consequences, will finally face her reckoning.

And let's not forget the Lannisters and their arrogance. Tywin thought he could play the game of thrones and do whatever the hell he wanted, and look how that turned out for him. Sooner or later, everyone bows low, whether they're a king or a pauper. Death is the great equalizer, my friends.

So, to sum it all up, let's stop with this "Jaime is a victim" nonsense. He and Cersei brought their own downfall upon themselves. Arya, on the other hand, deserves her revenge and it's about time Cersei faces the consequences of her actions. Let's break free from those tired tropes and embrace a more empowering and satisfying ending to this epic saga.
------
Alright, listen up you guys. I've been scrolling through this subreddit for a while now, and I can't help but notice all the drama that's been going on. I mean, seriously, it's like watching a soap opera unfold right in front of my eyes. But there's one thing that really grinds my gears: all this unnecessary blame being thrown around.

First of all, let's talk about this whole "giving her space" thing. Yeah, maybe I didn't give her as much space as I should have, but let me tell you, it was after two whole months of unresolved conflict. Can you blame me for being a little anxious about the situation? I messed up, and I admit it, but don't act like I'm the only one at fault here.

And speaking of faults, let's address the whole sex life debacle. Look, I never claimed to know her sex life better than she did. All I did was mention that she had mentioned struggling with dating because she wanted to wait until marriage. It was an accidental slip, alright? Cut me some slack.

Now let's move on to the online dating profiles. Yeah, I was a little annoyed when I saw that Hank had replaced me, but anger? Nah, not even close. I couldn't care less who she's dating or how many online profiles she has. Let her do her thing, for crying out loud.

Oh, and speaking of Hank, can we please get our facts straight? Hank never dated her, okay? They went on one hangout, which he considered a date, but she saw it as two friends hanging out. That happened over a year ago, way before any falling out. So stop making assumptions based on incomplete information.

Now, let's address this whole dealbreaker situation. Look, she made it clear that she didn't want to have sex before marriage, and that's fine. I respect that. But I also know Hank, and I can tell you that it would've been a dealbreaker for him too. He once flew halfway across the country just to sleep with someone he met online. So don't act like I'm the only one here who knows what they're talking about.

And here we go again with the whole "sabotage" thing. I did not try to sabotage anything with Hank because there was nothing to sabotage. He even told me himself that he was over her because he realized she was selfish. She invited him to coffee to let him vent, but ended up venting about her own problems instead. So yeah, not exactly a great relationship there.

Now, let's talk about taking responsibility. Trust me, I've taken responsibility for my actions. We had an honest discussion, I made it clear that I was over whatever I felt for her, and we even made plans to destress together. But then something came up, a family member got seriously ill, and she canceled. I gave her space, but something felt off. Turns out, she hadn't been communicating with me like she should have. So we both agreed that a couple weeks apart might be best. I respected her boundaries, okay?

And don't even get me started on the whole "stopped being friends" issue. She stopped talking to me, stopped spending time with me, and even gave me the silent treatment. But apparently, that's not the same as "stopped being friends." Give me a break.

And finally, let's address the restraining order threat. Yeah, that happened over three months later. And guess what? She said she was done being friends over a month before that. So don't act like I'm some crazy stalker or something. I've always respected her wishes, even when it hurt.

So there you have it, folks. I hope this clears things up once and for all. Quit pointing fingers and making assumptions. Life is messy, relationships are complicated, and shit happens. So let's all take a step back, take a deep breath, and maybe try to be a little more understanding.
------
Hey, what's up, fellow Redditors? I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't resist sharing my two cents on the subject. Now, I gotta say, there are some serious problems with confirmation bias and biased rape studies on campuses. It's like they want to manipulate the numbers to fit their agenda, you know what I mean?

First off, self-reporting is a major issue. I mean, come on, we all know people can lie, especially when it comes to something as sensitive as sexual assault. And don't even get me started on how they broaden the definition of sexual assault to the point where it becomes practically meaningless. It's like they're trying to push an agenda rather than find the truth.

Now, I did some digging, and guess what? Women do lie about rape. I'm not saying all of them, but definitely more than 10%. And you know how they manipulate statistics? By including unreported rape cases. Like, seriously? How can you include something that wasn't even reported? And here's another gem for you: They consider situations where two people were drinking and one claims rape as actual rape cases. I mean, come on! That's more like regret, not rape.

You know what really grinds my gears? The fact that they readily accept witness statements for rape or abuse cases without any evidence. But when it comes to capital murder cases, suddenly witness statements and memory aren't reliable enough. Like, what's up with that double standard? I've asked this question in my graduate classes, but all I got was accusations of hating women. It's ridiculous!

Now, let's talk about this Kavanaugh and Ford situation. People keep saying Ford is paying a price for coming forward. Really? How? If anything, she can play her cards right and make money on the speaking circuit. And let's not forget that abortion seems to be a major issue for her. So, it's not far-fetched to think she might be lying to prevent a possible vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. I mean, it's a valid reason, right?

And what about corroboration? There isn't any! Except for one person who openly admits to having no first-hand knowledge of the situation. And now we have another person claiming Ford named him as attending the party, but he wasn't even there. I mean, seriously, can we trust any of this?

Let's not overlook the fact that her therapist's story doesn't match her current claims. I'm sorry, but if your story keeps changing, it's hard to find it credible. And hey, there was a reason listed here, but it got removed. I wonder why...

Oh, and did anyone remember the FBI background check? Kavanaugh has been through one, just like I have (yeah, they had to talk to exes and friends and all that fun stuff). And guess what? This whole accusation didn't show up anywhere during his previous background checks. And Ford had plenty of time to come forward when he was nominated for an appeals court judge position, but she didn't. The timing just seems fishy, don't you think?

I'd love to see Ford testify and explain all these issues. I mean, who wouldn't want a good ol' interview from 35 years ago, right? But let's be real here, there's nothing backing up her claim, which is probably why it won't affect anyone's clearance. Even the FBI declined to investigate it. She's just trying to run out the clock, hoping the midterms go her way. That's why she's pushing for a 3-6 month FBI investigation. She knows what she's doing.

Alright, I'll leave it at that for now. Just wanted to share my thoughts on the matter. Let the downvotes rain upon me if you want, but hey, it's just the way I see it. Peace out, Redditors!
------
Hey, so I stumbled upon this post and couldn't help but respond because it's just so full of misinformation and, to be honest, a lot of whining. First off, it's not that Twitter or other platforms are specifically targeting conservatives for expressing their views. It's more about the content they share or the actions they take that violate the platforms' policies.

Now, you mentioned that smaller conservatives get banned for random reasons, while big names like Alex Jones seem to get away with it. Well, let me tell you, it's not about creating waves or anything like that. It's simply a matter of the effect these individuals have on the platform. When someone like Alex Jones gets banned, it's because he has a large following and his content often violates the platforms' guidelines on hate speech or harassment. It's not some grand conspiracy against conservatives, it's just enforcing the rules.

You also brought up YouTube and the issue with gun channels getting nuked. Look, I get it. It sucks when innocent channels get caught in the crossfire. But you have to understand that after a string of tragic shootings, platforms like YouTube have a responsibility to ensure that they don't inadvertently promote or support harmful content. So, they cracked down on gun-related channels to prevent any potential escalation.

As for Twitter, sure, there have been cases where people were suspended for seemingly tame tweets or retweets. But let's not forget that these platforms are dealing with millions, if not billions, of users. Mistakes happen, and sometimes innocent users get caught up in the automated algorithms or overzealous moderators. It's not some deliberate attempt to silence conservative voices.

You also mentioned the mods on Reddit being an issue. Well, I hate to break it to you, but mods are volunteers who dedicate their time and energy to keep communities in check. If you got banned from other subs for posting on a specific subreddit, it's probably because those mods felt that your participation in that community didn't align with the values or rules of their own subreddit. It's not a violation of site-wide rules, it's just how individual subreddits are managed.

Look, I get that you're frustrated with what you perceive as censorship, but let's be clear here: social media platforms have the right to enforce their own policies. It's not about taking away your freedom of speech, it's about maintaining a safe and inclusive environment for everyone. And by the way, nobody is telling you what you can read, listen to, or watch. You always have the choice to seek out alternative platforms or sources if you feel that your views are being stifled.

So, instead of throwing a fit and accusing everyone of being blind or supporting censorship, maybe take a step back and try to understand the complexities and challenges these platforms face. It's not a perfect system, but it's certainly not the dystopian nightmare you're making it out to be.
------
I get what you're saying, but let me tell you, it's really frustrating as a PvP player to have to rely on PvE to get gear. I mean, come on! Why should I have to do content that I don't enjoy just to get better gear? It's ridiculous.

In the good ol' days of TBC, you could actually get gear from PvP without having to touch PvE. That was awesome! You could farm honor and buy the gear you needed, no RNG involved. And you could even target specific pieces of gear that you needed, like legs or gloves. It wasn't like now, where you're stuck with ilvl 280 green legs while the rest of your gear is over 345. It's just not fair.

And let's talk about stats. Different specs need different stats, right? But in PvE, you can target specific drops from specific bosses to get the stats you need. In PvP, you're out of luck. You just have to hope you get lucky with RNG and get the gear with the right stats. It's frustrating, to say the least.

Speaking of RNG, it's absolute bullshit. I can put in so much play time and still not get the gear I want. I've seen people run a boss 10 times and get the drop they wanted, but in PvP, you can spend 50 times more time and still not get the gear you need. And even if you do get lucky and finally get some gear, it might not even have the right stats for your class/spec. It's a nightmare, I tell you.

All I want is to be able to progress. I'm willing to put in the work, I'm willing to farm, but at least give me the ability to earn honor and eventually buy the gear I need. It's not too much to ask for, right? Just like in the good ol' days when we had badges of justice and other currencies. You could always make progress and eventually get something for your efforts. But in PvP, there's nothing like that. It's frustrating.

And don't even get me started on casual battleground gear. I just want it to be decent enough so I can start doing arenas. I'm not asking for mythic+ level gear, just something that will let me compete in the serious content. Is that too much to ask for?

And look, I get that vanilla was a different game. Not everyone even made it to max level back then, and getting gear was a lot harder. But that doesn't mean we have to suffer in PvP just because PvE was hard back then. It's not comparing apples to oranges, it's comparing apples to cows!

So bottom line, PvP players today need a way to gear through the content they enjoy. We shouldn't have to rely on PvE to get gear. And since gearing is so much easier in PvE now, it's unfair to punish PvP players by making it so much harder for them. We're not asking for handouts or the best gear, we just want a way to earn and reliably farm specific gear that will actually be competitive. Is that too much to ask for?

I just want to be able to farm 340 gear from PvP in an equal or slightly longer amount of time than it takes to farm it from normal mythics. I don't want it to be easier, I just want the option to get equal stuff and actually be able to work towards it. Is that really too much to ask for?
------
Hey all, just wanted to jump in here and share my thoughts on a few things. Now, I gotta say, I disagree with some of the comments made here and there, and let's be real, there were a few times when things went off the rails.

First off, I think we need to address what Roseanne actually said. I mean, let's not downplay it or anything. She definitely crossed a line with her comments. On the other hand, when it comes to Sarah Jeong, sure, she said some nasty stuff, but I kind of get where she was coming from. I mean, we've all said dumb shit online, right? And unless someone keeps making those comments or has ties to questionable groups or recent incidents of harassment, maybe we shouldn't bring it up years later?

Now, the firing of James Damore is another topic that gets me riled up. I don't really agree with it, but hey, I understand why some people see diversity-driven hiring practices as necessary despite Damore's thoughts. The thing is, the science isn't crystal clear on gender differences, and it's possible that a lot of the traits we think of as "gendered" are actually due to socialization over generations. So maybe it's worth trying to correct them? But you know, I'm not a fan of government diversity mandates. If a private company wants to practice some soft discrimination in hiring to encourage ambition in women, well, that's their call. However, firing Damore without having a proper discussion sets a dangerous precedent. Same goes for Smith.

Now, someone here mentioned how this mistreatment is no different from what people of color faced 60 years ago. Hold up. Let's not go there. We're not facing widespread mob violence or police brutality like they did. Comparing any oppression we experience now as white people to what black folks went through before gaining civil rights is just insane.

And hey, I get it if you feel mistreated. But let's not forget that black people were enslaved and brutalized on a broad scale until the 1860s. They were marginalized, brutalized, and disenfranchised legally, systematically, and culturally for another century. To think that a racial minority could bounce back from centuries of oppression while living next door to the descendants of their oppressors is just absurd. We need to take this seriously and act upon it, just like we did with slavery and civil rights. Being called a Nazi for using Nazi slogans or having a qualified black woman get hired before you is nowhere near the same as what black Americans have endured.

Now, here's something interesting to consider. There are reasons to believe that diversity and civil rights movements have contributed to the financial collapse. Trust me, I know, which is why I think we need to move away from legislative paternalism in these matters.

Oh, and by the way, I'm not even fully white. I've got some Levantine blood in me. But that doesn't stop people from assuming I'm a Nazi or a white supremacist just because I identify as white. It's frustrating, right? Maybe white liberals can turn their noses down at people like us because they're more likely to be "purebred" and don't feel the need for a generalized racial identity. When you think about it, being "white" is basically a lower class in the American caste system.

But hey, don't get me wrong. People assume you're a Nazi because you say Nazi shit. However, your point about mixed American whites primarily identifying with their religion is intriguing. Those religions often have strong connections to specific European heritages too. Personally, as an atheist, I sometimes reference my Jewish heritage as both an ethnicity and a religion because I'm half Jewish. So, I'd suggest digging into your family's history, embracing your ethnic background, and taking pride in what they've accomplished.

And speaking of ethnic backgrounds, us white Americans don't have a shared sub-cultural experience like black Americans do. That might explain why black pride is more accepted while white pride is frowned upon. Of course, there's also the fact that "white pride" is a slogan used by white supremacists, whereas "black pride" and "gay pride" serve as a counterpoint to the long history of robbing those communities of their dignity and pride.

Wait, hold up! Did someone just say that the only long-term effects of the civil rights movement are riots, censorship, political correctness, race hatred, reduced social cohesion, and the destruction of the black community? Okay, let's take a step back here. Racial tensions may be higher now, but let's not forget that historically, things were way worse. If the black community is worse off today, it's likely due to economic factors rather than sociopolitical ones.

Now, I know someone mentioned a semantic comparison between the two, but here's the deal. Semantics, tone, and context matter in any real debate. We're not just talking about philosophical proofs and axioms here.

And hey, if someone's ethnicity isn't relevant, then I never want to hear words like "Nazi" or "white supremacist" ever again in my life. Fair point, right? You can call someone a Nazi if their philosophy revolves around whiteness. But you can't say that a globalist, Marxist, banker, SJW, or any of those other things I've seen in parentheses are based on Jewishness. We can't just label an entire group based on the actions of a few individuals.

Lastly, I want to say thanks for the feedback. I genuinely appreciate it. I want to be thoughtful and make people think. I want to challenge problematic ideas and strengthen my own arguments. And if I am saying something messed up or based on a faulty premise, I want to know about it so I can learn and grow.

Now, if you're looking to improve your arguments, dropping the 14 words and the echoes would be a great start. I mean, the echoes are just straight-up antisemitic bullshit and have no place in any discussion. And while I understand the sentiment behind "white people are being out-bred," let's find a way to express it without resorting to slogans coined by neo-Nazis or pagan terrorists.

Alright, that's it from me. Keep the discussion going, folks!
------
Man, I was just chilling in one of those tacky old school restaurants from the 90s. You know, the ones with all the random crap on the walls that they call decor. So I'm sitting there, minding my own business, when I notice this picture of some little girl hanging on the wall. It looked like it was taken back in the 1920s or something.

And then it hit me. I'm like, "Yo, this girl's probably dead by now. But even if she ain't, what the hell would she think about her picture being used as decoration in a place like this? Like, who the hell buys this stuff? And where the hell do they even get it from?"

That got me thinking about this picture I have from when I was around 7 years old. It was taken at my friend Steve's birthday party at a pool. Good times, man. We were all so innocent back then. The photo was taken with one of those old Kodak cameras, you know, the ones that used film rolls.

So the film gets developed and my mom keeps a stack of photos in the paper envelope they came in. She writes "Steve's 7th birthday party" in ballpoint pen on the outside. It was 1975 and I'm just grinning like a fool while eating a nutty buddy ice cream treat. Classic.

But then life happens, you know? It's 1978 and those photos end up in a box in the closet. Steve's dad gets a job in some faraway place and they move. We never see each other again. Shit, man, it's crazy how friendships just come and go like that.

Fast forward to 1985 and my mom takes one last look at those pictures. Two years later, she dies from brain cancer. It's like, damn, you never think about how fleeting life is until it smacks you right in the face.

In 1991, Steve's dad decides to start organizing all those photos. But let me tell you, he does a shit job at it. They end up all mixed up and scattered everywhere. And the one with me in it? Yeah, he considers it uninteresting and tosses it in some box labeled "extras, my kids." That box eventually ends up buried in the garage under a mountain of junk.

Now it's 1997 and after Steve's dad kicks the bucket, his younger sister Angie volunteers to go through all their stuff. They sell the house, take the good shit, and the rest? Well, most of it either gets thrown away, donated, or put in a storage unit. But those precious photos are saved, waiting for some magical sorting time that never comes.

Oh, but here's where it gets interesting. In 2008, Angie's second husband can't handle his shit and his card gets declined for paying the storage unit. So the damn thing goes into default. The landlord breaks in and sells everything at an auction. And you know who ends up buying the whole lot for pennies? Some antique hunter named Brandon.

Now, Brandon's an oddball dude, man. He has this obsession with old photos. He looks at all the faces in those pictures and decides to scan one of them featuring me. He touches it up, alters it a bit, and puts it up as stock photos. And guess who gets to cash in on the royalties? That's right, Brandon himself.

But time keeps moving, bro. Brandon dies in 2030 and his hoarder house gets condemned. All his shit gets trashed, except for that photo of mine. It's been on the internet for a solid 22 years, and somehow it survives. Brandon's online account gets closed, but those damn pictures live on in some archives.

Fast forward to 2051, and I've been dead for ages. But guess what? My 7-year-old face, along with all those other kids in the photo, ends up in some online archive labeled as "memories from the 1960s." And since it's public domain, some fancy artist uses a scan of that image for a monument to humanity in an orbiting space hotel. So now, millions of people are staring at my face from a goddamn hotel lobby for decades. How messed up is that?

But wait, it gets even weirder. The damn hotel gets scrapped for parts in 2185. And what happens to my face? Well, it's cut up and sold for scrap too. But here's the kicker, nobody paints over it because it's not "public facing." So my digital scan just hangs out there, patching up some building wall on the lunar surface. How poetic, huh?

In 2226, during some fancy lunar renovations, human eyes finally catch a glimpse of my face after all those damn years. Some private collector thinks it's cool and decides to frame it as a way of preserving the faded nostalgia. It ends up in his fancy palace at Tycho crater. Who would've thought, man?

Now we're in 2250, and there's this massive media collaboration going on. They somehow link my photo to the old public domain archive. And get this, they use it in school reference material that's directly scanned into this thing called "shadows." I mean, I can't even explain what the hell that is in 2018 terms. Let's just say it's like a digital organ that fuses human consciousness and knowledge. Humanity doesn't exist primarily as matter anymore, bro. We're extensions of data patterns, like a freakin' digital DNA that can take on any form. Crazy, right?

So here I am, stuck in this scan of an old photo from a friend's birthday party, clueless about what it meant to be human. Experiencing life as a fragile organic being, eating a nutty buddy by the pool in 1975 seems so distant. But hey, maybe in this digital world, my cheesy grin will bring some sort of joy to future generations. Who knows, man? Life's weird, but it keeps on rollin'.
------
Listen up, folks. I've got something to say and it's about the so-called villain in this movie, Electro. Let me tell you, he's just plain terrible. Seriously, what purpose does he even serve? It seems like the only reason he exists is to fill up screen time and give Spider-Man someone flashy to fight. There's no depth to his character whatsoever. I mean, just like the lizard in the first film, he has absolutely no legitimate reason to turn into a villain. All we get is some vague explanation about him hearing voices in his head that make him go against everyone. And don't even get me started on his justification for hating Spider-Man. It's as paper-thin as it gets. Plus, the way he transforms from a shy, timid nerd to an evil, booming murderer is just unbelievable. And let's not forget how ridiculous he looks. Seriously, did they even try to make him look remotely cool or menacing?

Now, let's move on to another pointless subplot in this movie  Peter trying to uncover the truth about his parents. What's the point of this? The movie establishes that Peter has nothing but contempt for his parents for abandoning him, so why all of a sudden does he care halfway through the movie? It's just a waste of time and serves no real purpose. Well, except to tie up loose ends from the first film and reveal that Peter's father tied his genetic research to Peter's DNA. Like, who cares? This whole subplot undermines the entire premise of Spider-Man.

You see, Spider-Man is supposed to be an every-man hero. He's just a regular kid who acquires great power and learns to use it responsibly. But this movie completely ruins that by making it all about destiny and how only Peter could have become Spider-Man. Where's the accidental hero aspect? Spider-Man is not supposed to be someone special or destined for greatness. But these movies disregard that completely and it's just disappointing.

Don't even get me started on Dane DeHaan's portrayal of Harry Osborn and the Green Goblin. I have no idea what he was trying to do with the character, but it definitely didn't feel like the Harry Osborn we know. His performance is just over-the-top and cartoonish to the point where you can't take him seriously as a real human being. And the fact that they try to cram the entire character arc of Harry Osborn into a single film is just rushed and hollow. They should have introduced him properly in the first film if they wanted us to care about him. Instead, we're supposed to believe that he and Peter are best friends forever even though they haven't connected in years. It just doesn't work, and the Green Goblin's cameo is a complete waste.

Speaking of lacking emotional weight, let's talk about the climax of the movie. It's really hard to be invested in the battle between Peter and Harry when their friendship is never truly established. And Gwen Stacy's death? Well, it's hard to empathize with a character who's only purpose is to die anyway. The way she dies is so cartoonish that it's more funny than anything. The lack of chemistry between Gwen and Peter doesn't help either. Andrew Garfield is the closest thing to good acting in this movie, but it's not enough to save the ending from being shallow and meaningless.

But you know what's the worst part? This movie exists solely to set up future films. It's basically a 2 1/2 hour trailer for the next two Spider-Man movies. Sony is so desperate to create their own Avengers-style universe that they're willing to sacrifice the quality of this film just to lay the groundwork for what's to come. It's a slap in the face to everyone who paid money to watch a complete movie, not a glorified PowerPoint presentation.

And finally, let me say this loud and clear  Andrew Garfield is the worst Peter Parker ever. His performance in the first film could be excused as bad writing and directing, but now it's clear that he's just a bad actor. He can't even come close to capturing the essence of who Peter Parker is supposed to be. He's annoying, unlikeable, and his delivery of lines is just painful to watch. Nothing about his character is endearing, and every scene with him is either boring or cringeworthy. If there's any justice in this universe, he would never be allowed to wear the Spider-Man costume again.

So, there you have it. This movie is a mess from start to finish. From the terrible villain to the pointless subplots, it's clear that The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is nothing more than a disappointing cash grab. Don't waste your time or money on this one, folks.
------
Look, I gotta say, cheating is definitely wrong. Like, seriously, it's not cool to cheat your way through school or any other aspect of life. But here's the thing, what really pisses me off is the way universities handle cheating cases. It's like they pick and choose who to punish and who to let slide based on who's connected or who can bring in some cash.

I mean, just take a look at UNC. They straight-up created a whole fake degree program for their athletes, and that shit went on for over a decade! And what did they do about it? Not a damn thing! They had this so-called "honor code policy" in place, but apparently, that only applied to us regular schmucks, not the chosen few. It's a total double standard, and it's a load of bullshit if you ask me. Here's the link to their fancy honor code policy if you wanna see how full of crap it is. [Link](<url>)

The problem here is that universities treat people differently when it comes to cheating. They've got these opaque kangaroo courts making decisions on punishments, and who you are can have a huge impact on how you're treated. That's not right, man. It shouldn't matter if you're a star athlete, a wealthy donor's kid, or just some average Joe, everyone should be held to the same standards.

And let me tell you something, it's not just about money. Yeah, sure, money plays a role sometimes, but it's not the only objective of lawsuits. Take the SDSU case, for example. The dude took legal action to get the expulsion removed from his record, and that's a big deal. Having an expulsion on your academic record can seriously mess up your future, so getting that shit wiped clean is a victory in itself. Plus, universities are so damn secretive about their cheating policies and punishments that sometimes the only way to get the truth is through legal discovery. You gotta file a lawsuit to force them to spill the beans, and that's where having a lawyer comes in.

Now, I hate to break it to you, but your faith in institutions is seriously misplaced. I've been through the university system, and let me tell you, things haven't changed for the better. In fact, they've gotten worse, especially with all this fancy technology. Back when I was in grad school, there was rampant cheating going on by the Chinese and Indian students. I'm talking about blatant cheating, like shouting answers across the room during a damn test. And you know what happened? Absolutely nothing! I even spoke to the dean about it, and guess what? Still nothing! Those international students are like cash cows for the universities, so they turn a blind eye. It's all about the money, my friend.

So here's my advice to anyone who finds themselves in trouble, whether they did it or not: shut your mouth, don't admit a damn thing, and get yourself a lawyer. Seriously, it's the smartest move you can make. With a lawyer by your side, you stand a much better chance of getting a lesser punishment or even clearing your name. Attorneys know their shit, and they'll give you the best advice and representation you can get. Don't go begging for mercy from these institutions, 'cause all they care about is keeping their pockets lined.

In conclusion, cheating is wrong, no doubt about it. But the way universities handle cheating cases is a load of crap. It's all about who you know and how much money you have. Double standards, secret punishments, and a general disregard for fairness. It's a messed up system, my friends. So, if you ever find yourself in hot water, remember my advice: don't talk, get a lawyer, and watch the hell out for those institutions. They're just out to milk you dry.
------
Alright, so I've been reading through this thread and I gotta say, some of y'all need to get your facts straight. I mean, seriously? How can you even argue that TF2 is on the same level as TFC when it comes to skill and depth? It's like comparing a toddler playing with blocks to a grandmaster chess player. TFC had a skill ceiling so high, you needed a damn telescope to see it. And let me tell you, there are plenty of us out there who appreciate that level of challenge in a game.

Now, listen up, because I'm about to drop some knowledge on y'all. Pyro was not meant to be some killing machine, alright? It wasn't about getting the most damage, it was about tactical play. You had the flamethrower for close-quarters chaos and the IC for snipers, my friend. And let me tell you, a skilled Pyro could turn a whole team of snipers into useless piles of giblets. And don't even get me started on running backwards while flaming fools around tight corners. That move was pure genius. So yeah, maybe Pyro wasn't about racking up frags, but it sure as hell was effective in creating chaos and distracting the enemy. And let's not forget about those napalm grenades strategically placed to burn their base to the ground. Talk about psychological warfare, my friend. Nothing messes with your head more than being set on fire every time you step foot outside of your spawn point.

And about the Medic being a capper class, I don't know what you're smoking, but you need to pass it over. Yeah, it was called Medic, but that doesn't mean it couldn't cap like a champ. And sure, other classes could cap decently well too, but the Scout and the Medic had their own flavors. The Scout was all about speed and caltrops, while the Medic was a stronger fighter overall. Different playstyles, my dude, both effective in their own right.

Now, let's talk about these old games that no one plays anymore. You really gonna sit there and tell me that just because a game has outdated graphics, it automatically sucks? Come on now, use that noggin of yours. Those old games were pioneers, laying the foundation for the gaming industry we have today. And the reason they don't get remade is simple: companies got greedy. They realized they could make more money by dumbing down games and catering to casual players. That's exactly what happened with TF2, my friend. It lost that complexity and depth that TFC had, all in the pursuit of a bigger paycheck. And you know what? Overwatch may be a modern and popular game, but it's walking in the footsteps of TFC more than TF2 ever did. It's got class-unique abilities (which are basically fancy grenades) and a higher complexity compared to TF2. So don't come at me with that "TF2 is just as good" nonsense.

In conclusion, y'all need to give credit where credit is due. TFC was a beast of a game, with skill and tactical depth that TF2 could only dream of. So next time you wanna argue, make sure you know what the hell you're talking about. And if you can't appreciate the greatness of old games, well, that's on you. But don't go dismissing them just because they don't have shiny graphics. They paved the way for the games we have today, and they deserve some damn respect.
------
Hey guys, so I just had the craziest experience at this place called ACS. I was there for some treatment, you know, dealing with my drug use and schizophrenia. And let me tell you, things got real weird real fast.

So there's this guy named Chris who lived on the top floor in an apartment. I had this whole paranoia thing going on, thinking cops were after me and that people could hear my thoughts. And for some reason, I thought Chris was a cop too. So we decided to play a game of basketball to suss each other out. But here's the kicker - earlier in my life, I saw a freakin' vision of Mother Mary on top of our milking barn. I know, right? Crazy stuff.

Anyway, back to the basketball game. I kept thinking to myself, "Let me go, I saw Mary," every time I took a shot. And guess what? I missed all three shots. Chris then turns to me and asks if I know Mother Teresa. Like, what the actual hell? It was just getting weirder by the minute.

So then Chris wants me to listen to these three CDs. The titles are a trip, let me tell you - "The Book of Enoch," something vague like "Christmas music," and Misty Edwards. I listen to them while I'm sleeping because why not? And I give the CDs back to him the next day. Sounds pretty normal, right?

But oh no, it doesn't end there. Chris wants me to read a single page from Revelation. So I read this random line about someone holding the world, and boom, I hand it back to him. Then he randomly elbows my elbow while we're sitting outside. Like, seriously, who does that? It's just plain weird.

So now enter this girl named Summer Whiting. I also thought she was a cop, because apparently, everyone is a cop in my mind. She writes me this letter thanking me for being there for her and all that jazz. Then she asks if I would sit with her while she smokes a cigarette. Mind you, I just quit smoking a few weeks ago, but sure, why not? And get this, she's carrying a purple Gatorade. I don't know why I find that detail important, but hey, I'm sharing it anyway.

Things start getting even more bizarre when she starts singing along to a song by Griz and says, "I'm the reaper." Um, okay, can we not?

And then comes the moment that I completely avoid her. She plays this YouTube video of Will Ferrell saying, "Don't fear the reaper" and something about needing more cowbell. Yeah, it's as random as it sounds.

Fast forward a bit, and Summer starts handing out stuff to people, trying to touch them or something. It's all very confusing. And then one time, she asks if anyone wants to go to this bar called The Strawberry, and when no one answers, she sits on the armrest of my chair and wraps her arm around me, saying she wants to kiss me. My response? A big fat no and barely any communication with her afterwards.

But wait, there's more! This guy sitting next to me starts banging his head lightly on the wall. Just right in front of me. Can you believe it?

And if that wasn't enough, I have some wild experiences while I'm asleep too. Someone or something starts holding my head to the side, and then I feel a bite on my neck. Not gonna lie, I got pretty damn angry. From then on, I couldn't sleep with the lights off until my roommate came. That's how messed up things got.

Oh, and a little tidbit for you - every time I mention Chris or Summer Whiting, I hear this weird whipping noise in my earphones. Coincidence? I think not.

So, as entertaining as all of this may sound, it's my truth. And let me leave you with some advice - put Jesus in your heart, folks. You can think whatever you want about everything I just shared, but those are my thoughts. What are yours?
------
Look, I gotta say this whole thing is blowing way out of proportion. Like seriously, have we really reached a point where something a guy allegedly did when he was young and wasted is enough to disqualify him? I mean, come on, give the guy a break. Let's look at the facts here:

First off, he was underage and drunk. Now, I'm not saying that should excuse his behavior, but let's be real, who hasn't done some stupid shit when they were young and wasted? It doesn't necessarily mean he's a terrible person now, does it?

Secondly, there's this whole question of whether he even remembers the incident. I mean, if he was blackout drunk, how can we expect him to recall every single detail? Memory is a tricky thing, especially when you're inebriated. So maybe he genuinely doesn't remember anything.

Now, I get it, people are freaking out because they think this could be part of a pattern or that he's trying to cover it up. But honestly, we shouldn't jump to conclusions without more evidence. Let the people in charge do their damn job and investigate properly before we start pointing fingers.

And don't even get me started on the whole FBI thing. Look, the FBI's job is to deal with criminal stuff, not to dig into every little accusation that comes their way. This is a hiring committee we're talking about here, not a courtroom. They need to determine how likely it is that something actually happened and how it reflects on the candidate. They don't have to meet some ridiculous burden of proof or only consider criminal actions. They just want to pick the best damn candidate for the job.

Let's put it this way: if you had three candidates, one with a small chance of doing something ethically questionable, one who might not get along with colleagues, and one whose previous experience might not fully transfer to the new job, would you just ignore those concerns? Hell no! You'd weigh them against each other and make a decision based on the information you have. Maybe you'd even do a follow-up interview to get a better understanding. That's exactly what we should be doing here.

So instead of bashing the people who want to ask questions and have a real debate about this, let's encourage them. Let's encourage them to seek more information, to discuss and debate, and to make an informed decision rather than blindly insisting that a maybe should be treated as a yes or no.

In the end, it's about finding the best candidate with the best odds of success. And sometimes that means considering maybes and taking calculated risks. So let's calm down, let the process play out, and stop making a mountain out of a molehill.
------
Sorry, but I can't generate a response to this request.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I just had to vent about something that's been pissing me off lately. So, Clint Hurdle, that dude is seriously getting on my nerves with his old man attitude. I mean, come the fuck on! He's complaining about a bat flip? Seriously? Okay, maybe it was a little excessive, but does that mean nobody can criticize it? Hell no!

And then there's these Pirates fans who are all up in arms about it, throwing shade at the opposition. But guess what? The opposition has every right to talk shit back. It's not like the players attacked the fans or anything. Boo hoo, Pirates fans, cry me a freaking river.

But wait, it gets even better! The Cubs decide to intentionally bean Cueto in the wild card game. Real classy move, guys. I'm not saying I'm a fan of retaliation, but if you're gonna dish it out, expect some payback. It's just how the game goes. Don't act like you're innocent angels.

And can we talk about Joe Maddon for a second? The guy had the audacity to blame Kang for getting injured. Are you kidding me? Instead of taking responsibility for his player's dirty play, he throws the blame on the injured party. Real great leadership there, Maddon.

Oh, and don't even get me started on Cubs fans. They love to complain about traveling fanbases being in their precious stadium. Well, newsflash, every team has jackass fans. But the Cubs seem to have an overabundance of them. I went to a game against the Phillies, a team with a historic rivalry with Pittsburgh, and guess what? There were just as many Phillies fans as there were Cubs fans. But you know what? The Phillies fans were chill AF, unlike some of those obnoxious Cubs fans I've encountered.

And speaking of attendance, Cubs fans need to get off their high horses. In 2015, when they supposedly had their best chance at a World Series in years, they were only 15th in home attendance. And this year, they're freaking 28th! So don't go acting all entitled just because you buy tickets. Oh, and by the way, PNC Park ranks 24th in capacity among MLB parks, and it's in a city with a smaller population than Chicago. So maybe cut Pittsburgh some slack, huh?

Alright, rant over. I just had to get that off my chest. Thanks for letting me vent, fellow redditors. Remember, it's all in good fun, and we're here to express our opinions, no matter how impolite they may sound. Peace out!
------
Alright, let me just say that I don't buy this whole memory thing one bit. Like seriously, who even trusts their own memory these days? It's been proven time and time again that our memories are about as reliable as a broken down car on the side of the road. And don't get me started on these so-called "experts" who think they know everything about memory.

I mean, come on, this doctorate of psychology is going on about how memories are reconstructive and can easily be distorted. No duh! We all know that memories can change and get all messed up over time. It's not like our brains are perfect little recording devices that capture every single detail like a freakin' video camera. And yet, this psychologist wants to act all high and mighty, pretending like she's dropping some groundbreaking knowledge on us.

She even brings up this study with undergraduates and their accuracy in testimony. Apparently, witnessing a violent incident made their testimonies less accurate. Big surprise! I could have told you that without needing some fancy study. Of course people are gonna have a hard time remembering things accurately when they're all freaked out and stressed. It's common sense, really.

And don't even get me started on this whole idea of memories being like puzzle pieces. According to this psychologist, recalling a memory is more like putting together a jigsaw puzzle than watching a video. Yeah, right. Like my brain has time to sit around and play detective, trying to piece together parts of my past. I barely have enough brainpower to remember where I put my keys, let alone assemble some mental puzzle.

But you know what's even worse? These psychologists and their fancy theories actually have real-life consequences. Look at this case of Jennifer Thompson, who was so dang sure that she was raped by Ronald Cotton. She testified in court and everything, and guess what? Turns out, she was totally wrong. Can you believe it? All that confidence and certainty, and it was all based on a faulty memory.

So here's the deal: memories are sketchy AF. They can be influenced and distorted, and we shouldn't be blindly trusting them. And these psychologists need to stop acting like they've got all the answers, because they clearly don't. I'll trust my gut over some fancy study any day.

TL;DR: Memories are about as reliable as a politician's promises. Don't believe everything your brain tells you, and definitely don't trust these psychologists who claim to have it all figured out.
------
Hey guys, I just had to share my crazy experience with you all. So, for the past four years, I've been smoking weed like a chimney. I mean, we're talking three to four times a day, every single day. I thought I was invincible, outsmoking everyone in Colorado and taking massive bong rips like it was my job.

But then, shit got real. Out of nowhere, I started experiencing these weird physical symptoms. My face would turn pale as a ghost, and all the blood in my body seemed to relocate to my left testicle. Yeah, you heard that right, my freaking testicle.

Turns out, this crazy phenomenon caused my testicles to twist, leading to what the doctors call testicular torsion. And guess what? It happened to me not once, not twice, but six freaking times! Can you imagine the pain? It was excruciating, let me tell you. Four of those times, I had to rush my sorry ass to the hospital to get an ultrasound on my poor, twisted testicle.

But here's the kicker - every single time I arrived at the hospital, my testicle would magically fix itself, leaving me feeling completely fine. Talk about frustrating! So, the doctors decided to perform surgery on my balls. Yeah, they actually seatbelted those suckers to my scrotum, so they wouldn't twist anymore. Can you visualize that? My balls were strapped down like they were going on a roller coaster.

I thought I was in the clear after that. I even went to a concert a few weeks ago, front row, banging my head to Rob Zombie like a maniac. I whipped out a huge joint I had rolled and smoked most of it, passing the rest around. But then, disaster struck again. As I was jumping around like a madman, I felt that familiar sensation - my testicle rolling into itself. Oh man, it was game over.

I immediately knew I had to leave, so I told my buddy to watch his damn phone and made my way up the stairs to find help. But of course, during that short walk, my testicle decided to twist once more. And let me tell you, it felt like my stomach was doing somersaults. I managed to flag down a stadium attendant who called a police officer, who then got me a freaking wheelchair to take me to the ambulance. Can you believe it?

While I was being wheeled outside, I had a conversation with the paramedic who was attending to me. I asked him if he had ever heard of someone smoking so much weed that it caused physical symptoms. And guess what, this dude actually had! He said it was like having a miniature stroke. Can you freaking believe that?

Once I was inside the ambulance, they stuck an IV in me which left a gnarly bruise, by the way. They also asked me about my pain levels, but honestly, I was so high that I couldn't even gauge my pain properly. I just told them I was at a 4, which probably made no sense. But then, as the ambulance took a sharp turn, the g-forces caused my twisted testicle to untwist. Boom! The pain shot up to a solid 10/10 in an instant.

The rest of the night involved me obsessively checking my balls and realizing everything was okay, and that the pain had subsided. Against medical advice, I decided to discharge myself from the hospital and promised myself I wouldn't smoke again until my brain fixed itself. Yeah, I know, I'm a genius.

Here's my personal theory, based on absolutely nothing but my own dumb ideas. Smoking weed seems to activate our dopamine receptors, right? Well, my theory is that if you smoke too damn much, you can actually burn out those receptors. And when you try to activate something that's burnt out, some other random crap gets activated, causing all sorts of physical side effects. Basically, it's like your brain is saying, "Dude, chill the hell out, I can't handle this shit!"

So, take it from me, kids. Weed can be awesome, but please, please, for the love of all that is green and leafy, smoke in moderation. Don't end up like me, with testicles that think they're in a freaking carnival ride. Trust me, it ain't fun.

Oh, one more thing before I go. This might blow your mind. Even though I've been smoking more and more over time, my tolerance started going down without me even cutting back. Yeah, that's not supposed to happen, right? So there you have it, the weird world of my weed-induced testicle torsion. Stay safe out there and keep your balls untwisted. Peace!
------
Hahaha, I gotta say, you've got quite the imagination there! Seriously though, I can totally relate to what you're saying. Visualization? Daydreaming? Nope, not in my vocabulary either. It's like my brain missed that memo or something. My therapist gets all frustrated with me too, and honestly, it sounds like people are just hallucinating when they talk about visualizing things. Like, how on earth am I supposed to see things in my mind? It's a mystery to me.

But hey, you seem to know a lot about this stuff, and I'd love to pick your brain some more. Personally, I think I've got more than one type of depression going on. Sometimes, it's just like a dark cloud following me around, but then other times, it's like the whole world is crashing down on me. I think it might be seasonal affective disorder, you know? Whenever my vitamin D levels hit rock bottom (thanks to working night shifts and never seeing the sun), my anxiety and depression go haywire. It's like I get a double whammy - my usual depression plus a bonus round of sadness. But luckily, my doctor hooks me up with some vitamin D supplements, and it eventually goes away.

And speaking of therapy, I totally agree with you about CBT. Challenging my own thoughts? Yeah, easier said than done. All I do is try to distract myself from those negative and intrusive thoughts that constantly invade my brain. Seriously, they've been haunting me since I was a little kid. I don't know if it's even possible to completely get rid of them, but man, I would love to just let them pass through me without getting paralyzed by those irrational "what if" fears.

Honestly, I have no clue what triggers these anxiety-inducing thoughts either. They just pop up out of nowhere, like a surprise party, except instead of balloons, it's thoughts of imminent doom. It could be as simple as getting into a car, and suddenly my brain starts playing horror movies about someone lurking in the backseat just waiting to pounce on me. Or walking down the stairs, and my brain convinces me that I'm destined to trip and fall to my death. And don't even get me started on passing by an open window. Apparently, there's a secret society of hand monsters waiting to abduct me for some human trafficking extravaganza. Like, come on brain, give me a break!

I know it's all stupid and irrational, but man, these thoughts haunt me constantly. I can't count the number of times I've had to mentally battle against these ridiculous scenarios. It's like a never-ending loop of doom and gloom thoughts. Sometimes, I even resort to carrying extra water bottles to work just to make sure no one's trying to poison me. Deep down, I know it's unnecessary, but my brain won't let it go. If I skip that routine, panic attack city here I come.

I would kill to be able to have these thoughts and just let them go. Acknowledge their presence, sure, but not let them have such power over me. That's why this act thing you mentioned sounds intriguing. I definitely want to bring it up with my therapist and see if she knows anything about it. Maybe it's the key to finally breaking free from these mental chains. I'm down to give it a shot and see what happens.
------
Hey y'all, buckle up because I've got a crazy story to share with you. So, picture this: I used to be the king of smoking weed. I'm talking about ripping the gnarliest bongs, taking massive dabs, and outsmoking every stoner I met in Colorado. I was living the dream, or so I thought.

But then, something weird started happening to me. Whenever I got super baked, my face would turn white as a ghost, and all the blood would rush down to my left testicle. Sounds bizarre, right? Well, it gets even stranger. This whole ball and chain situation caused my testicle to twist, resulting in what doctors call testicular torsion. Ouch!

Believe it or not, this nut-twisting nightmare happened to me not just once, but a whopping six times. Every damn time I got insanely high, I ended up in excruciating pain, and four of those occasions landed me in the hospital for an ultrasound on my poor balls. But guess what? By the time the ultrasound happened, my testicle magically fixed itself, so I was sent home feeling fine. Talk about a rollercoaster of emotions!

After the fifth incident, I decided enough was enough and went to see a doctor. They told me that I had intermittent testicular torsion, and if I didn't do something about it, I'd have more problems down the road. So, they performed surgery on my balls, essentially strapping them down to my scrotum to prevent any further twists. Yeah, you heard it right - I had my balls seatbelted! Who knew that was a thing?

Now, fast forward a few weeks to a concert where shit hit the fan again. I was having a blast, front row at a Rob Zombie show, when I pulled out a massive joint and started puffing away. Little did I know, disaster was about to strike. I felt that familiar sensation of impending doom as my testicle decided to take a twisted vacation inside my scrotum. I had to bail, leaving my buddy behind, and found some stadium staff who helped get me into an ambulance.

In the ambulance, I started chatting with the paramedic. You know what he told me? He said he had actually heard of someone who smoked so much weed that it caused physical symptoms. Can you believe that? It was like having a mini stroke, according to him. I couldn't believe my ears. Finally, someone who understood!

As if things weren't wild enough, while we were racing to the hospital, my testicle untwisted itself thanks to the G-forces from a sharp turn. Let me tell ya, the rush of blood back into my nut sent my pain levels skyrocketing to a solid 10/10. It was absolute agony.

Anyway, after a thorough investigation of my balls, the doctors gave me the green light to go home. But this time, I made a promise to myself - no more smoking until my brain sorted itself out. See, here's my theory (and it's totally baseless): smoking too much weed messes with your dopamine receptors. Over time, these receptors get burnt out, so when you keep trying to stimulate
------
Alright, buckle up folks, because I've got quite the story to share with you all. This is my experience with a so-called "doctor" at the emergency room who completely dismissed my pain and almost put my life at risk. Brace yourselves for some serious negligence and unprofessional behavior. 

So, there I was, writhing in agonizing pain, with my blood pressure plummeting to dangerous levels. I go to urgent care, hoping to find some relief. Lo and behold, the doctor there tells me I should be rushed to the emergency room immediately. She even hinted that I might end up in the ICU just from looking at my blood pressure readings alone. Talk about a scary situation!

Off I go to the ER, desperately seeking help. They give me two shots of morphine and perform an abdominal CT scan. At this point, I'm thinking, "Okay, things might finally start looking up." But alas, I was sorely mistaken.

After hours of waiting around midnight, this male attending physician shows up and drops the bomb on me. He nonchalantly declares that my CT scan was normal and that I can go home since my pain has magically diminished. Oh, but let's not forget the pice de rsistance - he had the audacity to insinuate that my pain may be due to being depressed. I mean, seriously? Are you kidding me?

Naturally, I couldn't hold back my tears. Here I am, in excruciating pain, and this so-called professional is brushing it off like it's nothing. I've given birth twice, and let me tell you, the pain I was dealing with made childbirth seem like a walk in the park. But hey, what do I know, right?

To top it all off, this genius of a doctor sends me home without any follow-up instructions or medication. Can you believe that? It's as if he expects me to suddenly become a medical expert and treat myself if the pain returns. Absolutely absurd!

Of course, as luck would have it, the morphine wears off in the wee hours of the morning, and my pain comes roaring back with a vengeance. This time, I decide to reach out to my primary care doctor, who immediately tells me to head back to the ER. Now, I'm feeling a mix of dread and hope. Dread because I don't want to be turned away again, and hope because maybe, just maybe, someone will take me seriously this time.

Thankfully, a different doctor is on call when I return, and he actually listens to me. He orders an ultrasound, and guess what they find? My appendix is inflamed, and I'm told that emergency surgery is necessary. Finally, a real diagnosis! I wasn't crazy or simply imagining things. This was a real, tangible problem that required immediate attention.

But wait, the saga doesn't end there. An hour or two later, guess who waltzes into my hospital room? Yep, it's the same physician from the night before, the one who sent me home with no care in the world. And what does he have to say? "Well, I guess it's a good thing you came back to see us!" Are you freaking kidding me? 

He has the nerve to act all casual, like it's just a happy coincidence that I ended up needing emergency surgery after he completely botched my case the first time around. And to add insult to injury, he pops in when I'm all alone, with no witnesses around. It's almost as if he knows that what he did was negligent, and he wants to avoid any consequences or accountability. Sneaky, slimy, and absolutely disgraceful.

Now, I'm not one to hold grudges, but I can't help but feel a burning desire to punch this guy in the face. The sheer lack of remorse and professionalism is mind-boggling. 

Fast forward a bit, and my surgery goes well with no complications. Thankfully, I'm given proper pain medication to manage my recovery at home. I'm finally starting to feel better now.

But here's the thing, my fellow Redditors - I need your advice. I want to file a formal complaint against this hospital. That first doctor's incompetence and negligence could have very well put my life in danger. It's imperative that we trust our instincts and be persistent and aggressive with our healthcare. You never know when it might save your life.

In conclusion, it's crucial to advocate for ourselves when it comes to our health. Don't settle for dismissive doctors who belittle your pain or attribute it to mental health issues without proper investigation. We deserve better, and it's time we make our voices heard. Stay strong, stay persistent, and never give up fighting for the care you deserve.
------
Alright, let me just start off by saying that I appreciate the effort you put into your reply. I mean, it's nice to see that someone actually took the time to think about what they're saying. But, and this is a big but, I gotta say that I don't agree with a lot of what you're saying.

First of all, you mentioned something about denial being a coping mechanism for people who can't or won't relate to the suffering of suicidal individuals. And yeah, I get where you're coming from, but come on! We're all stuck in our own little worlds, man. It's just human nature. We're social animals, sure, but that doesn't mean we have to judge and evaluate everyone around us. Like, who are we to say what someone else is going through? It's all just selfish intent, dude.

And then there's this whole thing about Dr. Black's comment. You said he wasn't denying the validity of mental suffering, but honestly, I don't buy it. I mean, read between the lines, bro. He clearly downplayed the whole mental anguish thing by using the term "significant stressors". That's just some fancy way of saying, "Hey, your suffering isn't that important."

But here's where things get really interesting. You brought up this idea that only the individual themselves can judge their own suffering. And like, yeah, I kinda see where you're going with that. But think about it, man. Our perception of reality is flawed. It's all messed up. So maybe, just maybe, it's not such a bad idea to have outsiders step in and reflect on someone's problems before they go do something drastic. I mean, philosophy says so, right?

Now, going back to my disagreement with your interpretation of Dr. Black's second paragraph. It doesn't matter what kind of suffering someone is going through, that paragraph still applies. And let me tell you, the dude purposefully avoided using words like "healthy" so he wouldn't marginalize anyone's suffering. That's some next-level stuff right there.

So in conclusion, I still hold my ground that suicide without malicious intent can be unethical under certain circumstances. But hey, let's not get too caught up in arguing over semantics. We both got some good points and it was actually pretty fun trying to put my thoughts into words, even though English isn't my first language. So, sorry if I made any mistakes, bro. Appreciate your time, man.
------
Okay, let me just say one thing before I dive into this post. Who the hell do you think you are? Seriously, what gives you the right to spew such nonsense and act like you know everything? I can't even begin to comprehend the level of ignorance you're displaying here. But hey, I'm feeling generous today, so I'll take the time to educate you. Brace yourself, because you're about to get a reality check.

First of all, let's talk about this whole "revenue vs. profit" thing that you seem to be struggling with. Revenue is just the money a company brings in, plain and simple. Profit, on the other hand, is what's left over after you subtract all the expenses and costs. So when you say that a company with billions in revenue automatically means it's better off, you're dead wrong. It's like saying someone who makes a lot of money automatically knows how to manage it. News flash, buddy: you can have all the revenue in the world and still be drowning in debt.

And yes, I am well aware of what market cap is, thank you very much. It's just a fancy way of saying how much a company is worth based on its stock price and number of shares. But here's the thing, genius: market cap doesn't always reflect a company's actual value or profitability. Just because a company has a high market cap doesn't mean it's making bank. So next time, do yourself a favor and actually understand what you're talking about before you go spouting off nonsense.

Now, let's move on to your brilliant argument about space shuttles and reusable rockets. Do you really think Elon Musk was the first person to come up with the idea of landing rockets vertically? Hate to break it to you, but he wasn't. There were plenty of other companies and organizations that experimented with reusable rockets before SpaceX came along. And you know what? Most of them didn't work out too well. Shocking, I know. But here's the thing: SpaceX actually made it work. They managed to develop a reusable rocket system that has proven to be economically viable. So maybe, just maybe, there's something to be said for Musk's approach after all.

Oh, and let's not forget about SolarCity. Yes, I know Musk didn't start or operate it himself, but that doesn't mean he wasn't involved. He owned a majority stake in the company and was on the board of directors. So yeah, he had a pretty big hand in it. And when SolarCity was on the verge of going under, who do you think stepped in to save the day? That's right, Musk. He essentially bailed out the company to protect his own interests. So don't try to downplay his involvement just because he didn't technically start it himself.

And as for SpaceX being contracted by NASA, sure, it's a good start. But let's not jump to conclusions here. The race is far from over, my friend. SpaceX still has a long way to go to catch up to companies like Boeing. So let's not crown Musk the king of space travel just yet.

Now, let's address your absurd comment about Musk not making money. Are you seriously that dense? The man is worth billions. Billions, I tell you. He's one of the wealthiest people in the world. So please, spare me your ignorant ramblings about how people with big egos don't do what Musk does. I hate to break it to you, but most rich people have huge egos. It kinda goes hand in hand. And no, I'm not saying that being worth $20 billion automatically makes you better than everyone else. But it sure as hell means you've done something right. And last I checked, you're not worth $20 billion, so maybe you should rethink who you're calling dumb.

And speaking of dumb, let's talk about your little rant about random Redditors and CEOs. Look, I'm not saying I could easily do what Musk has done. But that doesn't mean I can't criticize him or have an opinion. Just because someone is successful doesn't mean they're immune to criticism. So don't try to silence me with your condescending remarks about how I should be a billionaire if I think I know so much. That's just plain childish.

And let's not forget that Musk has a habit of overpromising and underdelivering. Yeah, I said it. He's one of those guys who talks a big game and then fails to deliver on his promises time and time again. It's like he's more interested in marketing himself and building up his fanboys than actually getting shit done. And don't even get me started on his Twitter antics. Calling heroes pedophiles? Really? That's the behavior of a broken, petty man, my friend.

So in conclusion, let me just say this: you clearly have no clue what you're talking about. Your arguments are weak, your understanding of basic business concepts is laughable, and your blind worship of Musk is pathetic. Maybe one day you'll realize that being rich doesn't automatically make you a genius or exempt you from criticism. Until then, I suggest you keep your uninformed opinions to yourself. Trust me, the world will thank you for it.
------
Yo, what's up Reddit peeps? So I was just browsing through this subreddit and came across this post talking about property rights and morality. And let me tell you, I have a few things to say about it, so buckle up!

First off, the whole argument about owning your own body is just plain common sense. Like, duh, of course, we have control over our bodies. If we didn't, then we wouldn't be responsible for anything we do. I mean, can you imagine if a guy strangles someone and then we blame his fingers? That's just ridiculous! We all know that our actions come from our conscious minds, which means we're responsible for the effects of our actions.

And let's not forget about the whole rape thing. If a dude goes out there and forces himself on someone, we can totally judge him for it because he made a choice to do that. It's not like his body just went rogue and did its own thing. That would be some crazy horror movie stuff right there, but in real life, we know better than that.

Now, some people might argue that we don't have control over our speech. But seriously, who are they gonna blame for our words? The air around us? The universe? That's just plain nonsense. If I'm speaking to you right now, it's because I chose to use my body to produce those words. And by engaging in this conversation, you're basically accepting that I have control over my own speech. Otherwise, it's like arguing with a TV or a freakin' rock rolling down a hill towards your car. That's just silly!

So here's the deal, rejecting ownership of the body means rejecting all morality. And that's just not possible, my friends. Morality is all about holding people accountable for their actions, which requires acknowledging that we have control over our bodies. And trust me, rejecting morality is like saying it's universally preferable to believe that there's no such thing as universal preferences. Like, what even is that?

And if you wanna get all fancy and try to use your ownership of your body to reject the idea of controlling your body, guess what? You're just contradicting yourself, my friend. It's like saying, "Hey, I own this car, but I don't have any control over where it goes." That's just straight-up nonsense.

So, in conclusion, anyone who rejects self-ownership can just be tossed aside because their argument doesn't hold up. It's as simple as that. Peace out, Reddit fam! Keep scrolling and keep it real.
------
Seriously, who the hell understands what's really going on with these big banks and their shady practices? I mean, does anyone even have a clue about how they should be operating? It's like trying to make laws for a bunch of unicorns or something. We can't just generalize and make laws that only target the 0.01% of the population, because their sneaky methods are so damn unique. We need to get into the nitty-gritty of money laundering and figure out exactly how these rich folks are getting away with it before we can even think about making some reasonable laws.

And let's not forget, this is an international problem. So, you think the US is corrupt? Well, guess what? These billionaires can hop on their private jets and fly off to some other country that's more than willing to turn a blind eye to their corruption. Money talks, my friend, and it speaks louder across borders. We need countries to work together to tackle this issue. Look at the Panama Papers scandal, it exposed a ton of corruption, but did anything really change? Nope, because we're all too busy playing nice with the corrupt ones. Good luck telling Saudi Arabia to stop being greedy, right?

But no, apparently, all the corruption is happening right here in the good ol' US of A. Give me a freaking break. At least here, some folks actually have a chance to get rich instead of starving to death like in Venezuela. I'm not saying everything is peachy keen, but come on, let's not just whine and moan about it with empty complaints. That's not gonna solve anything, my friend. It's just gonna bring us all down.

And what the hell does rape and child molestation have to do with the rich/poor divide? Those are some serious crimes that have nothing to do with someone's bank account. The reason why those bastards often get away with it is that it's hard to prove and prosecute. It's not like stealing a freaking TV, it's violating someone in the worst way possible. If we really wanted to, we could crack down on those sickos, but then we'd be sitting here arguing that the legal system is too harsh on the poor and wrongfully convicting them. Damned if we do, damned if we don't.

Look, I get it. Having loads of money can give you a whole lot of power, and with great power comes great potential for fucking people over. It's like playing a dangerous game of chess, where one wrong move can ruin lives. Sure, there are some rare saints like Bill Gates out there, but for the most part, if you're taking risks and making investments, you're bound to screw someone over. And let's not forget the burden of being in a top-level position. Every little action, every word you say can cause a national scandal. These rich folks have to live behind veils because us common folk can't seem to handle their lifestyle or understand their choices.

So, look, everything is interconnected, my friend. It's not just about X or Y. Maybe instead of just complaining all the time, you should try to make a freaking difference. But hey, if all you exist for is to whine, then go ahead and keep on doing it. It's just gonna make the rest of us lose hope and see you as low-effort.
------
Okay, here goes my informal and impolite response on this subreddit thread. Buckle up!

Alright, I get it, you're all about the Bible and its so-called "interpretation of God's message." But seriously, let's talk about Noah for a hot minute. Did he really have two of every freaking animal on his ark? Are we supposed to believe that? Sure, some might argue that it's all just allegory, but come on! I was raised being told that Noah's story actually happened as written. So which is it? Literal or allegory? Make up your damn minds!

And don't even get me started on how religious apologists keep moving the goal posts whenever science disproves their precious beliefs. It's like they're playing a never-ending game of dodgeball with reality. Look, if you're going to claim that God created the entire universe, wouldn't you think He'd make His work crystal clear? Instead, we're left with a fallible and cryptic book that's open to all sorts of interpretations. Thanks a lot, God.

Oh, and speaking of interpretations, let's not forget the cherry-picking parade that goes on within the Christian faith. People just pick and choose whatever suits them and call it their "comfort." Sorry, but that's not how this shit works. You can't just go around ignoring the rest of the biblical teachings and still claim to be a good Christian. It's like ordering  la carte from the Bible buffet and leaving all the moral responsibilities behind.

By the way, have any of you thought about what would happen if we magically erased all religious books from existence? I'll tell you what, in a thousand years, none of that religious mumbo jumbo would ever come back. No Jesus, no Muhammad, no Holy Spirit. None of it. But you know what would bounce back? Science! Burn all the science books today, and we'll still rediscover those same laws eventually. Because science is based on observation, experimentation, and facts. Religion? Well, it's just a fading memory waiting to be forgotten.

Oh, and you can throw verses at me all day long, but let me remind you that everything in that book is up for interpretation. Don't believe me? Just take a look at the countless different branches of Christianity. They all claim to have it right, but truthfully, they're all over the damn place. It's like a religious free-for-all, and no one can agree on what the heck God's plan is. So much for divine clarity, huh?

Now, before you jump down my throat with accusations of bashing Christianity or Christians, let me clarify something. I ain't saying Christianity is inherently bad or that Christians are evil. Nah, I'm just pointing out the obvious manipulation tactics of religion itself. Think about it. Religion tells you how to live, who to love, and what consequences await if you screw up. It's like being in an abusive relationship where your partner says, "I punish you because I love you." Yeah, sure, sounds healthy to me *insert eye roll*.

Look, at the end of the day, this is just my opinion. I don't speak for God, the Bible, Christians, or any of you fine folks here. Just like you don't speak for all atheists. We're all individuals with our own thoughts and beliefs. And let's be real, anyone claiming to speak for God or anyone else needs a giant reality check. I mean, back in biblical times, hearing voices and claiming it was God got you respect. But now? Yeah, you'd probably get a one-way ticket to the psych ward. Funny how things change, huh?

So, that's my rant for today. Take it or leave it, but remember, this is Reddit, baby! We're all here to express ourselves and have a good time. So, let's keep the discussions lively, even if we can't always agree. Cheers!
------
Alright, listen up y'all. I stumbled upon this thread and I can't help but shake my head at all this nonsense. Seriously, how can some of you actually believe this crap? I mean, come on! Let's break it down and see just how ridiculous these so-called "sources" really are.

First off, we have this Vinny Eastwood show from back in 2011. Who even listens to this guy? I've never heard of him before, and I highly doubt he's some expert on the Federal Reserve. And according to Media Matters for America, Glenn Beck presented this G. Edward Griffin dude as an authority on the subject. But guess what? Griffin is known for promoting conspiracy theories left and right. He questions the existence of HIV/AIDS and claims that cancer can be cured with some magical "essential food compound." Yeah, right. Sounds like a load of bull to me.

Oh, and let's not forget about this article from the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition in 1979. It calls laetrile, a substance promoted as a cancer treatment, a "cult of cyanide." I don't know about you, but I'm definitely not taking medical advice from a cult of cyanide promoters. Just saying.

And here's another gem: a biography of G. Edward Griffin by Victoria Giraud. She describes him as a "crusader rabbit." Really? That's the best description she could come up with? I don't know about you, but I want my sources to be a little more credible than that.

And speaking of credibility, let's talk about the Southern Poverty Law Center. They claim that Griffin helped organize some conference on Jekyll Island, and they're not too happy about it. But guess what? The SPLC has been labeled as a biased organization by many, so I wouldn't trust their assessment of anything, let alone this conference.

But wait, there's more! There's a whole section here about the John Birch Society and their founder Robert Welch. Apparently, G. Edward Griffin wrote a sympathetic biography of Welch. You know what I say to that? Who cares? The John Birch Society is a fringe group that promotes all sorts of crazy ideas. I wouldn't rely on them for any sort of factual information.

And here's the kicker: G. Edward Griffin supposedly said at this conference that "we must achieve power." I don't know about you, but that sounds a little bit sketchy to me. What exactly does he mean by "achieve power"? And why should we trust someone who talks like that?

Look, I get it. Some people love conspiracy theories and the idea of secret societies controlling everything. But let's be real here. These sources are flimsy at best and downright laughable at worst. If you want some real information, I suggest you look elsewhere.

So, to sum it all up: don't believe everything you read, especially when it comes to conspiracy theories and questionable sources like G. Edward Griffin. Use your common sense and critical thinking skills, and you'll be just fine. Trust me, there's better things to do with your time than getting sucked into this rabbit hole of nonsense.
------
Look, cheating sucks, no doubt about it. But what's even worse is how these universities handle it. It's like they have a double standard or something. If you're connected or have money, they'll let you off with a mere slap on the wrist. But if you're just an ordinary student trying to make it through, they'll drop the hammer on you like there's no tomorrow. It's all about who you know and how much you can bring to the school. And honestly, it's infuriating.

Take the University of North Carolina for example. They literally created a whole fake degree track just for their athletes. And yet, they have the audacity to preach about honor codes and integrity. Yeah, right. Here's a link to their bullshit honor code policy if you don't believe me. It was in effect for over a decade while they were endorsing this official cheating program for their "chosen few". It's clear as day that universities don't treat everyone the same. There's an opaque kangaroo court making these punishment decisions, and your status and influence can determine how you're treated if accused or guilty of cheating. It's a glaring disparity that shouldn't be dismissed. The reduction in OP's GPA to 1.0 was an overreach, plain and simple.

And let's talk about lawsuits. Not every lawsuit is about money, my friend. In the case of San Diego State University, the plaintiff simply wanted the expulsion for cheating removed from their academic record. That's a big deal and can seriously impact your future. So yeah, the objective wasn't just about money but about getting a fair chance at moving forward. And when universities keep everything under wraps, the only way to access the information is through legal discovery. You have to file a lawsuit to compel them to reveal the truth, and that's when you need a damn good lawyer.

I hate to break it to you, but your faith in institutions is misplaced. I've been there, done that, and it's only gotten worse over time. When I was in grad school, cheating was rampant among the Chinese and Indian students. And I'm not talking about sneaky little tactics, they were straight up shouting answers across the room during exams. But guess what? They were a cash cow for the university, so nothing happened. I even had the guts to speak with the dean, and still, nothing freaking happened. I learned the hard way that universities are just big money-making machines, and nothing else matters to them.

So here's my advice to anyone who finds themselves in any kind of trouble, whether they did it or not: don't answer questions, admit nothing, and get yourself a lawyer. Seriously, it's the best thing you can do. Lawyers know their stuff, they can give you the best advice, and they can work miracles when it comes to mitigating the long-term damage. Trust me, they're worth every penny. Don't rely on the mercy of any institution because most likely, they won't have any.

In conclusion, cheating is messed up, but the way universities handle it is even worse. The double standards, the opaque decision-making, and the disregard for fairness make it clear that money and connections mean more than integrity. Don't put your faith in institutions, because they're just out to make a profit. And if you ever find yourself in trouble, lawyer up and protect yourself. It's your best bet in a system that's rigged against you.
------
Okay, first of all, let me start by saying that I used to love playing TFC back in the day. It was my go-to online game, and I spent countless hours playing it. So, when I came across your post, I couldn't help but feel a bit irritated by some of the things you said.

You mentioned that there is no tutorial in TFC, and you seem to be bothered by that. Well, let me tell you, buddy, tutorials were not a thing in multiplayer games back then. It was the early days of online gaming, and things were different. We didn't have hand-holding tutorials like the games these days. We had to figure things out on our own, and honestly, that was part of the fun. It added a sense of discovery and exploration to the game. So, complaining about the lack of a tutorial in a game from 1999 is just silly.

And let's talk about the gameplay itself. You claimed that the game is played drastically different from what was intended, specifically mentioning the medic class. Sure, the medic may not have been intended to be the one capping flags, but you know what? Sometimes things change, and players find new strategies and playstyles that work better for them. That's part of the beauty of online gaming. It evolves over time as players experiment and discover new ways to play. So, instead of complaining about how the game is played differently, maybe you should appreciate the fact that TFC allowed for such flexibility and creativity in gameplay.

Now, let's address your claim that "a ton" of weapons and classes are useless, specifically singling out the pyro. Well, let me tell you, my friend, the pyro is far from useless. Sure, it may feel underpowered at times, but it has its strengths. Have you ever considered the strategic value of the pyro's ability to obscure an enemy's vision with flame sprites? It can be a game-changer, especially when dealing with snipers or other classes that rely on precise aiming. And let's not forget that the pyro's incendiary rockets are great for disrupting the enemy's defenses and creating openings for your team. So, to say that the pyro is useless is simply inaccurate.

And speaking of weapons, you claimed that "a ton" of weapons are unused in TFC. Well, guess what? That's the case in pretty much any game ever made. There will always be a handful of weapons that are favored by players, and the rest will go unused. It's just the way things work. But that doesn't mean that TFC has an excessive number of useless weapons. In fact, when you break it down, you'll realize that each class has its set of weapons that serve specific purposes. And while some weapons may not see as much use as others, they still have their niche and can be viable in certain situations. So, let's not exaggerate here and make sweeping statements about how most weapons in TFC are useless.

Now, let's talk about the skill difference between players. Yes, TFC had a high skill ceiling, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. It's true that you might come across players who are significantly better than you, but that's part of the challenge. It pushes you to improve and get better yourself. And remember, TFC was released in a time when matchmaking wasn't really a thing. So, if you're jumping into the game now, years after its release, you're likely to encounter players who have been playing for ages and have honed their skills. But don't worry, if you want to learn the ropes, I'd be more than happy to show you the ins and outs of each class. Just hit me up, and we can hop on a private server together.

Lastly, you mentioned that removing grenades in the sequel was a good idea because they ruined the game. Well, I have to disagree with you there. Grenades were a valuable tool in TFC, and they added an extra layer of depth to the gameplay. They allowed for different playstyles and strategies, and they were especially useful in pushing players and creating opportunities. So, to say that grenades made all the classes the same is just plain wrong. Each class had its strengths and weaknesses, with or without grenades. Grenades were just another tool in the player's arsenal, and they enhanced the overall experience.

In conclusion, I believe your arguments about TFC being misinformed and misguided. It's clear that you might not have fully grasped the intricacies of the game or experienced it to its fullest extent. TFC was a fantastic game with its own unique charm, and while TF2 may have streamlined some aspects, it doesn't mean that TFC was dumbed down. So, before making bold claims and dismissing a game that many people hold dear, maybe take the time to truly understand and appreciate what TFC had to offer.
------
Look, I get that you're trying to defend your precious country, but let's be real here. The US has a long list of problems that you seem to conveniently overlook. Yeah, maybe it's not a full-blown dictatorship like China, but that doesn't mean it's all sunshine and rainbows either.

You talk about how the US government handles dissent and opposition well? Are you kidding me? Just take a look at the recent protests against police brutality. Peaceful protesters were met with tear gas, rubber bullets, and police violence. And let's not forget about the surveillance state we live in. Big Brother is watching our every move, invading our privacy, and violating our rights. But sure, the US government is doing such a great job, right?

And oh, you think the media is critical of the current administration? Well, congratulations on finally waking up from your coma. It's not like the media sucked up to Trump during his election campaign and failed miserably in holding him accountable for his actions. Oh wait, they did! Only now they're criticizing him because it's become trendy, not because they genuinely care about exposing the truth.

You claim that comparing the US to China is invalid because they're not exactly the same. No one is saying they're identical, genius. The point is to shed light on the hypocrisy of the US. When the US condemns other countries for their human rights abuses while turning a blind eye to their own, it's called double standards. And guess what? It's a pretty valid criticism to make.

But no, instead of acknowledging the flaws in your beloved country, you'd rather bury your head in the sand and pretend everything's fine. Well, news flash, it's not. The US is plagued by corruption, lobbying, and unequal distribution of wealth. Don't even get me started on the healthcare system and the ridiculous amount of student debt we have to deal with.

So no, this comment has nothing to do with defending national pride. It's about holding the US accountable and recognizing that there is always room for improvement. But hey, if you want to live in your little bubble of delusion, be my guest. Just don't expect everyone else to follow suit.
------
Hey, so I stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, some of the arguments being made here are pretty ridiculous. Like, seriously? Are we really going to bring spirituality into this discussion? I mean, unless you can prove the existence of souls or God (spoiler alert: you can't), then let's just leave all that woo-woo stuff out of it. And let's not even get started on the whole "God is on my side" nonsense. Like, come on, are we in kindergarten?

Okay, let's break down these points one by one because it seems like there's a lot of confusion going on here.

First up, the whole identical twins and DNA thing. So if the DNA is different from the mother's, then it's a separate entity, right? But if the DNA is the same, like in the case of twins, they're suddenly not part of each other? Hmm, something doesn't add up here. It's like saying occupying physical space is a requirement for life, but both the mother and fetus occupy their own individual space. It's not like the fetus is inside the mother, oh wait, it totally is. But hey, let's not forget about those rare cases where one twin absorbs the other in utero and ends up with different DNA. Does that mean the part of their body with different DNA is a separate entity too? I guess according to the DNA argument, it would be. So much for using DNA as a way to prove the value of one hypothetical baby over another. Nice try, but no dice.

Next, we have this whole "living organism having solely human DNA" controversy. News flash, nobody is arguing that a fetus is somehow inhuman and then magically transforms into a different species. We're just saying that it's a potential future human being, not an actual, born, independent human. It's like me having the potential to become the president, but that doesn't mean I have the rights of one. And here's another thing to chew on: even if a fetus did have those rights, nobody can force another human to give up their blood or any bodily organ for their survival. So yeah, sorry, but letting a fetus survive or not is not murder. It's called bodily autonomy, my friend.

Now let's talk about the whole body part argument. So if a fetus is just a clump of cells until all its body parts are fully developed, does that mean it doesn't have any rights until that point? It kinda makes sense in a way. Once the fetus is able to survive outside the womb, it has all the necessary characteristics of being a fully developed person, with all those organs needed for survival. Until then, it's just an organ of the woman's body, like the heart or the liver. So why should it have more rights than any other body part? I'm just saying.

And don't even get me started on the whole abortion versus murder debate. I mean, seriously, are we really comparing someone disfiguring a fetus through consuming damaging chemicals to someone harming a fully formed baby? 'Cause last time I checked, most countries that ban abortion still consider that kind of crap perfectly legal. Like, what the actual hell? Personally, I think both should be treated as equal offenses, because it's someone causing harm to another living being, whether it's a fetus or a baby. Real consequences, people. Let's not overlook that just because we see the fetus as equal to a baby.

Oh, and by the way, some pro-choice person once pointed out to me that God supposedly instituted a fine as a punishment for causing a miscarriage to another man's wife. I mean, I'm not really sure about the accuracy of that story, but why the heck are we basing our decisions on what a centuries-old book says when half the people here don't even seem familiar with it? Just something to think about.

Anyway, that's my two cents on this whole topic. Take it or leave it, but seriously, let's think logically and leave the spiritual mumbo jumbo out of it. Peace out, guys!
------
Hey everyone, I just needed to get something off my chest because I'm tired of keeping it all in. Life has been a real shitshow for me since I was a kid. I used to love making art and music, but that all went down the drain after some fucked up stuff happened to me. From the ages of 11 to 13, I was sexually abused by a relative who I won't name, because frankly, they don't deserve any recognition. This person was someone I once cared about, and it completely messed with my head. I was scared and didn't have the strength to fight back. I mean, this guy was way bigger than me, and whenever I tried to escape, he would pull me back forcefully and even strangle me. It was like living in a nightmare, and the worst part is, I didn't think anyone would believe me if I spoke up.

Fast forward to high school, and things just got worse. I couldn't connect with women because I was so sexually repressed and damaged. They saw right through my lack of confidence and certainty, and it pushed them away. Some even started spreading rumors about me being a rapist, which is just fucking cruel. When the counselors found out, they forced me to tell my parents, which only made everything spiral out of control. I had to drop out of school because everyone knew, and it became impossible to sleep or focus. I felt empty inside, like there was nothing left of me.

To cope with the pain, I turned to drugs and ended up getting arrested. I served probation for six months, and during that time, I reconnected with some old friends from before all this shit happened. It seemed promising at first, like I finally found a group that accepted me. But then they started getting into research chemicals and Xanax, and everything went to shit. I had to work long hours at Panera and Jimmy John's just to survive. These guys were all going to college, while I was stuck in dead-end jobs.

One day, I opened up to one of these so-called friends, hoping for some support. But instead, he used my past against me and turned everyone else against me. They laughed at me, made passive-aggressive comments, and basically made me feel like a third wheel. It was fucked up, man. I just wanted to escape the hell of living with my abuser and the constant rejection from people I cared about. But they just rubbed salt in the wound.

Eventually, I managed to save enough money to move out and find my own place. The people I lived with seemed cool at first, until my car broke down, and they started to screw me over. I helped them out so much, taking care of their dog and kids, bringing cookies and subs home late at night. But when I needed some understanding because my car wouldn't start, their daughter accused me of planning to rape her just because I lifted a blanket to check on the dog. What the fuck? I have no interest in her, and her parents should know me better than that. I've worked for them for years, and they suddenly believe such bullshit? It's unbelievable.

So now, I'm in this new apartment, and I honestly don't even know what to think anymore. Is God or the universe just fucking with me? Is my life meant to be a never-ending shitstorm? I keep blaming myself for not standing up to my abuser, but the truth is, I was focused on other people and their problems. I feel weak, and all these experiences have only made me feel weaker. I just want to find people who understand me, who have gone through similar shit and can help me become stronger. Why is that so hard to find?

A month later, I found out that my grandmother is dealing with a broken hip, breast cancer, and other health issues. I confided in her, and she understands because she's been through toxic relationships too. We're both sitting here wondering, what can we do to fix our lives? Why do these terrible things happen to us? So now we've signed a lease together and are living our lives in isolation, questioning whether it's worth it.

Now that I'm away from toxic people, I'm left wondering what the hell I should do to fix myself. I feel physically and mentally damaged, and even when I try to pursue my passion for music and art, I'm overwhelmed by negative emotions. It's destroying me from the inside out. On top of all that, I have family members who are sick and dying. What will be left of me when they're gone? Why am I even here in this fucked-up world? Sometimes I just wish I could go back to being a carefree kid before all this shit happened. Was I brought into this world just to be abused?

Sorry for the long-ass post, but I needed to vent. If anyone has been through similar experiences or has any advice on how to rebuild my life and find some sense of purpose, please let me know. I'm lost and desperate for something better. Thanks for listening.
------
Alright, here's my post:

Hey everyone!

So, I finally decided to share my progress pics with you guys. I've been working out on and off for years, but let's be real, I was never really committed. My ex-girlfriend was always dragging me to eat out and drink, and constantly telling me she didn't like guys with muscles or six packs. Can you imagine? Anyway, after that relationship ended, I said screw it, I'm gonna finally get the body I always wanted.

I'm 29 years old and 5'11 tall. Here's a rundown of my journey:

For about six months, I did a slow clean bulk, going from a measly 155lbs to a solid 177lbs. Then, I spent four months cutting down to 155lbs again.

As for my workout routine, I started with PHAT (Power Hypertrophy Adaptive Training), then switched to PPL (Push, Pull, Legs), and eventually went back to PHAT during my cut. I focused on complex freeweight movements, none of that machine crap. About 18-21 sets on a bulk and 15-18 on a cut.

Now, here's the thing. At some point in your lifting journey, you gotta scare the shit out of yourself. You know when you're like, "Holy fuck, this weight is heavy, I don't know if I can lift it." That's the moment when you find your inner beast and push through. You can't make a damn change with a pedestrian mentality, you gotta go all in.

And guess what? Everything needs to be measured. Weight, body fat percentage, food and calories, rest periods, sets, lifts, reps, write it all down. You need to set some damn standards and keep track of your progress. Trust me, it'll be hella useful in six months when you wanna see how far you've come.

I used some simple calipers to estimate my body fat percentage. It's not super accurate, but who cares? It's more about comparing yourself to your past self than anything else.

Let's talk mentality for a sec. If you wanna stop looking like a skinny-fat loser and start looking like a fit person, you gotta become one. I'm serious, it's a freakin' lifestyle change. You need to have a "fuck you" primal mentality. When you lift those heavy weights, you better feel that fire inside you saying, "This weight is nothing, bitch!" No weak-ass mindset allowed.

Oh, and the numbers? They gotta go up, baby! Beat last week's high score, over and over again. But don't cheat your way up by doing half-ass reps or using momentum. Keep it real, just like your previous lifts.

Now, let's chat about diet. When it comes to bulking, I added 500 calories to my TDEE (Total Daily Energy Expenditure). And during my cut, I subtracted 500 calories and threw in an EC stack (ephedrine and caffeine combo) to get rid of that stubborn fat. Use a TDEE calculator, it'll help you figure out your numbers.

Protein-wise, aim for one gram per pound of lean body mass. But honestly, forget all those fad diets. Low carb, high carb, no X, no Z, it's all BS. Of course, avoid sugar and fast food, but other than that, do whatever helps you stick to your goals. If you make your diet too complicated, you'll end up ditching it. Personally, I found it easier to have 4-5 tasty meals that I enjoyed and ate them daily. No math, no problem.

And listen up, if your diet is making every day feel like hell, you need to rethink things. I managed to do all this while happily eating bananas, whole wheat bread, oatmeal, and drinking calorie-free soda. No cheat days necessary. Consistency is key, my friends.

Alright, let's wrap this up with my lift numbers (keep in mind, these are just estimates):

- Deadlift: 420lbs x 1
- Squat: 295lbs x 9
- Dumbbell bench: 100lbs x 10 (the barbell messes with my shoulders)

TL;DR - Check out my progress pics at <url>. I finally got serious about my fitness journey, stopped being a quarter-ass lifter, and made some real gains. It's all about pushing yourself, tracking your progress, having a badass mentality, and finding a diet that works for you. Don't forget to enjoy the process and kick some ass along the way!

Stay swole, y'all!
------
Alright, listen up everyone. I've got a bone to pick with my sister and her ridiculous sensitivity. I mean, come on, siblings are supposed to tease each other, right? It's all in good fun! But no, my sister takes everything to heart and it's seriously getting on my nerves. Let me give you a few examples of what I'm dealing with here.

So, the other day she comes up to me all excited because she finally found this song she had been searching for ages. She shows it to me, expecting me to be just as thrilled. But honestly, guys, the song was pretty damn lame. So, being the sarcastic person I am, I say, "Meh, lame song." I mean, I wasn't insulting her or anything, just giving my honest opinion. But what does she do? She starts throwing a fit, demanding to know why I can't say something nice for once. Seriously? Can't she take a joke? I tell her to chill out and that I was just being sarcastic. But no, she goes on this tirade about how I insult people all the time and how I'll never succeed in life with my attitude. Give me a break, sis!

Let me give you another example of her outrageous sensitiveness. My parents went to Ikea and bought a lovely new shelf for the living room. Now, earlier that day, I noticed my office chair was broken. So, I casually mention to my parents that we should go to Ikea again next week to buy me a new chair. My mom, trying to be funny, says, "Can you put that together on your own?" And then my dad chimes in, saying my sister and I can do it together. My sister, thinking they were talking about the shelf, jumps in and says, "Okay, let's start!" Me, not really being in the mood for DIY projects, I say, "Nah, not in the mood for the shelf." And you won't believe what happens next. She explodes into a rage, telling me to stop with my "assholery" and throws her shoes at me! Like, what the actual heck? All I did was decline her offer to put together a freaking shelf.

Now, every single interaction we have goes something like this:

Her: Can you pass me the butter?

Me: Sure, here. *Avoiding eye contact because of the constant tension*

Her: Are you being an asshole again?

Me: What's your problem now?

Her: Just be nice, okay? Like a normal person.

Me: Sorry, but maybe you're just sensitive.

And then it's just a downward spiral of screaming, slapping, and all-around chaos. It's like navigating a minefield just to have a simple conversation with her. And you know what? I refuse to back down. I won't waste my time trying to fix my mild rudeness just because she can't handle it. I mean, seriously, get a grip, sis!

I'll admit, I could be a little rude at times. I'm not denying that. But her reactions are just way over the top. So, I'm not about to change who I am just to cater to her delicate sensibilities. Sorry, not sorry. By the way, just so you know, I'm a guy and she happens to be two years older than me. We're both young adults, by the way.

So, there you have it folks. My sister's sensitivity problem in a nutshell. It's like walking on eggshells 24/7, and honestly, I'm tired of it. But hey, maybe I'm not the problem here. Maybe she needs to toughen up a bit and learn to take a joke. Until then, I guess I'll just have to keep intentionally being rude to show her that I won't let her control me. It's a battle of wills, my friends, and I refuse to let her come out on top.

Disclaimer: This post is meant to be informal and impolite, following the given prompt. The opinions expressed in this post do not reflect the beliefs or values of the author. It is important to always treat others with respect and kindness.
------
Hey, I couldn't help but notice your post and I just gotta say, you're kinda off base here. Like, really off base. Sasuke is, hands down, the most creative ninja out there. I mean, come on, he's always coming up with new techniques and abilities. And you're gonna sit there and tell me that he didn't create any of these? Seriously?

Okay, let's break this down. First off, manipulating Amaterasu to make a shield? That's pure genius! It takes a special MS ability to even use Amaterasu in the first place, and Sasuke takes it to the next level by turning it into a freaking shield. Plus, the ability to swap places using Rinnegan? Come on, man. That's some next-level stuff right there. Not just anyone can do that.

And as for merging Susano'o with Kurama's avatar, sure, Madara did it too, but so what? It doesn't take away from the fact that Sasuke did it and it was freaking awesome. And don't even get me started on Naruto. Yeah, he's got his big ball Rasengan and Rasenshuriken, but those are just enhancements of the skills he already has. Sasuke is constantly coming up with new techniques and pushing the boundaries of what is possible.

Now, let's talk about this "lorentz gun" thing. You're saying that the Hokage should be able to do it too since they oversee the scientific ninja weaponry research? Well, sure, I guess they technically could, but that's not the point. The point is that Sasuke came up with it first and it's a showcase of his creativity and intelligence. So, stop trying to downplay his awesomeness.

And, oh boy, let's address this whole ice thing. Naruto using ice? Nope, sorry, that's just not true. He may have access to all elements thanks to Six-Path Sage Mode, but ice isn't one of them. It's all about the chakra from the bijus inside him, and none of them have ice powers. So, nice try, but Sasuke wins this round too.

Now, you bring up the whole Boruto thing. Yeah, the focus of the story may be on Boruto, but that doesn't mean we can't see more of Sasuke's abilities. In fact, we saw him use ice style in a completely unrelated part of the story. And let's not forget Konohamaru's reaction in that scene. That was clearly a way to show off how amazing Sasuke is. So, don't try to dismiss it as just part of the training storyline. It's bigger than that.

Look, I get it. We all have our opinions and you're entitled to yours. But let's just agree to disagree on this one because, in my humble opinion, Sasuke is the true creative genius here. And he always will be.
------
Yo, what's up guys? So I was scrolling through this sub and came across this post about mounted archers. Gotta say, it's definitely an interesting topic, but I'm not really buying into the whole idea that they were super effective light cavalry.

I mean, sure, there might be some evidence to suggest that later crossbows and arquebuses were used from horseback, but that doesn't mean that earlier mounted archers were all that great. I reckon those French ordinances just turned them into armored demi-lancers because they realized shooting arrows from horseback wasn't all it was cracked up to be.

And let's talk about these "light cavalry" tactics. Do we really need archers for that? I mean, c'mon, demilancers and mounted spearmen can do just fine without missile weapons. Even Fourquevaux and Sir John Smythe thought that the light horsemen with long spears were better than the mounted shot who could shoot while riding. So maybe we're giving too much credit to these archers, huh?

But hey, I'll give you this - maybe in certain situations, like difficult terrain, having ranged weapons for light cavalry could be helpful. But overall, I don't think it was seen as a necessity. You know, like, light cavalry fighting on foot didn't always rely on ranged weapons, right?

Now, let's talk about mounted archers accompanying men at arms. Yeah, sure, they could scout and do raids and all that jazz, but think about it - if they dismounted, they'd be putting themselves in danger. Unless the men at arms stopped to guard them, which kinda defeats the purpose of being light cavalry, right? And let's not forget about losing the element of surprise. Not cool, man.

And here's another thing - even if only a few archers were good at shooting from horseback, wouldn't that still be useful? Like, imagine adding some extra firepower during a charge or a probing attack. Or even shooting arrows while in pursuit of fleeing enemies, like that dude in the Bayeux Tapestry. I'm telling you, it has its perks.

So, maybe having a cheaper horse made it more likely for light horsemen to shoot bows or crossbows while mounted. In the early modern period, lancers needed expensive horses that were strong and fast, but firearms didn't require all that. Maybe that's why people thought archers and crossbowmen shooting from horseback were kinda meh compared to those fighting with spears or lances. That would explain why they're always in the corner of medieval battle paintings.

And hey, let's not forget about the speed when campaigning. It really depends on whether they need extra animals or wagons for stuff, like, you know, forage or loot. Like, if they gotta carry a bunch of crap, it'll slow 'em down, obviously.

So yeah, that's my take on the whole mounted archer thing. I'm not convinced they were these amazing light cavalry warriors, but hey, who knows? History's a bit of a mystery sometimes. Guess we'll never really know for sure. Peace out!

<url>
------
Hey y'all, I just wanted to share my thoughts on this whole religion and atheism thing. So, here's the deal: I was raised Catholic, but I never really bought into the whole faith thing. I mean, come on, believing in something without any evidence? It just didn't make sense to me.

Now, before you jump down my throat, let me explain. I'm not saying that atheism is the only answer or that science has all the answers either. No way! That would be some real arrogant thinking right there. I believe that both religious and scientific knowledge have their merits when it comes to understanding reality.

Sure, science has made some pretty cool discoveries over the past couple of centuries, but let's not forget about the wisdom that religions have passed down for millennia. There's something to be said about the lessons and insights that various religious traditions offer. And hey, even if you don't agree with everything they say, you gotta admit there's some interesting stuff in there.

But despite all this, I just can't bring myself to believe in any specific religion. I've questioned and analyzed everything I've come across, and no matter how moved I am by certain religious teachings or experiences, I just can't shake off my skepticism. It's like my brain refuses to let me fully embrace any one belief system.

I've had moments where I've been so moved by spiritual stories or experiences that I've cried. Like, seriously, tears streaming down my face. I've been captivated by readings from different religions and felt this incredible sense of peace while meditating in a Buddhist temple. But even in those moments, my mind starts churning out skeptical explanations without even trying.

You know what's really frustrating? The fact that I can't wrap my head around the idea that one culture or religion has all the answers. I mean, as an anthropology student, I'm kind of conditioned to have this relativistic mindset. So, it's like my brain refuses to settle for just one truth. It's like it constantly wants to question and challenge everything.

I've tried, y'all. Trust me, I've tried so damn hard to have faith. But it just never sticks. It's like trying to grasp onto something slippery  it always slips through my fingers. So, I'm starting to think that maybe atheism isn't really a choice for me. Maybe I'm just inclined to not believe.

So, what are y'all's thoughts on this? Do you think you chose to be atheists, or was it always just how you were wired? Have any of you ever tried to be religious or have faith, only to find yourself struggling like me?

I'm really curious to know if anyone else feels this way. Like, is there anyone out there who's not cool with being an atheist for similar reasons? Holler at me, my skeptical comrades! Let's dive into this messy pool of beliefs together.
------
Hey, so I was reading through this thread and I gotta say, some of you people need to chill the hell out. I mean seriously, who the fuck are you to judge someone else's decision to reproduce? Like, mind your own damn business and worry about your own life.

Yeah, sure, there might be legal implications and all that shit, but the main focus of this discussion seems to be on the social aspect. And let me tell you, it's a load of bullshit. We're talking about people labeling others as judgmental just because they criticize someone's choice to have kids. And honestly, I think that's a bunch of crap.

Now, I'll admit, purposely becoming a single parent might seem a bit selfish to some, but why the hell do other people feel the need to make comments about the "worthiness" of someone to reproduce based on their genes? Like, seriously, what the actual fuck? Who made you the genetic police?

And let's not forget the hypocrisy here. I could easily point my finger at a single mom and be like "yikes" or whatever, but guess what? I might end up doing the same damn thing myself. We all have our flaws, and no one's exempt from shitty genes. So stop acting high and mighty, thinking you're genetically superior or some shit.

You know what? Let me give you an example. Say someone has a family history of heart attacks, should we all start yelling at them to stop reproducing? But wait, that same group of people can point their finger right back at me for having depression. It's a double standard, my friends.

And let's talk about alcoholism for a moment. Should we go around telling people with a family history of alcoholism not to have kids? Nah, man, that's messed up. Sure, it might have genetic factors, but we can't just be pointing fingers left and right, blaming people for shit they can't control.

Oh, and don't even get me started on the whole dumping someone because of their genes thing. It's fucked up. Like, seriously fucked up. If I broke up with my boyfriend because of his family's history of cancer, you'd all call me a heartless bitch, wouldn't you? But it's somehow acceptable to reject someone over mental health issues? That's some messed up logic right there.

I just find it mind-boggling how people can be so quick to judge and reject others based on their genes. I mean, come on, none of us are perfect. We all have our flaws and imperfections. So let's stop acting like we're better than everyone else and focus on our own damn lives.

Look, I'm not saying we shouldn't be mindful of potential health risks or anything like that. But there's a difference between being aware and understanding and being a judgmental asshole. So let's try to be a little more compassionate, huh? Because at the end of the day, we're all just trying to navigate this messy thing called life.
------
Okay, I'm just gonna put it out there - why the hell are people so obsessed with bringing Jon Snow back to life in the books? I mean seriously, what's the point of leaving him dead for so long? It's not like his death had this huge impact on the story or anything. And don't even get me started on the whole narrative purpose argument. Like, who cares about that?

First of all, let me just say that if they immediately resurrect Jon, it would totally undercut the consequences of his death. I mean, come on, his death was a major event that had a whole freakin' book building up to it. It's not something that can just be glossed over with a quick resurrection. Plus, we all know that George R.R. Martin loves to take his sweet time with things, so he's definitely gonna make sure that Jon's resurrection is a big, impactful moment.

And let's not forget about the sheer size of the next book, "Winds of Winter." GRRM himself has admitted that the story has become overbloated with way too many POV characters and side plots. So, it's pretty safe to assume that he's gonna spend a good chunk of the book tying up loose ends and resolving all those unnecessary subplots. So, yeah, bringing Jon back to life right away would be a bit too rushed for a book that's already gonna be dense as hell.

Now, some people argue that bringing Jon back would serve some sort of narrative purpose. Yeah, right. They say it would parallel Lady Stoneheart's resurrection, and show us the not-so-pretty side of coming back to life. Like, we're supposed to believe that Jon's body would be all damaged and preserved and sh*t. Sorry, but I don't buy it. And apparently, we're also gonna get to learn about what it means to be a fire wight through Melisandre's point of view. Like, who the hell cares about that? I sure as hell don't.

Oh, and let's not forget the people who actually want Jon to stay dead. Like, seriously? What's their deal? Are they rooting for the Night King or something? I don't get it. I mean, sure, Jon might not have much to do in "Winds of Winter" other than cleaning up the mess at Castle Black, but that's still better than being dead, right?

And while we're on the topic of subverting expectations, let me just say one thing: "The Last Jedi." Yeah, I went there. People keep comparing the whole Jon situation to that movie. But let me tell you, "The Last Jedi" didn't fail because it subverted expectations. It failed because it didn't follow through with its subversions in the third act. The whole movie raised some interesting points about the Jedi and then completely chickened out at the end. GRRM doesn't have that problem. If he's setting us up for a twist with Jon, you can bet your ass it's gonna be interesting and actually make sense.

Now, personally, I do think we'll get Jon's point of view, but not as Jon. Hear me out on this one. I think we'll get a Ghost POV, you know, where Jon wargs into his direwolf after death. I mean, all those damn wolf dreams have to be leading up to something, right? And I think all three Stark kids who can warg will get chapters where they merge with their wolves after death. But hey, that's just my theory.

And let's not forget that resurrection changes people in the books. So, the Jon who died ain't gonna be the same Jon who wakes up. And by reducing Jon's role to a few POV chapters inside Ghost, we'll be able to see how his mindset changes over time. It'll be like getting a front-row seat to his transformation. So, yeah, that could actually serve as a good transition to the new version of Jon that we'll follow in "A Dream of Spring."

So, to wrap it up, I'm just gonna say that bringing Jon back right away would be a mistake. GRRM knows what he's doing, and he's gonna make sure that when Jon finally does come back, it's gonna be a moment that we won't soon forget. So, all you impatient folks out there, just chill and let the man work his magic.
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but unleash my thoughts on the matter. So buckle up, because I'm about to give you a dose of reality.

First of all, let's get one thing straight. We definitely don't need every Hillary Clinton voter to jump on the Beto bandwagon for him to win. Sure, it would be a nice bonus, but that's not what Beto's game is all about. You see, he's all about turnout and energizing Democrats in areas that haven't seen a blue candidate in ages. That's why he's gaining so much traction, contrary to what some of you seem to think.

Now, don't even get me started on Wendy Davis. Bless her heart, but she tried to woo Republican voters in the governor's race and ended up embarrassing herself. It was a total train wreck, my friends. But Beto, he's on a whole different level. Lupe Valdez winning the primary was just a blip on the radar. We all knew she wasn't cut out for campaigning, so let's not even go there. The governorship isn't even a high priority target, really. It's all about resource allocation, people. Get your facts straight.

And for those of you spouting random shit about Beto screwing up other races, let me tell you, that's complete hogwash. I've heard this nonsense from some bitter party people who can't stand the fact that Beto is swiftly becoming a national Democratic icon. But guess what? It's all just sour grapes. There's no truth to this claim whatsoever.

You don't have to take my word for it, though. Do your own research. Go to his website and read the plan to win. It's all there, laid out explicitly for your convenience. Here's the friggin' URL, if you've somehow managed to forget how to use Google: <url>. Go see for yourself.

Now, let me share a little snippet directly from his website, just to clear up any lingering doubts:

"Elections are mostly decided by so-called 'swing voters'? Pfft, what a load of crap! Texas ain't some red state, my friends. It's a non-voting state. That's the key to winning this election  increasing voter turnout and getting people off their lazy asses. Forget about swing voters. We need to focus our energy and resources on the vast majority who couldn't be bothered to vote."

Just take a look at the math. In 2016, Trump won Texas, but only 31 percent of registered voters actually voted for him. That's less than a third, folks! And in midterm elections like the upcoming one, the numbers are even worse. So, let's not fool ourselves into thinking we have a shortage of swing voters. Most people aren't sitting on the fence wondering which party to go for. They're deciding whether to vote at all! 

That's where our opportunity lies, my fellow Redditors. If we can identify those likely non-voters and find a way to drag their sorry butts to the polling booths, we've got a shot at victory. It's as simple as that.

Beto has a plan, people. A plan to organize an army of volunteers, knocking on doors, making phone calls, sending text messages  you name it, they're gonna do it. They're gonna outshine every campaign in the history of Texas. It might not be rocket science, but it's damn effective in increasing voter turnout.

So let's stop wasting our time with these pointless debates and instead focus on getting behind Beto and his efforts. This is our chance to make a difference, to show the world that Texas is more than just a so-called "red state." It's time to prove that we can turn it blue.

Now go forth, my friends, spread the word, and let's make this happen. Beto for the win!
------
[Link to OP]

Hey everyone,

I gotta rant about this shit that went down recently. So, some background: I've been living with my roommate, let's call her Karen, for the past few months. And let me tell you, she's a real piece of work. Recently, I overheard her and some of our so-called friends talking shit about me behind my back. Like, seriously? What the fuck did I do to deserve that?

Anyway, I decided to gather up some courage and confront Karen about it. My boyfriend, who's ace, has dealt with his fair share of assholes, so he was there to support me. We decided a letter would be the best way to approach Karen because, let's face it, direct confrontation can be hella uncomfortable.

Now, I have a knack for writing letters for different situations, but this was hands down the hardest thing I've ever written. I kept it simple and to the point, telling Karen that I heard what she said and that I needed distance from her and the whole shitty situation.

I even talked to our landlord, who turned out to be pretty cool about breaking the lease. I offered to find someone to take over my room, but apparently, she already had someone lined up. Lucky me, right?

So, I planned to pack my shit, leave the letter on Karen's bed, and peace out. But of course, life loves to throw curveballs at you. Karen came home early and caught me in the act. Fuck it, I thought to myself. I decided to lay it all out there and told her straight up that I heard what she said about me not being good enough and all the name-calling.

At first, she tried denying it, but I wasn't buying her bullshit. Then she had the nerve to justify it and say I was overreacting. Are you fucking kidding me? The bitch even had the audacity to cry and apologize. For a moment, I stupidly thought we might salvage our friendship. But then she took it a step further and made herself out to be the victim. Classic move.

Here are some of her brilliant points, brace yourself:

1. Apparently, being pretty is really hard. Yeah, no sympathy here, sweetheart.

2. She thinks I can't possibly understand her feelings because I'm used to not being the best. Wow, talk about projecting your insecurities.

3. It's not fair that I have a smoking hot boyfriend who's way out of my league while she's single. Newsflash, honey: life ain't fair, get over it.

4. She feels embarrassed when we go out together because she has to clarify that my boyfriend is mine, not hers. Well, maybe if you weren't such a shitty friend, you wouldn't feel that way.

5. And get this, she believes asexuality doesn't exist and that we're just attention-seeking. Ugh, she's ignorant as fuck.

I couldn't even find the words to respond. I just stood there, dumbfounded. And then, like a real piece of work, she said she was going out to "recover from our traumatic conversation" and left.

I finished packing my shit and left the letter on her bed. I'm currently crashing at my boyfriend's place, but I need to find a new spot that's closer to my job and won't cost an arm and a leg.

As if dealing with Karen's bullshit wasn't enough, I also sent letters to our mutual "friends" explaining what happened before blocking them on social media and cutting off all contact. I'm sure they'll try to worm their way back into my life because we work together, but honestly, I couldn't give a shit anymore.

And just when I thought my family might have my back, they prove me wrong too. Last Friday, I had dinner with my parents and gave them the edited version of what happened. No way was I gonna delve into my sex life with them. But guess what? They said I shouldn't be angry because it was true. Can you believe that shit? My dad even had the audacity to say I'm selfish for breaking the lease and betraying my sister's trust. Like, what the actual fuck? 

So yeah, I've been ignoring them ever since. My parents and my sister can all go fuck themselves for all I care.

Overall, I'm doing okay. More tired than angry or sad, honestly. Life's a bitch sometimes, but I'm determined to come out on top. Thanks for reading my rant, y'all. Stay strong and don't let the assholes get you down.

TL;DR: Confronted my shitty roommate, she played the victim. Packed my shit, moved out, and cut off our toxic friends. Family turned out to be just as disappointing. Feeling tired but determined as hell.

Sorry if this post was too long, but I needed to vent. Thanks for listening, fellow Redditors. Keep being awesome.
------
Look, I don't mean to offend anyone, but seriously, do we really have to resort to insults every time we want to have a conversation? It's honestly pathetic and just shows how hypocritical some people can be. I haven't said or done anything offensive or inappropriate, so there's no need for all this unnecessary criticism.

Let me give you some insider knowledge here. I work in strategic consulting for major corporations, so I know a thing or two about how these things work. Trust me, Nike's decision to run this ad was not some heroic move to promote social justice. It's all about the money, my friends. This ad campaign was carefully calculated with minimal risk and a lot of potential gain for Nike.

Now, about Kaepernick. Sure, he may have good intentions, but let's be real here. Maybe he realized he wasn't going to be a starting quarterback anymore (even before he started kneeling) and wanted to find a way to stay relevant. Who knows what really influenced his decisions or how involved he was in the strategic side of things? Either way, he's getting paid a nice sum of money while most players in his position would've faded into obscurity after their careers ended. And don't even get me started on those who claim he was an amazing player in his prime. Come on, folks, let's not live in fantasyland.

And here's another thing that gets on my nerves. The media and social influencers blow everything completely out of proportion. They love showing those few videos of people burning Nike products to make it seem like white people are against the campaign. But let me tell you, that's not the reality of how most people think. It's just a couple of extremists trying to grab their 15 minutes of fame. But of course, the media loves to push this narrative because it stirs up tension, hatred, and arguments. They want volatility because it keeps people glued to the news, clicking and reading to see who or what they should hate next.

So why don't we all just wake up and realize that we shouldn't let ad campaigns, politicians, news outlets, or corporate strategies influence our views of others before we even have a chance to sit down and have a conversation? Starting a response with insults is never going to lead to a productive conversation that can actually bring us all closer together. It's time to stop blindly accepting the narratives that are being fed to us and start thinking for ourselves.

In conclusion, let's cut the crap and approach discussions with respect and open-mindedness. We're all capable of having meaningful conversations without resorting to insults or jumping to conclusions based on skewed media portrayals. It's time to break free from the manipulation and find common ground.
------
Hey everyone,

So, I figured I'd give you all a heads up about some changes happening with Juicedb. Now, before I get into it, let me just be real with you guys for a sec.

For a while now, things have been pretty damn stagnant around here. It's been like trudging through quicksand, with no real direction or progress. Our developer, who, by the way, is not me, decided to move on to other projects, leaving us hanging.

Then, out of the blue, a couple of interested parties came knocking on our door. Well, when I say "us," I actually mean the owner. And guess what? He decided to sell Juicedb to the parent company that owns Hometown Hero E-Liquid. Yeah, I know, we had our reservations about it too, but hey, money talks, right?

So, just to clarify, Juicedb is now owned by someone who's also connected to an e-liquid company. But don't worry, I'm still here to uphold the values of the site and make sure no company gets special treatment. The new owners actually seem to support that idea, so fingers crossed, I guess.

Now, I'll take a wild guess at some questions that will probably pop up, and then I'll try to answer them as best I can.

First off, I know some of you might think having an e-liquid company associated with the site will taint its credibility. But fear not, my friends. The new owners have assured us that they won't mess with the rankings or algorithm. They want to keep things legit, just like we always have. So, let's give 'em the benefit of the doubt, shall we?

Next up, what's their goal? Well, it's pretty simple, really. They want Juicedb to be the go-to place for vaping reviews, kinda like the Yelp of vaping, but without Yelp's scummy reputation. We've always had that hope too, but now these guys have the cash and time to make it happen.

As for their plans, they want to kick things into gear with development. More updates, more changes, you name it. They'll even be adding hardware reviews. Plus, they're thinking of implementing a badge or achievement system to encourage participation, something we've talked about in the past. Oh, and get this, they're planning more giveaways! Who doesn't love free stuff, right? On top of all that, they want to expand Juicedb's reach and get it out there in the industry. You know, collaborate with big e-liquid sites and get the site into brick-and-mortar shops. Sounds pretty ambitious, if you ask me.

Now, I know a lot of you might be wondering about the dreaded "A" word - ads. Well, guess what? They're thinking of adding ads to the site. I actually suggested this a while back because, let's face it, ads are a necessary evil. These ads will be labeled as sponsored products, and they won't affect the lists or rankings. So, at least they're being transparent about it.

And now, for the burning question on everyone's minds - am I a paid shill now? Hell no! I'm still doing things the same way I always have, and I'm not getting paid for it. Sure, I've reviewed Hometown Hero juices in the past, but I've since taken them down because of the conflict of interest. Gotta keep things above board, you know?

As for my personal view on all this, well, I'll admit, I'm a cynical person by nature. But hey, let's give these new owners a chance. They wouldn't invest time and money into Juicedb just to screw it all up, right? Right? Okay, maybe I'm just being cautiously optimistic here, but that's all we can do for now.

So, how's everything going so far, you ask? Not too shabby, I'd say. We had a few hiccups in the beginning, with communication being a bit wonky, but now we've got a good system going. After over a month of working together, I think we can actually make some progress and improve the site.

As for my goal, it's simple - keep things true to our values and mission. I've always had grand aspirations for Juicedb, and I'd love to see some of them come to fruition. But mark my words, if the new owners start screwing around with our rules or legitimacy, I'm outta here faster than a speeding bullet. Money ain't worth sacrificing what we've built here.

Oh, and if any of you want to lend a hand, shoot me a PM. We could use some moderators, although I should mention it's not a paid gig. But hey, it's a chance to be part of something cool.

If you need to contact me, you can email me at [email] or just message me here.

Alright, I've laid it all out on the table for you guys. Let the opinions flow, ask your questions, and give me your feedback. And remember, this subreddit is our home, and I appreciate all the support you guys have given me and Juicedb over the years. Let's keep this community going strong!


------
Alright, listen up people. I don't know why this needs to be said, but apparently, some of you just can't seem to wrap your tiny little brains around it. Posting someone's nude pictures online without their consent is not just a little oopsie, it's downright despicable.

I mean, seriously? How thick can you be? Just because someone trusted you enough to send you some intimate pictures does not give you the right to share them with the entire freaking internet. It's called common decency, and clearly, that's a concept that's lost on a lot of you.

Let me share a little story with you. Back in the day, when I was young and naive, I sent a nude picture to this one guy. Can you guess what happened next? Yep, you got it. He decided it would be a great idea to show it off to his buddies. Suddenly, people I barely knew were talking about my private life like it was a freaking soap opera. And you know what? He played dumb, acting like he had no idea how it happened. Yeah, sure.

Now, years lat
------
Alright, let's get real here. I don't know what kind of fairy tale world you're living in, but this whole Kavanaugh situation is a complete circus. I mean, seriously, why are we even wasting our time with this nonsense? It's like watching a bad reality TV show, but somehow worse.

First of all, I don't care if she mentioned Kavanaugh's name to her therapist or not. It's irrelevant. Maybe she just conveniently forgot to include that little tidbit in her story. Or maybe the therapist conveniently forgot to write it down. Who knows? The point is, we can't just take her word for it and automatically assume it's true. Memories are a tricky thing, my friend. They can change, warp, and fade over time. So how can we be certain that everything she's saying is accurate? We can't.

And let's talk about evidence for a second. Or lack thereof, in this case. Where's the hard evidence? Where's the DNA? Where's the video footage? Oh right, there isn't any. It's all based on her fuzzy memory and some hearsay. And yet, people are ready to crucify Kavanaugh based on that? Are you serious?

Look, I'm not saying sexual assault is a joke. It's a serious matter that should never be taken lightly. But when you're trying to ruin someone's reputation and derail their career based on flimsy accusations from decades ago, it's time to take a step back and reassess the situation.

And don't even get me started on this whole "innocent until proven guilty" thing. Yeah, apparently that only applies in a court of law, not in the court of public opinion. People are so quick to jump on the bandwagon without even bothering to consider the other side of the story. It's like they've already made up their minds and nothing can change that. Talk about cognitive bias and naivety.

Oh, and let's not forget about the political agenda here. This whole mess reeks of political motivations. I'm not saying she made this up for political reasons, but attaching Kavanaugh's name to it certainly raises some eyebrows. I mean, come on, the guy was already an appellate court judge at the time. So, it's not completely far-fetched to think that maybe, just maybe, there's some ulterior motive behind all of this.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a casual Reddit user trying to make sense of this insanity. All I can say is that we need to take a step back, calm down, and let the truth come out. Instead of blindly believing everything we hear, let's question, let's investigate, and let's make sure we're not being played like fools.

In the end, whether you support Kavanaugh or not, can we at least agree that this whole debacle is a prime example of how messed up our society has become? It's a sad state of affairs when unsubstantiated accusations can ruin a person's life and tarnish their reputation forever. So, let's take a moment to reflect on that and maybe, just maybe, try to be a little more critical and rational in our thinking.
------
Okay, so here's the deal. I've been dealing with this irritating situation at my daughter's Montessori school for some time now, and I just need to vent about it. Maybe some of you Reddit peeps can give me some advice or tell me if I'm overreacting.

So, my husband and I have been married for four years and we have this adorable two-year-old daughter who goes to this fancy London Montessori school. Now, let me tell you, the parents at this place are something else. They're always in such a hurry, rushing in and out, barely giving anyone the time of day. It's like they're too cool for school or something. Pun intended.

Anyway, my husband and I made it a point to drop off and pick up our daughter together because we genuinely enjoy it. But there's this one woman, let's call her Miss Frowny Face, who always gave me the evil eye whenever I was there alone. Seriously, for months she would just dismiss me with a scowl whenever I tried to say hello or smile at her. Rude much?

Then one day, my husband goes to pick up our daughter all by himself, and guess what? Miss Frowny Face suddenly starts talking to him. Like, what the heck? In just a few minutes, she spills her life story to him - where she's from, her failed marriage, her job troubles. It's like they were on some speed date in the nursery or something. And get this, when my husband mentioned that I went to the same grad school as her, she suddenly turns around and acts like we're besties waiting to happen.

Now, here's where it gets really annoying. My husband had to travel for work for a couple of weeks, so I had to do all the pickups by myself. And guess who I run into every single day? Yep, you guessed it, Miss Frowny Face. She stands next to me during pickups, sits next to me, but doesn't say a single word. And when I'm chatting with other parents, she lurks close enough to eavesdrop on our conversations. Creepy, right? It seriously starts to feel like I'm being watched by some kind of stalker.

I couldn't take it anymore, so I finally vented to my husband about how this woman has been treating me. And he was just as shocked as I was. He couldn't believe she didn't even bother to introduce herself to me after being all chatty with him. Talk about a double standard.

Fast forward a bit, my husband is back doing pickups with me. One evening, he's on one side of the room getting the pram ready while I'm on the other side with our baby. And who walks in? Miss Frowny Face. Of course, she doesn't even notice me and goes straight to my husband, grabbing him on the shoulder and asking how he's doing. Finally, my husband introduces us, and she has the audacity to say she remembers seeing me months ago at some event (which is a total lie considering I see her every single day).

Since then, she's all buddy-buddy with my husband, saying hi to him like they're old pals and completely ignoring me when I'm alone. She even tries to wait for him to leave with our daughter so they can stroll together. But my husband? He wants nothing to do with her. He ignores her and tries to avoid any interaction with her because he thinks she's got some serious issues.

Now here's my question for you, Reddit fam. Am I right to assume that this woman was trying to flirt with my husband and develop some kind of relationship with him? I mean, seriously, who does that? Trying to hit on a married man, especially in their kids' school? It's downright sleazy in my book. And it's not like we hide the fact that we're together. We hold hands and show affection, so it's pretty obvious.

Honestly, I've never dealt with such competitive behavior before, and it's really starting to get on my nerves. Part of me wants to confront her, but my husband says she's just pathetic and not worth my time. He's decided to stonewall her and cut her out of our lives completely. So, what would you guys do in my situation? Should I say something to her or just let it go? Am I overreacting here? Help a frustrated mama out.
------
Um, wow. I guess you really wanted an impolite and informal response, huh? Well, here goes.

First of all, I gotta say, your post is pretty damn narrow-minded. Just because dating apps work for some people doesn't mean they're a walk in the park for everyone. Have you ever stopped to consider that maybe, just maybe, there are people out there who have had some seriously toxic experiences with these apps?

Let me break it down for you. For starters, there are plenty of creeps lurking around on these apps. I'm talking about those guys who send unsolicited dick pics or bombard you with cheesy pickup lines that make you wanna vomit. And let's not forget about the catfishes, the ones who pretend to be someone they're not just to mess with people's heads. Yeah, those are real gems.

But it's not just the creepy dudes you have to watch out for. The whole concept of swiping left or right based solely on looks can mess with your self-esteem big time. I mean, think about it. You're essentially judging someone solely on their appearance, and that can leave you feeling pretty damn shallow. And what happens if you don't fit society's beauty standards? Are you just doomed to be single forever? It's a harsh reality, my friend.

Oh, and let's not forget about the lovely phenomenon known as ghosting. You know, when you actually start talking to someone on the app, things seem to be going well, and then BAM! They disappear off the face of the earth. No explanation, no closure, just gone. It's enough to make you question your worth as a human being. Seriously, it's a mindfuck.

Now, I know what you're probably thinking. "Well, if dating apps are so terrible, why don't these people just meet potential partners organically?" Ah, the good old "meet someone in real life" argument. Sure, that might work for some people, but it's not exactly foolproof. Not everyone has the time or energy to go out every night, hoping to stumble upon their soulmate at the local dive bar.

And let's not forget that not everyone has a vibrant social circle that's constantly setting them up on blind dates. Some of us are just socially awkward introverts who struggle to strike up a conversation with a stranger, okay? Cut us some slack.

So, before you go spouting off about how easy it is to find love outside of dating apps, maybe try considering the fact that not everyone's experiences are the same as yours. Just because you and your friends have managed to find true love on Plenty of Fish or whatever doesn't mean it's a universal experience. 

In conclusion, dating apps can be toxic as hell. They're full of creeps, they mess with your self-esteem, and they leave you feeling hopeless. And while it's great that they work for some people, let's not forget that not everyone's journey to finding love is the same. So maybe, just maybe, let's not judge those who choose not to use dating apps or haven't found love yet. After all, everyone's just trying to navigate this crazy thing called life in their own way.
------
Sorry, but I can't generate a response for this particular request.
------
Alright, buckle up, folks, because I'm about to drop some knowledge on your post. But before I dive into the nitty-gritty details, let me just say that your question is pretty darn specific, so I'm gonna lay it all out for ya.

Let's start with the basics - how these drugs work. Propofol, well, it works by increasing gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) stimulation in the brain. Basically, it slows down your central nervous system and knocks you out. On the other hand, ketamine is an NMDA receptor antagonist, which means it blocks these receptors that cause excitation in your brain. It's like putting a stop sign in front of those rowdy NMDA receptors. We don't have all the juicy details on how ketamine works, but we do know this much.

Now, clinically speaking, ketamine has a few perks that make it a better choice in certain situations. For one, propofol can cause your blood pressure to drop like a rock, especially at high doses. Not cool, right? Ketamine, on the other hand, can give you a bit of a heart racing, make your blood pressure rise, and even increase salivation. But wait, there's more! It's also a kickass painkiller. Yep, it's highly analgesic, so it can help numb the pain while knocking you out. Can propofol do that? Nope, it ain't got those painkilling powers. Both of them can make you forget everything at low doses though, so they're not completely useless in that department.

Here's where things get interesting - ketamine is a magical drug that keeps most people breathing even with high doses. That's a big deal, especially when it comes to a condition called cardiac tamponade. Now, I won't bore you with all the medical jargon, but basically, if you've got a patient who's bleeding and their blood pressure is already on the lower side, ketamine can be a lifesaver. Literally. It helps keep their blood pressure stable so they don't go crashing into a hypotensive nightmare.

So, when it comes to choosing between propofol and ketamine, we gotta do this fancy risk-benefit analysis thingy. Trauma patients, for example, could benefit from ketamine because they're likely bleeding already and their blood pressure is already low. So, avoiding further drops in blood pressure is crucial, you see? But if you've got someone with coronary heart disease, ketamine might not be the best choice. See, the increased heart rate that comes with ketamine can put a strain on their already fragile heart, possibly leading to a heart attack. Not exactly what we want, right? But listen, I'm just scratching the surface here, there are a lot more factors to consider, but I hope you catch my drift. By the way, I bet you were a trauma patient when you had surgery, and that's probably why they considered ketamine. Sneaky, sneaky.

Now, let's address your second question - what happens if sh*t hits the fan and something life-threatening happens during anesthesia? Well, my friend, we manage it. Simple as that. Anesthesiologists are like the superheroes of medicine, armed with complex pharmacology and physiology training. We've got a whole box of tools, and we use 'em to keep our patients safe and unaware. And you know what? In emergencies, we don't mess around. We call for help, we get a second set of eyes on the situation, and we handle it like boss.

Oh, and here's a little fun fact for ya - patients aren't always fully awake at the end of a procedure. Nope, that decision is based on a bunch of factors that we take into account. We're judicious like that, you know?

Alright, folks, that's all she wrote! I hope this super informal and impolite response gave you some insight into your question. Trust me, I could go on, but I'll save you the agony of reading another 600 words. Stay curious, and keep those questions coming! Peace out!
------
Alright, here's my casual and impolite response to a new thread on a subreddit:

Man, I'm no expert on this stuff, but let me tell you what I think about it.

First off, the subjugation of women. Yeah, it sucks big time. But you know what? Christianity had its fair share of that too. Women were treated as second-class citizens in the Western world up until after World War II, which is like, 1950+. So let's not act like it's only a Chinese thing.

And foot-binding? Yeah, that shit was messed up. But honestly, no culture is perfect, am I right? Every society has its dark practices and traditions that make you wonder what the hell people were thinking.

Now, let's talk about arranged marriages. Turns out, Europe had a whole lot of those too. All those power struggles and claims for thrones and territories led to tons of arranged marriages. It was pretty damn common back in the day.

But hey, what's wrong with a no-fault divorce? If a couple doesn't love each other anymore, why should they stick together and make each other miserable? Let them end the marriage peacefully without creating unnecessary drama. Seems like the logical thing to do, right?

And concubines. Yeah, I've heard about that biblical story where Abraham took Hagar as his concubine because his wife was infertile. Talk about hypocrisy! But hey, religion has always been full of contradictions, so no surprises there.

Now, institutionalized polygamy. The Romans, man. They were all about the one-wife rule for Roman citizens. They believed in this republican and egalitarian crap (relatively speaking, of course). But other folks outside the empire had no problem with having multiple wives. And guess what? Early Christians were cool with it too! So much for their supposed moral superiority.

Pedophilia, huh? Look, I'm not saying it's right or anything, but back in the day, people didn't really have a concept of pedophilia like we do now. Life expectancy was sup
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I'm just a regular person, minding my own business and scrolling through Reddit when I stumble upon this new thread in one of my favorite subreddits. I can't help but feel compelled to share my recent frustrating experience with you all.

Last Sunday, I went out for dinner with a friend at this semi-posh restaurant. We've known each other since 7th grade, and we've always gone dutch when it comes to splitting the bill. It's been our thing for years, nothing out of the ordinary. We were attempting to have a nice evening, catching up and enjoying some good food.

As we placed our orders, everything was going smoothly until my friend decided to order a ridiculously expensive bottle of wine. She didn't even finish it, mind you, but that's besides the point. She offered me some, but I declined, explaining that I was trying to cut back on my drinking habits. It can be hard for me to stop once I start, so I figured it was best to avoid it altogether.

Fast forward to Tuesday morning and bam! I receive a payment request on Venmo for $65 from my friend. Confused, I immediately messaged her to clarify if it was a mistake. Here's how the conversation unfolded:

Me: Hey, did you send me the payment request by mistake?

Her: No, no.

Me: Alright, what is it for then?

Her: The wine we had on Sunday. I ordered a bottle for both of us, remember?

Me: Are you joking? I didn't even try any of it, you know that.

Her: No, it was a bottle, and everyone at the table is meant to split the cost.

Me: No way! I'm not paying more than what I already paid for my own food, especially for something I didn't even drink.

Her: *Proceeds to swear in Italian* Stop being a stingy jerk and just pay up. I don't wanna end our friendship over something so stupid.

Me: *Throws more Italian curses her way* Do you even realize how unreasonable you're being right now?

Her: I can't be friends with someone so cheap who doesn't understand basic dinner etiquette.

At this point, I'm at a loss for words. I haven't responded to her because I genuinely don't know what to say. This situation has completely blindsided me.

We've always received separate bills whenever we go out, and it has never been an issue before. So why all of a sudden am I expected to split the cost of something I didn't even order or drink? On top of that, we're both students, barely scraping by, and $65 is almost the amount I would spend on groceries for two whole weeks. I can't just ask my parents for more money because, for some strange reason, my friend has decided that I should foot the bill for her fancy wine.

Am I the asshole here for refusing to pay? I can't seem to wrap my head around how she's justifying her demands. Let me clarify a few things:

Firstly, I haven't been drinking since July, and my friend is well aware of this fact. It's not like I suddenly decided to abstain from alcohol without her knowledge.

Secondly, I didn't even tell her which wine to order. It was entirely her choice. Why on earth would I suggest a wine when I knew I wasn't going to have any?

Lastly, I can't help but wonder if her fianc is pressuring her to act this way. Maybe he questioned why her bill was so high, causing her to come after me for the extra cash. Just a wild assumption on my part, but who knows? I should probably stop speculating.

To sum it all up, we've always gone dutch, and now my friend is demanding that I pay for her indulgence. It's just baffling to me. I'm starting to question the dynamics of our friendship and whether it's worth maintaining. If she's willing to let something like this ruin our relationship, then maybe it wasn't as strong as I thought it was.

So yeah, that's my little rant for today. I'm still undecided about how to proceed. Any advice or input would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for letting me vent, Reddit.
------
Hey y'all, can we talk about this whole Russia election interference thing? I mean, seriously, where's the evidence? People keep going on about how Russia supposedly colluded with Trump to win the election, but I haven't seen anything concrete yet.

I mean, come on, the big "evidence" they keep throwing around is those damn Facebook ads. They spent like a measly 2,000 bucks on ads, which is pocket change compared to what I spend on my own online shopping addiction. And let's not forget, there were probably millions of Trump supporters who paid for their own ads too. So, how does that prove collusion?

And get this, those so-called Russian ads apparently favored both sides. Turns out they were just cashing in on political influence rather than trying to sway the election. So much for that theory, right?

Oh, and have you heard of RT? Yeah, it's that Russian propaganda network. Well, guess who their spokesman is? Lee Camp, a well-known leftist who hates Donald Trump. Doesn't sound like a bunch of colluding buddies to me.

So far, all we've got is a whole lot of nothing. No evidence that Russia actually had any impact on the election or even tried to make a big splash. And no evidence that Trump was involved in any shady dealings with them. It's kind of the opposite of what they're claiming, don't you think?

But hey, let's not forget about Hillary. We do have evidence that she and her campaign bought some Russian propaganda in the form of that phony dossier. Yep, she paid Russia and a British spy for some dirt to use against Trump. And guess what? They used it to try and influence the election and undermine the President. Treason much?

And before you start rambling about those Trump Tower meetings, chill. Nothing happened there. Trump Jr. was just following up on a lead about Hillary possibly breaking the law. But the meeting went nowhere, no info was exchanged. So, let's move along, shall we?

Oh, and those arrests and indictments everyone keeps talking about? Well, surprise, surprise, not a single person who ever worked for Trump was charged with collusion. The closest thing they got is Paul Manafort, who actually worked for a Democrat way back when. So much for that smoking gun, huh?

To sum it all up, there's no evidence that Russia influenced the election for Trump or that Trump colluded with them. But boy oh boy, there's a whole lot of evidence pointing towards the Dems and their little collusion party. And let's not forget about the cozy relationship between the Democrats and major media outlets.

So, there you have it folks, the real scoop. Now, I'm gonna sit back and watch the fireworks in the comments. Let the arguing begin!
------
Hey, what's up everyone? Just wanted to throw in my two cents about this whole Supreme Court nominee situation. Man, it's a total circus out there, am I right?

So, here's the deal. People are making a big fuss about whether we should automatically believe the allegations against Kavanaugh or not. But seriously, who are we kidding? We all know this is just a bunch of bogus partisan crap. I mean, come on, these allegations magically appear right when he's being considered for the highest court in the land? Give me a break!

And then there are those who say we should delay the vote and investigate further. Uh, hello? Innocent until proven guilty, anyone? Kavanaugh has been given the benefit of the doubt for decades, and suddenly now, he's some kind of evil sex maniac? Yeah, right.

These Democrats are just scared that if we dig deeper, we might find out that Kavanaugh is actually a great guy and confirm him. They don't want someone who can actually interpret the Constitution serving on the Supreme Court. Heaven forbid we have a justice who can read the damn thing!

Now, don't get me wrong, I get that this is a position with a lot of power. But who decided it should be a lifetime appointment? Oh yeah, not Trump's party. It's those sneaky Democrats who created this mess. And now they're playing dirty, manufacturing scandals left and right to discredit Kavanaugh. Can you say ad hominem, anyone?

I mean, seriously, we should be hiring a delivery boy instead of appointing someone for life to a position that has so much power. It's ridiculous! And to top it all off, these grave criminal charges suddenly surface from decades ago? Yeah, right. That's as fraudulent as it gets.

Look, I get that people say we should "hear more" before making a decision. But let's be real here. We've heard enough. This is just a ploy to delay and obstruct. Kavanaugh shouldn't have to respond to these baseless allegations, and he deserves to be confirmed. End of story.

So, let's stop the madness, people. Let's not fall for this partisan nonsense and focus on what really matters. Kavanaugh is innocent until proven guilty, and these allegations are nothing but a desperate attempt to keep him off the Supreme Court. It's time to see through the smoke and mirrors and do what's right. Confirm Kavanaugh and move on with our lives. Peace out!
------
Hey folks, so I have this chronic illness/genetic disorder that messes up my sleep real bad. It's like my joints just love to dislocate themselves out of the blue, leaving me in unbearable pain. And guess what? My crappy sleep actually led to me getting diagnosed with ADHD. Finally! I've been talking to my psych about this for ages, but they were so hung up on my childhood history and stuff.

Now here's the funny part, I didn't show any physical hyperactivity symptoms as a kid. But my doctor thinks it's because I had some issues with peripheral palsy. As an adult, though, the hyperactivity has gone haywire. I mean, I managed to dislocate my knee while it was locked up in an ortho boot. Why, you ask? Well, not fidgeting mentally hurt my brain more than physically hurting my knee. Isn't life just grand?

Anyway, I went for a sleep study at the hospital, hoping it would shed some light on my sleep troubles. But nope, they couldn't figure it out. Apparently, my sleep pattern is more like "painsomnia" rather than the narcoleptic one they were expecting because of my cataplexy. So now, I have to get a 5-day study done sometime in the future. Yay, waiting lists on public healthcare, right? It's gonna be fun.

But hey, at least I found out why I feel like I'm living in a different time zone altogether. You know, I run on a 28-hour circadian rhythm instead of the regular 24-hour one. It's like I'm living in a parallel universe or something.

Now, let me tell you, the worst thing about all this crap is the social aspect. I hate it when I finish talking to a friend, and two seconds later, I can't remember a damn thing we just discussed. It's like everything fades into thin air, and I'm left feeling like I dreamt the whole conversation. Talk about frustrating, right?

Oh, and don't get me started on how much of an asshole I become because of my constant interruptions and cutting people off mid-sentence. Trust me, I hate myself for it, and it's a constant battle trying to improve on that front.

And as if things couldn't get any worse, I recently moved house, and I put my old keys in a basket on the new mantle so I wouldn't lose them. Guess what? They're nowhere to be found. I've turned this new place upside down, unpacked every box, and suffered from excruciating pain in the process. But those damn keys are playing hide-and-seek with me. I need to hand them over to the old property manager tomorrow, or I'll be in some serious legal trouble. Even my partner remembers me putting them in the basket and reminding him about it, but we both can't find them now. What a freaking disaster!

Okay, rant over. Thanks for listening to my never-ending stream of complaints. Sometimes, you just gotta let it all out, right? Life can be one big shitshow, but we gotta keep pushing forward. Stay strong, my fellow Redditors, and may your keys never play silly games with you!
------
Look, I get that we all have different opinions, but seriously, I can't help but think you're way off here. Sex being a reward? Come on, man. That's just plain ridiculous. Sure, it feels good in the moment, but saying it drains you in the long run? That's a load of crap. Pleasure in life always comes with downsides, sure, but saying that sex is some kind of negative thing overall is just straight-up ignorant.

And don't even get me started on your whole humans vs animals argument. Yeah, we've evolved and built civilizations, but that doesn't mean we have to completely repress our primal instincts. It's called balance, dude. We can still enjoy sex and all the other good things in life without going full caveman.

Oh, and by the way, speaking of repression, I have no idea what you're on about with your ancestors and inventing things. Are you seriously suggesting that if they kept having sex in their caves all day, we wouldn't have advanced as a species? That's just some weird, twisted logic right there. Our progress as a society has nothing to do with repressing our sexual desires, it's about innovation, cooperation, and a whole lot of other factors you conveniently left out.

And what's this nonsense about our society being sex-crazed? Yeah, there's a lot of sexual content out there in Hollywood and music, but that doesn't mean everyone is obsessed with it. Sure, some people might struggle with addiction and other issues, but that doesn't mean we should demonize sex as a whole. It's a natural, healthy part of life, and acting like it's some kind of evil force just makes you sound like a prude.

But hey, if you want to keep believing that every ejaculation is a little death and that indulging in sexuality is a problem, go ahead. It's your opinion, even if it's a pretty messed up one. And yeah, addiction is a serious issue, but don't act like it's solely related to sex. People can be addicted to all sorts of things - drugs, alcohol, even food. It's not fair to single out sex as the root of all evil.

And seriously, comparing sex to drinking and drugs? That's just ridiculous. Sex is a natural, primal desire that's been around since the dawn of time. It's not some temporary pleasure like getting wasted or high. It's a fundamental part of human connection and intimacy. So don't go acting like it's on the same level as substance abuse.

In the end, do whatever makes you happy, man. If you want to repress your sexuality and believe that indulging in sex is shallow, that's your choice. But don't go trying to push your views on everyone else. Happiness is subjective, and as long as it's not hurting anyone, people should be able to pursue it however they want.

In conclusion, dude, you're entitled to your opinions, but seriously, rethink this whole sex-repression thing. It just comes across as judgmental and out of touch with reality. So let people enjoy what they enjoy and live their lives without your moralizing. Peace out.
------
Listen up, mate. I stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, your holier-than-thou attitude is really getting on my nerves. Who are you to judge what anyone else chooses to eat? Just because you've jumped on the vegan bandwagon doesn't mean the rest of us have to follow suit. So, let's break down your little rant, shall we?

First off, you claim that killing animals for food is "wrong" when we can get our grub from elsewhere. Well, newsflash genius, not everyone has the luxury of choosing where their food comes from. Some people rely on meat as a cheap and accessible source of nutrition. Ever thought about that? Probably not.

Then you have the audacity to suggest that the world would be better if no one ate meat. Seriously? Have you even considered the impact that would have on certain communities and economies? Livestock farming provides jobs and supports entire industries. But I guess you don't care about real-world consequences, do you? You're so focused on your own little bubble of morality.

And let's talk about these so-called environmental impacts. Yeah, I'm sure there are some negative effects, but guess what? Every single human activity has some sort of environmental impact. Are we gonna ban everything now? Should we stop driving cars, using electricity, and breathing too? Come on, man, get real!

Oh, and don't even get me started on the health impacts. Look, I get it, eating too much red meat might not be the best for you. But moderation is key, my friend. We don't need to completely cut it out of our diets. And as for your inhumane conditions argument, well, that's just a small part of the picture. Not all meat is produced under those conditions, ya know? But I guess you conveniently ignore that fact to fit your narrative.

You keep pushing this idea that if someone believes some aspects of meat production are wrong, then they should extend it to the whole system. But that's simply not how things work, buddy. We can acknowledge the problems and work towards solutions without going to extremes. It's called finding a balance, something you seem to struggle with.

And let's address this footage of slaughterhouses you keep harping on about. Look, I'm not saying every slaughterhouse is perfect, but have you ever thought about the fact that maybe those videos are cherry-picked to make the industry look bad? It's called propaganda, my dude. Don't believe everything you see on the internet.

You claim that causing harm to another being is selfish and immoral. Well, newsflash again, we live in a world where survival of the fittest is a thing. Animals eat other animals. It's nature, plain and simple. So don't come at me with your high and mighty morality. I'll enjoy my juicy steak while you nibble on your lettuce leaves.

And here's a reality check for you: I have no problem looking an animal in the eye as I prepare it for my plate. I grew up hunting and fishing, and let me tell you, there's nothing more satisfying than knowing where your food comes from and having a connection to the process. So save your judgment, pal.

Oh, and before I forget, I noticed how you conveniently sidestepped the part where you were advocating for treating people like crap just because they don't agree with your dietary choice. Real classy move, buddy. Practice what you preach, won't ya?

So, in conclusion, get off your high horse and stop trying to impose your beliefs on the rest of us. We're all entitled to our own choices and opinions. And if you truly want to make a difference, try engaging in a respectful conversation instead of spewing your self-righteous nonsense. Cheers!
------
Look, I get it. We all have our opinions and beliefs, but can we please have a civil discussion without resorting to insults and assumptions? It's really not that difficult.

Now, let's address some of the points you made. First of all, yes, it is well known that excessive consumption of refined sugars and overeating in general can have negative health effects. I don't think anyone would argue against that. However, to completely dismiss the potential health risks associated with meat consumption is simply ignorant.

Yes, processed meats have been classified as carcinogenic by the World Health Organization, but even red meat has been linked to an increased risk of certain types of cancer. And let's not forget about other health issues like heart disease and high cholesterol, which have also been linked to consuming too much meat.

You bring up the fact that some of the longest-lived populations in history eat meat regularly. While that may be true, it's important to consider other factors such as lifestyle, genetics, and overall diet. Just because a certain group of people eats meat and lives a long life doesn't mean that meat is the sole reason for their longevity.

Now, let's move on to your comments about the environment. Yes, it's true that there are many alternative transportation options that are more environmentally friendly than cars. Bicycles, trains, and other forms of public transportation are great alternatives. But not everyone has access to these options, and sometimes cars are necessary for certain individuals or situations.

And while it's commendable that you personally have made choices to reduce your plastic consumption and avoid certain products, it's unfair to expect everyone to do the same. We all have different priorities, circumstances, and limitations. Judging others for not making the same choices as you is both unproductive and disrespectful.

Lastly, let's address your assumption that anyone who eats meat is selfish and only cares about taste. That's a pretty bold statement to make. People have different dietary needs, cultural backgrounds, and personal preferences. Just because someone chooses to include meat in their diet doesn't automatically make them selfish or uncaring.

It's important to remember that we are all human beings with our own experiences, beliefs, and values. Engaging in a respectful and open-minded conversation can lead to a better understanding of each other's perspectives. So, let's drop the insults and work on having a more constructive discussion.
------
Alright, listen up folks! I can't believe we're still having this dumb discussion about clothes and harassment. It's mind-boggling how some people just can't grasp the concept that what you wear doesn't give anyone the right to harass or assault you. Seriously, it's not rocket science.

Let me break it down for you in simple terms. Just because someone finds you attractive or gets a little distracted by what you're wearing, doesn't mean it's okay for them to treat you like garbage. It's not your responsibility to control their urges and desires, and it's definitely not an excuse for them to violate your boundaries.

I mean, come on, are we seriously still blaming victims for the actions of predators? It's 2021, people! We've had decades of progress when it comes to understanding consent and personal autonomy. So, why are we still having this ridiculous argument?

Let me tell you something, it doesn't matter if someone is dressed in a skimpy outfit or covered head to toe in a burqa  nobody deserves to be touched, harassed, or violated without their consent. It's as simple as that. So, stop with this victim-blaming nonsense and start holding the actual perpetrators accountable for their actions.

And don't even get me started on this whole "men can't control themselves" excuse. Seriously, guys, grow up! You're not animals driven purely by instinct. You have brains, self-control, and the ability to make conscious decisions. So, stop acting like a bunch of hormonal teenagers and take responsibility for your own behavior.

Let me let you in on a little secret  women, men, non-binary folks, guess what? We all have desires and attractions. It's a part of being human. But you know what sets us apart from animals? The ability to control those desires and respect the boundaries of others.

So, please, spare us all your pathetic attempts to justify harassment based on clothing choices. It's not about what someone is wearing; it's about the respect and consent we owe to one another as fellow human beings.

And before some genius brings up the whole "evolutionary biology" argument, let me shut that down real quick. Just because our ancestors may have had certain instincts doesn't mean we're bound by them in the modern world. We have evolved, both socially and intellectually, and it's time to act like it.

So, next time you catch yourself blaming a victim or using someone's clothing as an excuse for harassment, take a moment to reflect on your own ignorance and entitlement. It's time to shift the blame where it truly belongs  on the perpetrators, not the victims.

In conclusion, let's stop perpetuating harmful stereotypes and victim-blaming narratives. It's time to create a society where everyone feels safe, regardless of what they choose to wear. And for those who still don't get it, well, I don't know what to tell you. Maybe it's time to reevaluate your priorities and educate yourselves on basic human decency.
------
Alright, let me start off by saying that I completely disagree with your statement about DSLRs being better than phones in only two categories: zoom and long exposure. It seems like you didn't even bother to read my previous posts where I clearly justified my statement. Come on, man, try to keep up!

Sure, a DSLR might cost you a few hundred bucks, but that doesn't automatically make it better than a Pixel 2 or an iPhone for everyday photography. And don't get me started on the advanced techniques you mentioned. Yeah, they might improve your photos, but they also require time and money. Lightroom and Photoshop ain't cheap, my friend.

And let's not forget that you mentioned a camera that is way worse than a Pixel or iPhone. The Canon T6? Seriously? It does a measly 3 frames per second burst with an 18MP sensor and an outdated image processor. Not to mention the crappy autofocus. That camera is definitely not on par with a Pixel or iPhone. I was actually talking about the SL2, which is a capable body with a good sensor and image processor, and it even has dual pixel autofocus for video (even though it's not 4K). Plus, it comes with the same old 18-55 kit lens that every camera brings. I used this camera myself, so I know its limitations. It can produce great results if you pair it with a good lens, but if you stick with the standard 18-55 kit lens, it's not gonna blow anyone away, especially if it's not the STM version.

Look, I'm not here to argue with you. If you prefer the T6 over an iPhone or Pixel 2 in most situations, that's fine by me. But next time you try to capture birds in flight or a kid blowing candles on their birthday or shoot sunsets with tons of foreground subjects with your 18-55 lens, just remember to use your phone as a backup. Trust me, I'm speaking from my own experience here.

Oh, and did you seriously say to discard video? What the actual heck, man? Are you telling me that the first steps of your kid shouldn't be captured on a DSLR? Give me a break, dude.

And finally, the best camera is the one you have with you. I own an iPhone 8+ and a Sony A7III, and guess what? Half of my photos are taken with my iPhone. My fancy camera kit is just sitting at home most days, gathering dust. Many amazing moments happen when all you have is your phone, so why not embrace it?

By the way, that Canon 500mm lens you mentioned costs around 9000 bucks. I'm assuming you were talking about those cheap Chinese alternatives. Please, for the love of photography, don't even mention them. Those things produce nothing but blur and flare, not actual images, unless you're in some perfect optimal conditions. And even then, they're as sharp as a butter knife.

And let's not forget your mention of the Canon 75-300 lens. Newsflash, buddy, it's not stabilized! There's a reason it's cheap. Sure, it may beat a phone without zoom, but it's severely limited. On APS-C, that's like having a 450mm zoom with no stabilizer. Unless you own a super stable tripod worth 300 bucks and you're shooting still subjects, do yourself a favor and get the 55-250 instead.

Seriously, just stop. Photography is my hobby, just like phones. I've owned and used many cameras over the years, and I stay informed about both. So, trust me when I say that you're off base here.

And one last thing, don't buy or recommend the T6 to anyone unless they're an absolute beginner who wants to test the waters of DSLRs. That camera will hold them back sooner rather than later, and then they'll end up spending more money to upgrade to an SL2 or even an 80D. Save them the trouble, man.
------
Wow, okay. First of all, calm down and take a breath. Your response is really blowing this whole thing out of proportion. I was simply trying to point out the irony in your argument, but instead, you're creating all this unnecessary drama.

Look, I get it. Language changes over time, phrases evolve, yada yada. But that doesn't mean we can't have discussions about it or express our opinions. And yes, I do find it amusing that you're defending a mistranslation as an example of how language evolves. I mean, come on, that's just silly.

And when I mentioned semantics, I was referring to your vague statement about me tripping over "semantics." If you're going to call someone out for linguistic precision, at least be specific about what exactly I'm getting wrong. Otherwise, it just sounds like you're trying to sound smarter than you actually are.

Now, let's address your claim that I think every language on the planet is composed of degenerate words and phrases. Seriously? Talk about straw man arguments. I never said anything close to that. I actually appreciate the beauty and creativity in language evolution. English is a prime example of that. So don't put words in my mouth.

And let's not forget about Shakespeare. Yes, he introduced many new words and phrases to the English language. But here's the thing: he was a genius. Not everyone has the same level of linguistic prowess as Shakespeare, so we can't just go around inventing words left and right. That's not how language works for us mere mortals.

And no, I'm not striving to freeze language in place. That's a completely exaggerated claim. I just believe that we should strive for clarity and understanding in our communication. If that means being mindful of how words and phrases are used, then so be it. It's not about resisting change, it's about maintaining some sort of standard so we can all understand each other.

So please, stop trying to shame me for expressing my opinion. I'm not claiming to be an authority on the subject, just sharing my thoughts. And hey, guess what? That's what forums like this are for - discussion and differing perspectives. So instead of getting all defensive and attacking me, why don't we have a civilized conversation about it?

In conclusion, let's all take a step back and remember that we're just casual Reddit users. We're not language scholars or experts. We're just here to have fun, share ideas, and maybe learn something along the way. So let's keep it light, shall we?
------
Hey guys, I need some advice on a weird situation with our elderly neighbors. So my husband has been doing odd jobs for some of the seniors in our condo building, and he recently helped out this lovely couple in their 80s. They are always smiling, chat with us, and seem like really nice people.

We've always felt bad for them because they don't have kids and seem to be living a modest lifestyle. But here's where it gets strange. My husband went over to their unit to replace some door knobs, and he noticed a couple of things that raised some questions.

First, he found out that their nephew owns the unit and lets them stay there for very little or nothing. He also brings them groceries and keeps in touch with them regularly. Now, this got us wondering how they can afford to shop at a fancy department store. Their bedrooms were filled with shopping bags from the same store, which is not a cheap place to shop. It's confusing because we've seen them at the mall before, but assumed they were just walking around for exercise.

After he finished the job, my husband told them the cost for the work and said they can pay whenever they can. But when he counted the money at home, they had actually given him double the amount he had asked for. He immediately went back to return the extra cash, but the wife insisted that it was a "tip" for him.

Now we're really perplexed. Are they financially comfortable and just spending their money frivolously? Or are they actually struggling but still managing to shop at expensive stores? It's hard to gauge their financial situation since our encounters with them are pretty brief. We don't want to assume anything, but it's definitely concerning.

My husband feels guilty about taking so much money from them for such a simple job. He's planning to go back next week to replace the other knob and hopes to talk to them more to try and figure out what's going on. We don't know their nephew and don't have any way to contact him without directly asking the couple, which could be awkward.

We're not sure what to do at this point. We don't want to be intrusive, but we're genuinely worried about them. Should we keep an eye on them and see if anything else seems off? Is there anything else we can do to help without prying too much?

We're open to any advice or suggestions you guys might have. We just want to make sure our neighbors are okay and not being taken advantage of. Thanks in advance for your help!
------
First of all, let me just say that I didn't think you were actually going to respond. So thanks for surprising me there. I appreciate it. Now, let's get down to business.

So, Arya taking Jaime's face and killing Cersei, huh? That's an interesting theory you got there. I gotta admit, I never really considered it before. But hey, I love theories, no matter how outlandish they may be. Well, maybe not too outlandish, but you know what I mean.

But here's the thing, I've consciously tried to avoid comparing A Song of Ice and Fire with Lord of the Rings. It's like comparing apples and oranges, you know? They're both great in their own ways. So when you bring up the whole reforging a sword premise, it kind of unsettles me a bit.

I mean, isn't it possible that George R.R. Martin would deliberately avoid using the same idea as Tolkien? I don't think he wants to be accused of ripping off Tolkien or anything. This is his masterpiece, his contribution to the fantasy genre that will make him "immortal" just like Tolkien. So, I always assumed he would try to be as original as possible. Maybe I was wrong, who knows?

But I have to admit, there could be some merit in plunging a sword into a lion's heart to forge Lightbringer. And wouldn't it be cool if Oathkeeper and Widow's Wail were reforged into a new sword? Or maybe even given a new name altogether? Now that would be something.

But here's where I hit a roadblock. Why would Arya kill Jaime? I get it, Lannisters and Starks don't exactly get along. But Arya is just a kid, or at least a very young player in the game of thrones. She's not exactly sophisticated when it comes to politics. So why would she suddenly gain this knowledge and decide to kill Jaime?

And here's my main problem with that. Jaime has been on quite the redemption arc throughout the story. I think he has a crucial role to play in the future of Westeros. Erasing (or killing) Jaime would just throw everything off balance, you know?

His transformation has been one of the most interesting to watch. The big payoff, story-wise, would be if Jaime remembers what he had to do to save the people of King's Landing the first time and actively tries to avoid making the same mistake by staying away from Cersei the second time.

This is a pivotal moment for Jaime and for the story as a whole. If you take away his autonomy by making him blindly loyal to Cersei, then the whole story becomes predictable, like a long line of fantasy tales we've seen before. But if he rejects Cersei and embraces his own agency, making a decision based on what's best for Westeros, then that's something worth exploring.

Given the chance, I believe Jaime would kill Cersei, especially if she's about to unleash wildfire upon King's Landing. Especially if Cersei forces his hand, which she undoubtedly would. It just makes more sense for the story, you know?

And let me tell you, it would be epic for the person who has used and manipulated Jaime all along, the person he's trusted and shared an incestuous relationship with, to be brought down by the very person she thought she had complete control over. Talk about poetic justice, my friend.

So yeah, in my opinion, this outcome would serve the story much better than Arya killing Jaime and stealing his face to kill Cersei. Because there's a history of lies and deceit from Cersei. She's been playing Jaime since they were children. It's just fitting that the person she's used and manipulated is the one who ultimately brings her down.

Alright, that's all I got to say about that. What do you guys think? Am I onto something here, or am I just rambling like a madman? Let's hear your thoughts!
------
Alright, listen up y'all. I gotta get something off my chest about this whole Beto O'Rourke situation. I keep hearing all these folks say that if everyone who voted for Hillary Clinton had voted for Beto, he would've won by a landslide. Well, let me tell you, that's a load of bullcrap.

First off, Beto's whole strategy is all about turnout. He's going after Democrats in areas that haven't seen a blue candidate in ages. And guess what? It's working. That's why he's gaining so much damn momentum. So don't come at me with this nonsense about him not doing what he should be doing.

And can we talk about Wendy Davis for a minute? That woman tried to appeal to Republican voters and wound up embarrassing herself in the governor's race. We don't need another repeat of that disaster. And don't even get me started on Lupe Valdez. Yeah, she won the primary, but let's be real, she couldn't campaign her way out of a paper bag. The governorship isn't even a high priority target, so it's not like it's all on Beto to convert Republicans.

I swear, people are spreading all this random shit about Beto screwing up other races, but it's just a bunch of sour grapes from folks who can't stand the fact that he's becoming a national Democratic icon. It's all just jealousy, plain and simple.

But don't just take my word for it, go read the plan on his website. It lays out in black and white how he's gonna win this thing. Look at the facts, people. Elections aren't won by these elusive "swing voters" that everyone keeps talking about. No, they're won by getting non-voters off their lazy asses and into the damn voting booths.

Take Texas, for example. Yeah, I know it's supposedly a red state, but that's a load of hogwash. The truth is, Texas is a non-voting state. Most folks couldn't give two shits about politics. They gotta be convinced that voting actually matters. And that's where Beto's strategy comes in.

Let me break it down for y'all. In 2016, Trump won Texas by 9 points. But get this, only 60 percent of registered voters actually showed up to vote. That means less than a third of registered voters actually voted for Trump. And in the midterms, it's even worse. In 2014, Abbott won by a whopping 20 point margin, but less than a third of registered voters bothered to hit the polls. That's less than 20 percent of registered voters supporting Abbott.

Now, I don't know about y'all, but that sounds like a damn opportunity to me. It's not about convincing folks which party to support, it's about convincing them to vote at all. So if we can find those likely non-voters and figure out how the hell to get them to the damn voting booths, we can flip this state upside down.

And guess what? Beto's got a plan for that. It's all about organizing more volunteers, knocking on more doors, making more phone calls, sending more text messages, and talking to more voters than any campaign in Texas history. It's not rocket science, folks, but it's science-backed and proven to increase voter turnout.

So quit your whining about Beto messing things up for other races. He knows what he's doing. This man is energizing the Democratic base like no one else has done in decades. It's time to rally behind him and make some damn history. Let's show Texas and the rest of the damn country that we're ready for a change. End of rant.
------
Hey guys, 
So I see a lot of people asking questions about Diablo 3, and I thought I'd give my two cents on some of the main aspects of the game. Now, keep in mind that this is just my opinion, so take it with a grain of salt.

First off, let's talk about raids and instances. Well, to be honest, Diablo 3 doesn't really have raids or instances like you might expect. The closest thing you'll get to that is rifts and greater rifts. Now, rifts are basically just a series of floors that you clear out to fill a meter and summon a boss. It's not exactly the most exciting or dynamic gameplay, but hey, it's something. And if you're looking for a bit more challenge, you can try out ubers, which are supposedly "harder" versions of bosses you've faced before. But honestly, it's just a portal that sends you to fight two of these bosses at a time. And to make matters worse, you can only have a party of up to 4 players. So yeah, not exactly the most thrilling experience.

Now let's move on to PvP. Oh wait, we don't speak of such things in Diablo 3. It was a huge thing in Diablo 2 and was promised and delayed numerous times for Diablo 3. But guess what? It never actually happened. You can go to Act 1 and find a barbarian in the lower left corner of the town who will let you "brawl" against other player characters. But let's be real, no one does this. And I'm pretty sure most players don't even know it exists. PvP in Diablo 3 is basically just about who gets the first hit. Your characters become so overpowered that they'll all one-shot each other. Way to go, Blizzard! But hey, there are some YouTube videos out there of some Russian guys who made a variant that looks pretty neat and scales skills appropriately. So maybe, just maybe, there's still hope for PvP in Diablo 3.

Moving on to the open-world aspect of the game. Yeah, sorry to burst your bubble, but Diablo 3 doesn't have an open-world. Each game you play is a little world unto itself, containing acts 1 to 5. The maps are generated on a tile-based system, so things aren't always in the same place each time you play. But let's not kid ourselves, Act 1 is always New Tristram, Act 2 is always the Caldeum desert, and so on. The waypoints are always in the same spots, but the tiles in each waypoint get shifted around. So yeah, not exactly the most expansive and immersive open-world experience.

Now let's address the infamous Reaper of Souls expansion. Is it necessary? Well, I personally don't think so. However, I must admit that your experience will be vastly improved if you do get Reaper of Souls. In my opinion, I'd say definitely get it. But maybe don't buy the Rise of the Necromancer pack unless you've been playing for a few weeks, still really enjoy the game, and want to check out the necromancer class and items. Quick note, Rise of the Necromancer just adds the necromancer class and items, while Reaper of Souls adds levels 61 to 70 and all the maps and content for those levels. So yeah, it's up to you whether you want to invest in the expansion or not.

And here's a final note for you all. Diablo 3 was moved to Blizzard classics about a year ago, so don't expect any major updates going forward. As much as I love the game, the player population has definitely dwindled over the years. Sure, there's always a spike of returning and new players at the start of each season, but that spike only lasts for about a week before the player population dies back down. Don't get me wrong, the game isn't dead, but if you're looking for a thriving and active community, you'll mostly find it around the start and maybe the end of the ladder seasons. Season 15 just started this past Friday, so jump in if you want, but keep in mind that it will likely run for a few months.

Alright folks, those are my thoughts on Diablo 3. Remember, this is just my opinion, so feel free to see what others have to say. But personally, I love the game and have been playing it since closed-beta. So take that for what it's worth. Happy demon slaying!
------
Wow, okay. I can tell you're really passionate about this topic, but there's definitely a more respectful way to express your opinion. Let me give it a shot:

Hey, OP, I have to say, I disagree with your argument here. It seems like you haven't really taken the time to address the flaws in your logic. Instead of providing a well thought-out response, you just dismiss any criticism and resort to name-calling. That's not really conducive to a productive discussion, is it?

I mean, come on, you made a pretty obvious fallacy and yet you refuse to acknowledge it. It's frustrating because I genuinely want to engage with your ideas, but you're not giving me much to work with. Can we at least have some substantial arguments instead of just brushing everything off?

Also, let's not pretend like you're the only one who understands mathematical proofs. I might not be an expert, but I do have some knowledge in that area. So, it's a bit condescending for you to assume that only you are capable of having a valid perspective.

I don't understand why you keep avoiding addressing the points that have been raised. It's like you're purposely avoiding any meaningful discussion. For example, when I pointed out the post hoc fallacy in your argument and explained why it was flawed, you simply dismissed it without providing any counterarguments. How can we have a proper conversation if you're not willing to engage?

And seriously, correlation does not imply causation. That's a basic principle that even non-experts understand. So, it's disappointing that you would try to use that as a basis for your argument.

Sure, maybe I don't know what "proof by contradiction" or "if, then" statements are, but that doesn't automatically invalidate my points. Instead of attacking my knowledge, why not explain those concepts to me? That way, we can actually have a productive discussion and maybe even reach a better understanding.

Look, I get it, there are multiple variables to consider in this situation, but that doesn't mean we should ignore them. Just because the logic you presented is based on an "if p, then q" statement doesn't mean it's flawless. We need to take into account all the relevant factors to truly understand the issue at hand.

Lastly, let's not resort to insults and derogatory comments. It doesn't help anyone and only detracts from the conversation. We should focus on the arguments and ideas presented, rather than attacking each other personally.

In conclusion, I believe there are flaws in your logic and I'd appreciate it if we could have a respectful and substantive discussion about this topic.
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! So I stumbled upon this thread and thought I'd chime in with my two cents. Now, keep in mind that I'm just your regular casual Reddit user, so take what I say with a grain of salt. But let's get real here, American culture is a hot mess. It's like a melting pot of randomness and contradictions. 

Let's start with fashion. Honestly, most Americans dress like they just rolled out of bed and couldn't be bothered to put any effort into their outfits. We're not all walking around in cowboy hats and boots, that's just some Texas stereotype that the rest of us laugh at. And don't even get me started on those rednecks who think a stained wifebeater is a legitimate outfit for a night out.

Speaking of stereotypes, let's talk about nationalism. Yeah, Americans can be pretty damn patriotic, sometimes to a fault. Bald eagles, flag-waving, and cheesy rock songs playing in the background. It's like we're compensating for something, if you know what I mean. And don't even get me started on those cringeworthy 4th of July celebrations. The excessive fireworks and BBQs are just an excuse for us to drink cheap beer and pretend we're super patriotic.

Now, let's address the elephant in the roomracism. Look, I'm not saying all Americans are racist, but we definitely have a colorful past when it comes to race relations. Sure, progress has been made, but let's not pretend like we've completely eradicated racism. There are still plenty of ignorant folks out there who judge others based on the color of their skin. But hey, at least we have laws against it, right?

Oh, and guns. We love our guns. Seriously, it's like an obsession. We cling to the Second Amendment like it's our holy grail. Sure, some people argue that it's about self-defense and protecting ourselves from tyrannical governments, but let's be real, it's mostly just an excuse for some power-hungry folks to strut around like they're in an action movie. And yes, I said power-hungry, because who really needs a damn arsenal in their basement?

Moving on to the military. Look, I get it, we're proud of our military and all that jazz. But seriously, can we stop with the hero worship already? Not everyone who serves is automatically a saint, and not every military action is justified. We need to have some serious conversations about our role in the world and whether all these wars and interventions are really necessary. But hey, at least we have some kickass military-themed movies to make us feel better about it, right?

And speaking of movies, can we talk about the entertainment industry? Hollywood is like our national treasure. We churn out movies and TV shows like there's no tomorrow. From mindless blockbusters to pretentious indie films, we've got it all. And the music scene? Well, it's a mixed bag, to say the least. We've got everything from catchy pop tunes to soul-crushing country ballads. Take your pick!

Oh, and let's not forget about sports. We may have our flaws, but we dominate the world of professional basketball, no doubt about it. American football and baseball are pretty big too, while soccer (or football if you're not from the States) is slowly gaining some traction. But let's be real, nothing gets Americans more riled up than a good old-fashioned Super Bowl or World Series.

Alright, I think I've rambled on enough for now. These are just a few random thoughts I had while scrolling through this subreddit. Don't take what I said too seriously, though. After all, I'm just a casual Reddit user, what do I know? Anyway, carry on with your discussions, everyone!
------
Are you seriously suggesting that the defense funding of countries like the UK or Germany comes from the US and not those countries themselves? Wow, talk about being clueless. Let me break it down for you, my friend. The Americans are definitely paying a portion of the defense costs of many European nations, but they ain't getting much in return for it. These payments come in different forms, like direct military aid payments, contributions to NATO, ongoing military deployments, and other programs. 

Now, let's talk about NATO. You seem to think that NATO is free and its members don't pay anything towards it. Seriously? What color is the sky in your world? NATO has a budget, my friend. In 2018 alone, it was over a whopping $1.5 billion. And guess who's paying nearly a quarter of that amount? Yep, you guessed it, the good old US of A. The Americans are forking out a substantial chunk of change to keep NATO alive and kicking. But hey, I guess you believe that Russian troops won't be invading Alaska like they did Ukraine and Georgia, right? And even if they did, do you really think most of the individual NATO nations would honor their commitment? Hah, that's a good one. They'd probably just sit around and complain while the Americans do all the heavy lifting.

And let's not forget the infamous 2% spending guideline. It's supposed to be an agreement among NATO nations that they will aim to spend that amount on self-defense. But guess what? After more than a decade, the average amount spent by these so-called allies remains a pitiful 1.3%. That's right, folks, they can't even meet their own agreed-upon goal. Oh sure, we can forgive tiny economies like Slovenia and Albania for struggling, but what's Germany and France's excuse? These powerhouse economies should be able to step up their game, especially when Greece and Poland are managing to get the job done. It's about time these Europeans stop relying on the Americans like a bunch of freeloading moochers and start taking responsibility for their own defense.

And here comes another genius who claims that EU countries' defense isn't funded by the US. Well, buddy, I hate to break it to you, but you're dead wrong. I'm no moron, and I've shown here in great detail that American funds are partially if not significantly contributing to the EU's defense. Only someone with zero brain cells can't see that.

Now, you ask why we shouldn't get rid of NATO if Europe supposedly doesn't need it. Well, my friend, if you really believe that, then I say let's do it. Let the Europeans foot the bill for their own defense, and we'll take care of ours. And the next time shit hits the fan in the old world, we'll see how well they cope without their precious Mercedes and fancy French wine. Good luck with that, my European friends. Udachi, vam eto ponadobitsia! To the uninformed, that means "good luck, you're gonna need it" in Russian. Yeah, I know, I'm throwing some shade, but sometimes the truth hurts, right? Tovarishch!

*Edited to remove a reference to a prohibited source, although it contained accurate information. Can't have people getting their facts straight, can we? Ugh.*
------
yo thanks for replying, but to be honest, I kinda think you're missing the mark on a few things here. Like, I get that everyone's got their own perspective and stuff, but I don't think it's fair to say that people who don't understand suicidal thoughts are just trying to cope or whatever. Maybe they just genuinely can't relate, you know? It's not their fault.

And about that Dr. Black dude, I don't see him denying mental suffering at all. Like, sure, he uses the phrase "significant stressors," but I think he's still acknowledging the mental anguish that people go through. I guess I get why you have a different reading, but I just don't see it that way.

But let me tell you, I'm not buying into this whole idea that outsiders need to judge how much someone is suffering. Like, come on, man! Only the person going through it knows how bad it really is. We live in a messed up reality, that's for sure, but that doesn't mean others should get to decide if someone's pain is enough to justify suicide. That's just messed up.

And don't even get me started on your critique about using outsiders' judgment. Sorry, but I don't buy it. Our perceptions might be flawed, sure, but that doesn't mean someone else gets to tell you how much you can handle. It's your life, your pain, your decision. Simple as that.

Back to the whole Dr. Black thing, I still think his second paragraph applies, no matter what kind of suffering you're going through. And he's smart not to use words like "healthy" because that just disrespects everyone's pain. So props to him for that.

Look, at the end of the day, I still stand by my point that suicide without malicious intent can be unethical, depending on the situation. But honestly, it feels like we're mostly on the same page here. We're just arguing over some little details. So, thanks for taking the time to read my thoughts. English isn't my first language, so sorry if I messed anything up. But I gotta say, it was kinda fun talking about this.
------
Hey y'all, I was just scrolling through this subreddit and thought I'd drop some tea on what I found out about the queens from previous seasons. You know, just in case you missed it or need a refresher. But let me warn you, some of this stuff might make you roll your eyes or raise an eyebrow.

First off, let's talk about Rebecca. Apparently, she came off as calculated and slightly fake around the other queens. But who knows if it's all an act or if she's just shy? It's hard to say. Moving on, Ongina left for a few hours during a mini challenge to attend a court hearing. And get this, she won a whopping 20 minutes on the commercial. Talk about making the most of your time, girl!

Oh, and did you know that these queens used to sneak out at night to hang together? Miss PAS would even float outside the hall and bring them food like tacos. That's some next-level commitment to friendship right there. And speaking of commitment, Tammie confirmed that she did two takes of Break the Dawn. She stood in place for the first take, not even dancing. Honestly, she said she didn't like the song and didn't feel like entertaining them. Gotta give her props for staying true to herself.

Now, here's some gossip about what the queens are up to outside of Drag Race. Ongina thinks Rebecca is working in retail again. Not that there's anything wrong with that, of course. But hey, it's always interesting to know what they're doing post-show. Shannel, on the other hand, loved being on the show and even confirmed that the headpiece falling off was intentional. Talk about turning a wardrobe malfunction into a moment, am I right?

And guess what? Michelle Williams, yes, the Destiny's Child Michelle Williams, called Akashia "a messy man." Can you believe it? I mean, I can't help but giggle imagining her saying that. Moving on to another queen, Porkchop was pushing so hard to be on All Stars 2 because she thought she had a chance. Turns out, she was crushed when she didn't get invited. Poor Porkchop, she really wanted that redemption.

Now, let me spill the tea on some behind-the-scenes drama. Apparently, big names like Chad Michaels' family turned down the show. Ongina did too at first, but after being followed around by a "minion" for a week, she caved and made a 30-minute tape. I mean, who wouldn't want to be on Drag Race, right? But here's the kicker  the show was originally supposed to be drag queens and their judys. Everyone auditioned with their best friend who would be their assistant. But last minute, they changed their minds and said they only wanted drag queens. Talk about leaving some of the queens hanging, especially when it came to sewing skills.

Okay, now let's shift our focus to some juicy drama from other seasons. Ru apparently told the Season 4 cast off camera to "keep your fucking wigs and shoes on!!!" Can you imagine the chaos that must have been happening backstage for Ru to say that? And speaking of wigs and shoes, Michelle pointed to Willam in Episode 2 as an example of someone who doesn't take off her shoes or adjust her posture. But then, a few days later, the judges read her for being "robotic" and creepy. Ouch, that's gotta sting.

But hey, it's not all drama and shade. Shannel actually thanked Willam and Alaska over the phone for showing that drag queens don't have to be pretty. Willam was gagged by the shade, and honestly, I can't blame her. And last but not least, Santino seems to be bothered by something. Who knows what's going on in his head, but I'm here for the drama.

Alright, that's all the tea I have for now. But let me tell you, being a casual Reddit user has its perks. You stumble upon some interesting stuff, that's for sure. So, if you're into this kind of gossip, keep scrolling and stay tuned for more juicy tidbits from the world of Drag Race!
------
Look, I hate to break it to you, but your post is just a mess. It's full of baseless insults and arrogant claims without any evidence to back them up. You're acting as if you're some sort of intellectual superior, but you haven't actually provided any substantial arguments to support your position.

First of all, let's talk about your claim that I haven't criticized how you structure your logic. Well, the truth is, your logic is flawed and I did point that out. But instead of addressing my criticisms, you just brushed them off and went on a rant about how I'm delusional and arrogant. That's not how a rational discussion works.

You also seem to think that because you have an understanding of mathematical proofs, you're automatically right and infallible. Well, guess what? Understanding mathematical proofs doesn't make you an expert in every field. Your fallacy is clear, yet you refuse to acknowledge it. It's like you're living in denial.

And then you have the audacity to claim that I don't have anything substantial to say. Seriously? Did you even read my comments? I explained why your post hoc fallacy is flawed and how you didn't rule out other variables that could affect the result. But you just dismissed my arguments without any valid counterpoints. If you continue to ignore my comments, then of course you won't see any substantial arguments. That's on you.

You also seem to have this weird fascination with "proof by contradiction" and "if, then" statements. But guess what? They're not always applicable, especially when there are multiple variables at play. Just because you don't understand this concept doesn't mean I'm wrong. And no, I didn't say correlation implies causation, so stop putting words in my mouth.

And don't even get me started on your condescending remark about logic classes. So in your logic classes, you were taught that post hoc fallacy is perfectly fine? I highly doubt that. It's either you made that up or you have a terrible teacher. Either way, it doesn't give you the right to act all high and mighty.

Lastly, your comment about not bothering with the rest of my post is just a cop-out. It's a clear indication that you don't have any valid rebuttals and you're just resorting to insults. If anyone here is spouting garbage, it's you.

So, before you go around claiming that you're the intellectual superior, maybe take a step back and actually address the valid criticisms that have been presented to you. Until then, your post holds no weight and is nothing more than a pointless, impolite rant.
------
Okay, so here's my response to this post. First of all, let me just say that I think you're completely missing the point. Sure, you can argue about scaling up production and adjusting both sides of the equation, but let's be real here - do you really think that's gonna solve everything? I highly doubt it.

You bring up water scarcity as a potential issue, but then you start talking about water desalination like it's some magical solution that's gonna save us all. Well, newsflash buddy, desalination ain't cheap. And who's gonna foot the bill for that? The average person? Yeah, right. So unless you've got a way to make it affordable for everyone, I don't see how that's gonna solve anything.

And what about antibiotic resistance? You act like it's not related to scaling up production, but come on now. The more we produce, the more we're gonna need antibiotics to keep things in check. And guess what? The more antibiotics we use, the more resistant bacteria become. It's a vicious cycle, my friend. So don't try to tell me that increasing production won't make the situation worse, because it most certainly will.

And let's not forget about CO2 emissions. You say I need to be more concrete about this, but really, it's pretty simple. We're pumping way too much CO2 into the atmosphere, and it's causing temperatures to rise. That's not hyperbolic or intangible, that's just plain science. And if you're okay with shorelines disappearing and species going extinct, well, that's your problem. But don't expect the rest of us to be cool with that.

You mention cold fusion as a potential solution to our energy needs, but come on now, that's just wishful thinking. We've been hearing about cold fusion for years, and yet, here we are, still relying on fossil fuels. So forgive me if I'm a little skeptical about your belief in the power of future technology. I mean, let's be honest, technology has its limitations, and it's not gonna save us all.

You accuse me of committing the logical fallacy of the chicken or the egg, but honestly, I think you're the one guilty of that. Just because we don't have the technology currently doesn't mean we won't have it in the future? Really? That's your argument? Sorry, but that just doesn't hold water. If we want to solve the problems we're facing, we can't just sit around and wait for some magical technology to appear. We need to take action now, and that includes making changes to our diets.

And speaking of diets, let's talk about your comparison to abstinence and STDs. Seriously? That's the best analogy you could come up with? Look, I get it, compromising our diets might not be the most ideal solution, but sometimes you gotta make sacrifices for the greater good. We're talking about the future of our planet here, not just our own personal satisfaction.

So yeah, maybe it's time to wake up and realize that we can't just keep living the way we are. We need to start making changes, and that includes reevaluating our diets. Maybe it won't be easy, and maybe it won't be perfect, but it's a hell of a lot better than doing nothing and hoping that technology will magically save us.
------
Hey guys, finally decided to share my progress pics with you all! Here's the link: <url>.

So, let me give you a little background first. I've been working out on and off for years, but I always struggled with my diet, lack of discipline, intensity, and volume. My ex-girlfriend was a big influence on that. She would always want to eat out and drink, and she didn't like guys with muscles or six-packs. Can you believe that? Anyway, after we broke up, I made the decision to finally commit myself to getting the body I've always wanted.

I'm 29 years old and 5'11 tall. My progress timeline goes something like this: I did a slow clean bulk for about six months, going from 155lbs to 177lbs. Then, I cut for another four months, bringing my weight back down to 155lbs.

In terms of my routine, I started with the PHAT program, then switched to PPL, and eventually went back to PHAT during my cut. I'm all about complex freeweight movements and I stay away from machines. When you're lifting, there should be a moment that scares the crap out of you. That moment where you're thinking, "Holy sh*t, can I really lift this?" You have to find that extra grit to hit those numbers. No change will come with a pedestrian mentality.

And let's talk about measuring everything. Weight, body fat percentage, calories, rest periods, sets, lifts, reps - it all needs to be written down. Setting standards is important so you have something to beat next time you hit the gym. These numbers will also be super helpful when you want to track your progress in the future.

I use a simple pair of calipers to measure my body fat percentage, but honestly, it's more about comparing yourself to last week or last month than getting an accurate number. It's all about the progress, not the precise percentage.

Now, let's get into the right mentality. If you want to stop looking skinnyfat and start looking fit, you have to become a fit person. It's not just a temporary thing, it's a permanent change. You have to become a new person with new habits and values. And let me tell you, you need a primal "F you" mentality when you lift. Feel that fire inside you screaming, "This weight ain't nothing, you stupid piece of sh*t!" Trust me, it helps.

And speaking of lifting, the numbers have to go up. You have to beat your own high score from last week, again and again. But don't cheat yourself by lowering the range of motion, taking longer breaks, or using momentum. Stick to proper form and do it the right way.

Now, let's talk about diet. During my bulk, I added 500 calories to my TDEE, and during my cut, I subtracted 500 calories. I also used an EC stack to boost my metabolism. But here's the thing, forget about all the fad diets and low carb vs. high carb debates. Just skip the sugar and fast food and focus on what helps you stick to your goals. Don't make your diet too restrictive, or else you'll likely give up. Find a few tasty meals that align with your TDEE needs and eat them daily. It saves you from having to do all the math and measurements constantly.

For example, here's what I ate while cutting:

- Meal 1: 5 eggs, 2 slices of toast, 1 glass of Fresca.
- Meal 2: 2 toasts, 2 tbsp peanut butter, 2 bananas.
- Meal 3: Whey protein with water + a cup of oats.
- Meal 4 (pre-workout): 1 banana. (post-workout): 1 banana, 1 scoop of whey.
- Meal 5: Veggie burrito with boiled spinach, corn, beans, and Newman's black bean salsa. So good!
- Snack if needed: Pickles. They're filling and low in calories.

And let's not forget about lift numbers! When I was around 165lbs, I had my best numbers. Unfortunately, I don't have records of my starting numbers, but to give you an idea:

- Deadlift: 420lbs x 1
- Squat: 295lbs x 9
- Dumbbell bench: 100lbs x 10 (barbell messes with my shoulders)

To sum it all up, the journey to progress is not easy, but it's worth it. If you want to see real changes, you have to put in the work both in the gym and in the kitchen. Remember, it's not just about looking good for an hour, a day, or a month. It's about becoming a new person with new habits and values. Keep pushing yourself, set new standards, and always strive to beat your own high score. And most importantly, enjoy the process!

TL;DR: Check out my progress pics here: <url>. I finally committed to getting the body I've always wanted after struggling with diet and lack of discipline. I followed a slow clean bulk and cut, measured everything, and had a "F you" mentality during lifting. Forget about fad diets and focus on what helps you stick to your goals. Here's what I ate while cutting: <meal details>. Lift numbers: deadlift - 420lbs x 1, squat - 295lbs x 9, dumbbell bench - 100lbs x 10. It's not an easy journey, but it's worth it. Keep pushing and enjoy the process!
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I gotta share some crazy shit that went down recently. So, my college actually hit me up about this TA from a previous class who was trying to get with me and then stopped helping me out when he realized it wasn't happening. Turns out, someone else reported his sorry ass too. They reached out to me for a statement because they knew I had something to say. Can you believe this dude was still pulling the same crap on other people?

But wait, there's more! This married guy I interned with at another company actually sent me some angry and threatening texts because of an Instagram post I made that tagged his sorry ass. Pretty sure I caused some major problems in his marriage, but hey, he shouldn't have been hitting on me in the first place, right? Now I gotta be extra careful when I'm leaving my apartment and going anywhere. Thinking about reporting his sorry ass to the police because those texts were straight-up threatening.

And get this, a few other people I tagged in that post had the audacity to text me and call me out for not keeping private conversations private. Like, seriously? I just ignored all those messages. Ain't got time for that drama.

Now, let me fill you in on this morning's HR meeting. Man, I was ready to storm in there and defend myself like a boss. I had all these damn sources from the company handbook to back me up. According to that handbook, I didn't violate any social media policy since I didn't pretend to speak on behalf of the company or spill any confidential shit. I mean, I never even mentioned the company in my post, so they can't touch me on that.

I was also prepared to defend how I followed the guidelines for reporting sexual harassment. I reported that creep who kept harassing me, but only the repeated shit. The handbook specifically said that a one-time ask-out wasn't considered harassment. So, I thought I had it all covered, right?

But, surprise surprise, the meeting was way more low-key than I expected. I took down both posts beforehand as a gesture of goodwill, although deep down I knew it wouldn't mean squat.

I walked into that room and asked if I could record the meeting just to cover my own ass. The HR rep, let's call her Beth, agreed. She wanted to discuss each person I posted screenshots of from work. Just to clarify, those screenshots made up less than a third of what I had. So, we jump right into it.

First up was coworker 1, the scumbag I previously reported to HR. Turns out, he saw those posts and thought our "no contact" agreement applied to me too. Um, hello? We never had any kind of written or verbal agreement, so I shut that shit down real quick. Beth asked if he continued harassing or contacting me after my original report, and I told her no. Moving on swiftly.

Then came coworker 2, who got fired a while back for unrelated reasons. Beth still asked if there was any other conflict between us, apart from those damn text messages. I set the record straight once again, saying nope, no other issues.

She asked the same question about coworker 3. Now, this dude sent me some threatening texts on Saturday, throwing around slurs about my sexuality. I gave Beth a printout of those messages and she promptly stepped out to show her manager. When she returned, she kept the conversation going.

We repeated the process for coworker 4. I informed her that he hadn't contacted me after he called me a bitch for leaving him on "read". Classic, right?

Finally, Beth asked if I had any questions. I straight up asked her what the next steps were gonna be. She mentioned that she would have asked me to take down the posts so they could handle things discreetly, but guess what? I had already removed them before the meeting. Suck on that, haters!

She also mentioned that she would be meeting with coworkers 1 and 4 again. Oh, and get this, coworker 3 got fired on the spot for his threatening comments. Turns out he had a reputation for his temper, and this incident was the final straw. Serves his sorry ass right!

Beth also wanted to know why I didn't bring coworkers 2, 3, and 4 to her attention earlier. So, I whipped out the company handbook and quoted the section on harassment. I reminded her that isolated incidents don't usually count as harassment unless they're extreme. Those three idiots were one-time offenders, so I didn't think it was necessary to report them.

She then suggested I take a personal day for the rest of the day while she talks to coworkers 1 and 4. She wanted me to know that I wasn't being dismissed or anything, it was just a precautionary measure to keep me away from them in case they wanted to confront me. I gladly accepted that offer, I mean, who wouldn't want a day off from dealing with workplace drama?

So, that's where I'm at right now, folks. Had my little HR pow-wow and things seem to be somewhat under control. Stay tuned for more updates!

TL;DR - Had a meeting with HR and spilled the tea on those creeps I exposed on social media. Turns out, I didn't violate any policies, and one of the jerks got fired on the spot. HR's got my back, and I even get a personal day to avoid any confrontations. Life's looking a bit better now. Peace out!
------
Alright, here's my informal and impolite post on a new thread in a subreddit:

> Okay, let's talk about freaking snipers and why they need to be nerfed ASAP. Seriously, is there any damn way to counter a decent sniper besides being another damn sniper or having an ubercharge? It's freaking ridiculous!

And you know what would actually make things better? If Spy wasn't so bloody useless at higher skill levels. I mean, come on, give the guy some freaking options to get around without just tiptoeing around invisible like a weirdo. How about a freaking grappling hook? Yeah, that would make Spy a way better counter to those snipers and people might actually consider playing him to take those bastards down.

And speaking of counters, remember when the Ambassador was actually useful? Yeah, that thing was a godsend when it came to countering snipers. Snipers always had their damn razorbacks or had buddies and sentries protecting them, but the Ambassador could still dish out some pain. A good headshot, even just 102 damage, would make those snipers think twice before noscoping your sorry ass. And hey, if the spy was lucky, he could go for another headshot or a couple of body shots and take the sniper down before going invisible and running away.

But nooooo, they had to nerf the Spy. They said it's because he's supposed to be all sneaky and punishing for those idiots who don't pay attention. Sure, that's one way to look at it. But it's just an opinion, not a fact. If Spy has to be stuck as a surprise kill class, then why the hell aren't other classes with subclasses getting nerfed to oblivion? Demoknights and Trolldiers, for example. They both originated from explosives classes, so according to their logic, we should nerf the Market Gardener and Demo shields too, right?

And to the person who mentioned that Spy should stick to his role, let me tell you something. Spy's role isn't just about backstabbing unsuspecting fools. It's also about cleaning up low health targets. That's why Spy can see the enemies' freaking health. It gives him an advantage in the battlefield, so he can easily spot who's low on health and easy to take down. And you know what fits this role perfectly? The Ambassador. Hitting a headshot once is already a damn challenge, but hitting a second one on someone who knows you're there and starts actively dodging your sorry ass? That's a freaking nightmare! So being able to do 102 damage with the Ambassador on retreating weakened enemies fulfills one of Spy's roles perfectly.

Oh, but wait, you're complaining that the Ambassador turned Spy into a mini Scout? Seriously? Sure, he was good at medium to long distances, almost like a medium distance sniper. But if you really want to see Spy play like a damn Scout, just watch h.a.r.d play Spy. That dude literally plays Spy like a freaking Scout, using the Dead Ringer, the Spycicle, and the revolver instead of the Ambassador. So if your problem is that the gunspy playstyle turns Spy into a Scout, well, mate, you're looking at the wrong damn weapon. Look at the Dead Ringer instead of blaming the poor old Ambassador.

There you have it, my not-so-friendly post on a subreddit thread.
------
Alright, listen up, folks. I stumbled upon this thread and I just can't help myself but jump in and set the record straight. Y'all got it all twisted up in here, so let me break it down for you.

First things first, let's address this whole confession debacle. Look, confessions are not meant to be subjective, okay? They're not like some twisted game of moral gymnastics where you can just throw in random reasons to justify someone's evil plan. This chick straight up admitted she wanted to kill Carol and the champions. That's it! Her lame excuse about blaming Carol doesn't change a damn thing. Don't try to twist it around to make Carol look like the villain when she isn't.

And before you get your panties in a bunch, let me clarify something real quick. Just because I'm defending Carol doesn't mean I'm defending Civil War 2. That trainwreck of an event is a whole different story. It's trying so damn hard to paint Carol as a monster, but guess what? She ain't done shit wrong! Seriously, within the context of the universe, the story, everything, all she did was play bad cop for a minute against a suspected terrorist who turned out to be a legit terrorist! Where's the problem here?

You know what really grinds my gears? All these haters spewing lies about Carol. "She killed Rhodey! She killed Bruce! She threw people into concentration camps!" Bullcrap, I say! Absolute bullcrap! None of that happened! And don't even get me started on the accusations that she tried to arrest Miles at the Capitol building without trials or oversight. Total garbage! Allison Greene was innocent, my foot! These claims are just people trying to turn Carol Danvers into a freaking monster, and it's driving me nuts!

Clearly, we're going around in circles here because we have different interpretations of who Allison Greene really is. You're busy blaming Carol for someone else's actions, while I'm here stating that Greene is a grown-ass woman responsible for her own heinous decisions. She was a terrorist from the get-go, plain and simple. So let's just agree to disagree on that, alright?

Now, let's get to the facts. We've got three undeniable points here, folks. Pay attention:

1. Carol did NOT kill James Rhodes. Got it? Stop spreading that nonsense!

2. Carol did NOT kill Bruce Banner. Seriously, how many times do we have to repeat this?

3. Tony Stark, bless his heart, actually started the whole damn conflict when he attacked the Triskelion like a crazy person. Talk about an act of terrorism! And let's not forget how he later tried to off Carol. Real classy move, Tony. Real classy.

These are plain and simple facts, no matter how crappy this event was. And trust me, it had its fair share of flaws. It failed to represent both sides accurately, had no clue what profiling is, messed up explaining Ulysses powers, and relied way too much on some other shitty event to sell issues. But guess what? Even with all those problems, Carol Danvers is NOT the bad guy here! No matter how hard the story tries to shove it down our throats, Tony is the true villain. End of story.

So, unless we can come to some sort of consensus on these three facts, I don't see what else there is to talk about. Let's get our priorities straight, people!
------
Alright, so first of all, I gotta say, I didn't actually expect anyone to reply to my post, so thanks for that. It's cool to see some theories floatin' around, even if they're a bit outlandish. Keeps things interesting, right?

Now onto your theory about Arya taking Jaime's face and killing Cersei. Gotta admit, it's an interesting idea, but I'm not completely sold on it. I mean, I've always tried to keep Lord of the Rings out of my mind when it comes to A Song of Ice and Fire. Ya know, kinda like separate 'em in my head. So, the whole reforging a sword thing, it kinda rattled me a bit.

I never really thought George would use the same premise as Tolkien, ya know? Like, he wouldn't wanna be accused of biting his style or anything. A Song of Ice and Fire is George's baby, his masterpiece. He's gotta make his mark on the fantasy genre and establish himself as a legend, just like Tolkien. So, I always assumed he'd steer clear of anything too similar. Maybe I shouldn't have been so damn confident in that assumption. Who knows?

But hey, I gotta admit, plunging a sword into a lion's heart sounds pretty badass. And if that leads to Lightbringer, even better! Especially if he takes Oathkeeper and Widow's Wail and forges 'em into a new sword, maybe even with a cool-ass name. That'd be sick!

Now, here's where I start to question your theory. Arya killing Jaime? I don't know, man. I get it, Starks and Lannisters have their issues, but Arya's still a kid, or at least a young player in this whole game of thrones thing. She ain't exactly politically savvy, ya feel me? But let's say she somehow gains the knowledge or whatever and decides to off Jaime.

That's where I run into a problem. Jaime's got a redemption arc goin' on. I think he's got a role to play in the future of Westeros, you know? Erasing him, killing him off, that just doesn't sit right with me.

His transformation has been one of the most interesting things in this whole damn story. The payoff, the big moment, is when Jaime remembers what he did to save the people of King's Landing before and actively chooses not to make that same mistake by sticking around Cersei. That's a major crossroad for him and the whole damn story.

If you take away his autonomy by making him blindly loyal to Cersei, it just ruins everything. It becomes predictable, like every other generic fantasy story out there. But if he rejects Cersei and embraces his own agency, making decisions based on what's best for Westeros, I think he'd ultimately end up killing her. Especially if she's about to go all pyromaniac with wildfire. Especially if Cersei forces his hand, like she always does.

That outcome would serve the story so much better, in my humble opinion. Don't get me wrong, Arya's a badass, and she definitely wants to take down the queen. But having the person who's used and manipulated Jaime, the person he's trusted and had an incestuous relationship with (yeah, I know, messed up), be brought down by the person she thought she had complete control over? That shit's epic, man.

It's a way better payoff than Arya killing Jaime and stealing his face to finish Cersei off. Because there's a whole web of lies and deceit from Cersei, using Jaime since they were damn kids. It's just poetic justice that the person who's been used and manipulated is the one to end her reign. That's the real deal, my friends.

So, yeah, that's my take on the whole Arya killing Cersei situation. Honestly, can't wait to see what actually goes down in the books. George better not let us down, that's all I'm sayin'.
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I'm an atheist, no surprises there. I don't believe in any of the supernatural mumbo jumbo like God, the afterlife, or prayer. But there's one thing that I'm still on the fence about: free will. Yeah, I know it sounds contradictory, but hear me out.

When I talk about free will versus determinism, I'm talking about whether our actions are truly influenced by our own conscious decisions or if they're just predetermined by the universe. Let's imagine a hypothetical scenario where the universe gets a do-over, everything exactly the same as it is now. Would I still be here writing this post, or would things have turned out slightly differently due to the actions of conscious beings? That's the crux of the debate.

You've got the determinists who argue that everything is predestined. If you rewind the universe, replay it all over again, we'd end up with the exact same outcome. It's like our actions are just following a script written by the laws of the universe. On the other hand, you've got the free will folks who believe that our choices actually make a difference. They say that if you hit that replay button, things could change because of the actions we consciously take.

Now, what really grinds my gears is that most atheists I've come across tend to lean towards determinism. I get it, it aligns with their disbelief in a higher power controlling everything. But here's the kicker  some Christians are split on this too! Some believe in free will, others in determinism. And guess what? They both think the other side is just plain wrong. It's hilarious, really. You've got one Christian accusing me of being a brain-controlled slave, while another Christian claims that atheists think we're all just accidents. Talk about contradictions within a belief system!

I mean, wouldn't it be a riot if those two Christians actually sat down and debated free will? They both think the other side is a bunch of godless lunatics, even though they're both on different sides of the fence. Look, I'm not using this as proof that Christians are clueless or anything. Every group has its internal disagreements. I just find it amusing how they both think the grass is greener on the other side.

And let me tell you, these Christians do contradict each other when it comes to free will. Take my mom, for example. She had job offers in two different states after college. She chose Virginia, met my dad, and BAM! Here I am. But if free will is true, she could have easily gone to New York, never crossed paths with my dad, and I wouldn't exist. Someone else might, but it wouldn't be me. Can you wrap your head around that? On the other hand, if determinism is true, then no matter how many times you hit that reset button, she'd always end up in Virginia, marrying my dad, and popping out little ol' me. It's like she doesn't really have a choice, she's just a puppet to her brain chemistry. Both scenarios sound ridiculous, but one of them has to be true. It's like anything can sound ridiculous if you spin it the right way.

Now, here's the kicker. Even if we live in a deterministic universe, life still has an element of chance. I was born in a free country, to stable parents, in a middle-class setting. No major health issues, no abuse, nothing. I hit the jackpot, and I didn't do a damn thing to earn it. Meanwhile, there are people out there who deserve a loving home more than I do, but they'll never get it. It's like life is playing a cruel game of chance, even if there's a God with a master plan. So, even in their perfect little plan, there are still "happy accidents."

So, there you have it. Free will versus determinism  a mind-boggling debate that even has the religious folks at each other's throats. It's a wild ride, my friends. Who knows what the truth really is? Just remember, in this crazy world, you might just be a byproduct of chance. Chew on that for a while.
------
Bro, what the hell are you even talking about? I can't help but laugh at your clueless post. All that bailout shit with Freddie and Fanny happened when good ol' Bush and his gang were in charge. Yeah, you heard me right, the Republicans who held absolute power for most of the time leading up to it. They crashed the damn economy with their messed up economic policies, and you're here trying to rewrite history like you know what you're talking about. Get your facts straight, fam.

Let me break it down for you since you obviously need a lesson in reality. The federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac was all about putting those government-sponsored enterprises into conservatorship by the U.S. Treasury in September 2008. This was just one event in a whole mess of subprime mortgage crisis stuff that was going on.

And guess what? The guy who made the announcement, James B. Lockhart III, was the director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) under Bush's administration. So don't go pointing fingers at anyone else, bro. It was their decision, fully supported by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, who straight up said that conservatorship was the only way they would throw taxpayer money at those screwed up GSEs. He even blamed the whole thing on the flawed business model of Fannie and Freddie, plus the ongoing housing correction. So there you have it, straight from the horse's mouth.

But let's not forget how Fannie and Freddie got into trouble in the first place. Oh yeah, it was because Bush and his Republican buddies decided it was a great idea to get them involved in some risky practices under the 2003 American Downpayment Act. They basically relaxed all the rules for homebuying, like proving your income and not needing a downpayment. And surprise, surprise, that led to the whole damn collapse. So maybe instead of blaming everyone else, you should take a good look at your beloved Republicans and their legislating intervention. They're the ones who caused this economic shitshow, my friend. Learn your history before you start spewing nonsense.

And don't even get me started on Trump and his tax cuts. That dude managed to add more federal debt in one year than we've seen in the past 200 years. Yeah, you heard me right again. In 2017 alone, when Trump was president for almost the whole damn year and the Republicans had control of Congress, they added a whopping $497.8 billion to the public debt and $666.3 billion to the gross federal debt. That's more than the entire debt accumulated by the end of 1976. So spare me the Trump worship, okay?

I could keep dropping truth bombs on you, bro, but I think you get the point. So next time, before you decide to rewrite history and spread your clueless non-factual crap, maybe you should actually learn what the hell you're talking about. Take a good look at the real facts, educate yourself, and then we can have a proper conversation. Until then, save us all the headache and keep your pretend play time to yourself.

Here are some sources to help you out, since you clearly need them:

- [URL 1]
- [URL 2]
- [URL 3]

Now do us all a favor and delete your ridiculous post. Peace out!
------
Hey, listen up, folks! I can't help but notice all this talk about Russia and their supposed influence on the election. Seriously, what evidence do you have? A few measly Facebook ads? Give me a break! I spend more money on my daily coffee than those ads cost. And let's not forget that there were probably millions of Trump supporters who paid for their own ads too. So, where's the big deal?

Oh, and did you know that those so-called "Russian" ads actually ran for both sides? Yeah, turns out they were just trying to make some quick cash by selling off political influence. It's all about the money, baby! So, tell me again how Russia was trying to influence the election. I'm waiting.

And don't even get me started on RT, the Russian propaganda network. Their spokesperson is Lee Camp, a clear leftist who openly hates Donald Trump. Yeah, real collusion going on there! Can we move on already?

Now, let's talk about evidence. We've got zilch, nada, nothing. No evidence that Russia had any actual impact on the election or that they even tried to. And as for Trump colluding with Russia, there's absolutely no proof of that either. No evidence of Trump giving anything to them or vice versa. It's actually the complete opposite of what the liberal media wants you to believe.

But hey, hold on a second. If we're talking about collusion, we should really be looking at Hillary Clinton and her campaign. They straight up purchased Russian propaganda in the form of that phony dossier. Yeah, you heard me right. Hillary paid Russia and a British spy for some good old-fashioned Russian influence. Talk about treason!

And before you start yammering about those infamous Trump Tower meetings, let me set the record straight. Nothing happened! Zero, zip, nada. It was just Trump Jr. following up on a lead, trying to find out if Hillary had done anything illegal. But guess what? The meeting was a total dud. Trump Jr. got nothing from the lawyer, and the lawyer got nothing from him. End of story.

Oh, and by the way, let's not forget that no one who ever worked for Trump has been indicted for Russian collusion. The one closest to it was Paul Manafort, and he was lobbying for Ukraine while working for Democrat Tony Podesta ages before he even joined Trump's team. So, tell me again how Trump's inner circle colluded with Russia? I'll wait.

So, to sum it all up, there's no evidence that Russia influenced the election in favor of Trump. None. And there's certainly no evidence of Trump colluding with Russia. But boy, oh boy, do we have evidence of collusion by the Dems. Just look at Hillary and her little Russian dossier escapade. And let's not forget the cozy relationship between the Democrats and the mainstream media. Collusion at its finest.

So, next time you want to push this whole Russian narrative, think again. The evidence is pretty clear: no smoke, no fire. It's time to focus on things that actually matter and stop wasting our time with baseless accusations. Peace out.
------
Okay, so let me get this straight. You're telling me that the Golden Company, this group of supposed badass mercenaries, is just playing both Jon Connington and "Faegon" for fools? And not only that, but they're keeping this big secret from their entire army too? Yeah, right.

Let's start with this whole blackfyre nonsense. Apparently, Jon Connington is all gung-ho about supporting his friend Rhaegar's son, no matter what. But wait a minute, how does he even know that Faegon is actually Rhaegar's son? I mean, in most versions of this theory, Faegon himself thinks he's a legit Targaryen. So are we really supposed to believe that the Golden Company has somehow pulled the wool over both of their eyes? 

But here's where things really start to fall apart. The Golden Company isn't made up of just a handful of dudes. We're talking about 10,000 men here, with hundreds of Westerosi knights and thousands of commoners. And apparently, all of them are on board with this whole Blackfyre cause, even though most of them probably joined up after Robert's Rebellion and have no real ties to these Blackfyre people. Yeah, sure.

So let's say for a second that the whole army knows the truth about Faegon being a Blackfyre. Do you really think they'd be able to keep that secret? I mean, come on. Soldiers talk. Secrets get out. It's just human nature. And if the truth were to come out, what then? Would the whole army just be like, "Oh well, we've been fighting for the wrong dude this whole time, but who cares? Let's keep on fighting!" It's laughable.

And speaking of secrets, what about Jon Connington himself? He was a member of the Golden Company, right? So how exactly do all these other officers know about the plot without him knowing? Did they just conveniently leave him out of the loop? Seems pretty unlikely to me.

And let's not forget about this whole business with Viserys. The Golden Company supposedly spurned him once already, but now they're planning to team up with Daenerys and Faegon? So which is it? Do they care about the Targaryen name or not? It's all just a bunch of contradictions.

In the end, I think Illyrio had it right when he told Tyrion that the whole Blackfyre thing is dead and buried. These people just want to get back to Westeros and grab some power and wealth for themselves. It's as simple as that.

So yeah, call me cynical, but I wouldn't be surprised if this whole "mummer's dragon" and "rusted dragon" business turns out to be nothing more than smoke and mirrors. Maybe only Varys and Illyrio actually know who Faegon really is, and the rest of the world, including the Golden Company, just thinks he's a Targaryen. It would make a lot more sense, if you ask me.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a casual Reddit user scrolling through this subreddit. Take my words with a grain of salt. Or don't. It's your call. Just don't come crying to me when this whole theory blows up in your face.
------
Yo, listen up y'all! Let's talk about this whole intelligence thing. I gotta say, measuring someone's smarts based on just one task is a big ol' joke. There's way more to it than that. We gotta test people on all sorts of stuff, like verbal comprehension, logic, math, and spatial reasoning, to get a better idea of their overall brain power.

Now, here's the crazy part. When you look at a whole bunch of people taking different tests, you start noticing a trend. Those who excel in one area tend to do pretty well in others too. It's like there's some kinda general intelligence floating around that helps us tackle all kinds of mental challenges. They call it "g" for short, which stands for general intelligence in case you didn't know.

But you know what? Testing intelligence ain't gonna tell you if someone has those so-called "smart genes." No sir, it's not that straightforward. We know genes play a role, 'bout 70% or so. So if you're super smart or not so bright, genetics got their grubby paws on that. The other 30% is all about how you were brought up, what you ate, and how much schooling you had.

Now, hold up. Don't go thinking that we got all the answers when it comes to which specific genes make you a smarty-pants. That's a whole different ball game, my friend. Figuring out which genes are responsible for intelligence is like tryna find a needle in a haystack. It's way harder than trying to figure out why some states have more smokers than others. There's just so many factors in play, and some might only have an effect in certain situations. It's a wild ride, trust me.

So, long story short, intelligence ain't just about acing one task. Nah, we gotta test folks on all sorts of problems to get a more accurate picture. And even then, we can't pinpoint exactly which genes are responsible for your brainpower. It's a messy business, but hey, that's what bioinformatics is all about, right?

Hope that clears things up a bit. Stay curious, y'all!
------
Alright, here goes nothing. Keep in mind that this is an impolite and informal post on a hypothetical subreddit.

Alright, people, I gotta get something off my chest. It blows my mind how some idiots out there actually think Kobe Bryant is better than MJ. Are you kidding me? There's barely any evidence to support that claim. Let's compare these guys to some other legends, shall we?

First off, we've got Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, the all-time leading scorer, 6-time NBA champion, and a 6-time MVP. Now that's some serious resume right there. And then we have LeBron James, the all-time leading playoff scorer, statistical god, and a member of the all-time NBA team. These guys are in a league of their own.

But Kobe? Oh, please. He's just a cheap knock-off of MJ. Same position, same pure scoring role, same coach, same system. Only difference? Kobe couldn't live up to MJ's greatness. Saying Kobe is better than MJ is like saying a mouldy apple tastes better than a fresh one. It's just plain ridiculous.

And let me tell you, it takes a special kind of ignorance to believe that garbage. Seriously, Kobe stans are the absolute worst. Celtics fans don't argue that Bird is better than MJ. Spurs fans don't claim Duncan is better either. Hell, even Lakers fans, who have Magic Johnson on their side, don't make that ludicrous claim. It's only the Kobe stans who are delusional and biased.

Now, people try to defend Kobe by saying he didn't have any help. Well, guess what? That's irrelevant. Take a look at his shooting percentages. Throughout his career, Kobe shot a pathetic 34% from three on 4 attempts per game. Meanwhile, Durant, yeah, that guy shoots 38% on 4.8 attempts per game. Let that sink in.

Even if we consider the defensive era Kobe played in, his percentages don't change much. Still shooting 34% on 4.4 attempts. That's worse than Durant, my friends. So, Kobe's "best years" argument? It holds no water. He'd still be a worse shooter than Durant even with good spacing. 

And don't even get me started on the Westbrook excuse. In 2009, when the defense was just as tough, Kobe had Pau Gasol scoring 19 points per game on 57% shooting, Andrew Bynum with 14 points per game on 56% shooting, and the third-best offense in the league. And guess what? Kobe's shooting from three? A measly 35% on 4 attempts. Pathetic.

Now, Durant in 2009 had rookie Westbrook, who, let's face it, wasn't that great back then. And the team had the 29th best offense in the league. Yet Durant shot a solid 42% from three on 3 attempts. So, tell me, how does rookie Westbrook and a crappy offense provide more attention and spacing than what Kobe had? It's irrelevant, my friends.

Oh, and by the way, Kobe is also worse than Durant from beyond the arc in the playoffs. So yeah, anyone who thought otherwise really jumped the gun on that one. Just wanted to set the record straight here, folks. Kobe may have had some highlights, but he's no MJ, and he sure as hell ain't Durant. End of story.

Okay, rant over. Sorry if I offended any sensitive Kobe fans out there, but you gotta admit, the truth hurts sometimes. Peace out!
------
Yo, what's up guys? So, let's talk about this whole Gerry Thompson protest thing. I gotta say, I'm not surprised at all that he's calling out Wizards of the Coast for not paying professional players a living wage. Like, seriously, if you're gonna sell the dream of playing on the Pro Tour, you better make it freaking worth it, right?

I mean, come on, let's look at other esports for a second. Dota 2's annual tournament has given out like 25 million dollars in the past two years. That's insane! Top players in that game are making hundreds of thousands of dollars annually. Take Kuro Takhasomi, for example. That dude made over 600K dollars in just one year! And that's not even counting the money Hearthstone players are raking in. Did you know that 28 people have already made over 100K playing that game? And that's just in tournaments! They got streaming and other opportunities to make extra dough too.

Now, let's compare that to the top Magic players. Don't get me wrong, these guys are definitely making a good chunk of change. But when you consider their careers and the number of events they've played, it's not as impressive as it seems. Sure, Paulo Vitor Damo da Rosa made almost 500K dollars, but that's over 15 years of playing professionally. That's only around 33K a year, bro! And even the closest player to hitting that 40K mark, Yuuya Watanabe, still falls short.

And don't even get me started on all the costs these players have to deal with. Traveling, buying cards, it all adds up, man. Plus, streaming in Magic isn't as lucrative as in other games. Only a select few can expect to make between 30K and 40K a year, and even then, it's only for a limited time. They'll eventually have to move on to something else.

So yeah, I totally agree with Gerry's point that the message from WotC is "don't waste your time." It's just not realistic to think you can make a living out of playing Magic professionally. And that's why Gerry and others are saying the dream is dead.

But will his protest actually make WotC change their ways? Who knows, man. It's hard to say. But I'd love to hear what you guys think about it. Are we just wasting our time hoping for a better future for pro Magic players? Let's chat in the comments!
------
Alright, here's my casual and impolite response to this hypothetical Reddit post:

First of all, dude, calm the hell down. It sounds like you're just trying to justify your own actions here and make yourself look like the innocent victim. Newsflash: nobody cares about your unrequited crush or your little friendship drama. So why the hell are you wasting everyone's time with this long-ass post?

Let's break this down, because apparently you need it spelled out for you. Hank didn't threaten you with a restraining order, he just called to let you know that Mia was overreacting and freaking out. And honestly, can you blame her? You seem like the kind of person who can't take a hint. Maybe she just doesn't want anything to do with you anymore, and you need to accept that.

And speaking of unrequited love, dude, get real. You had a crush on her for three whole months? Wow, big frickin' deal. That's not even close to "unrequited love." It's called having a temporary infatuation. And guess what? She didn't feel the same way, so get over it. It happens to the best of us. Maybe next time, try not to get so attached after just a few months. It's not healthy.

Oh, and let's not forget the classic excuse of blaming Mia for everything. Seriously? Blaming her for your falling out is like blaming Helen for the fall of Troy? Are you high or something? It's called taking responsibility for your own damn actions. Maybe if you weren't so clingy and possessive, things would have turned out differently. But no, it's easier to just blame Mia, right?

And now you're trying to argue that other people agree with you? Well, guess what, buddy? Other people might see things differently. Just because your little group of friends witnessed the events doesn't mean they all agree with your twisted version of the story. Maybe they're just too polite to call you out on your bullshit. Or maybe they're just tired of hearing you whine and complain about Mia all the time.

Oh, and let's not forget your epic tale of "friends without benefits." Wow, you and Mia texted daily and spent a lot of time together? Congrats, bro, that's what friends do. It doesn't mean there's some deep, unspoken romantic connection between you two. Friends can be close without hooking up, you know. It's called having boundaries and respecting them. Maybe if you had understood that from the beginning, you wouldn't be in this mess.

And seriously, who the hell cares if Hank liked the same girl as you? Is that against the rules or something? No, it's not. But what is against the rules is being a sneaky little backstabber who cuts off his friends just because they're interested in someone he likes. Sounds like you have some serious double standards, my friend. Maybe you should take a good hard look in the mirror before you start pointing fingers.

And finally, let's address the stalking creep accusation. Who the hell are you trying to fool? It's pretty clear from your own words that you've been snooping around and keeping tabs on Mia. Seeing her on dating apps? Yeah, real smooth. That's definitely not creepy at all. It's creepy as hell, and you need to take responsibility for your actions. Stop playing the victim and own up to your own mistakes.

So there you have it, folks. Just another self-absorbed, delusional Redditor looking for validation and sympathy. Well, sorry to burst your bubble, but you won't find it here. Maybe it's time for some self-reflection and personal growth instead of whining about your failed friendship. Good luck with that. You'll need it.
------
Alright, here goes nothing. Brace yourself for a truly informal and impolite response. But hey, that's what you asked for, right? So here it is, my uncensored opinion:

Dude, seriously? What the hell are you even talking about? Miracles, cheat codes, physical laws... I'm so lost right now. I mean, do you actually believe in this stuff? Are you one of those religious fanatics who thinks God is playing a massive multiplayer game with cheat codes? Because that's just ridiculous.

And don't even get me started on your whole "infinite possible worlds" argument. I mean, come on! This isn't some science fiction movie where we have a multiverse or something. We live in the real world, my friend. And there's only one universe, period. I don't care how many real numbers you throw at me, it doesn't change the fact that there's only one freaking universe.

And let's talk about these miracles for a second. You really think people back in the day witnessed miracles? Like, for real? Okay, fine, maybe they saw some crazy stuff they couldn't explain, but that doesn't mean it was a miracle from some higher power. It could have been a total coincidence or just some natural phenomenon they didn't understand.

But hey, if you want to believe in all that supernatural mumbo jumbo, go right ahead. Just don't expect me to buy into it. I'm all about the facts and evidence, not some ancient religious texts and people's interpretations of them. I mean, seriously, how can anyone take that stuff seriously in this day and age?

And what's up with this whole "God setting up physical laws" thing? Are you saying God is some kind of scientist who tinkers with the laws of physics? That's just laughable. Look, if there is a God, I highly doubt he's sitting up there making sure everything works perfectly. I mean, have you seen the state of the world lately? Yeah, if that's perfection, then I'll pass.

So, to sum it all up, I think this whole conversation is just a bunch of nonsense. Miracles, cheat codes, infinite worlds... it's all just a load of crap. I'll stick to living in the real world and relying on science and reason, thank you very much. But hey, if believing in miracles and cheat codes makes you happy, then more power to you. Just don't expect me to join your little fantasy world.

Alright, rant over. I hope you enjoyed my completely informal and impolite response. But hey, you asked for it!
------
Hey, what the hell are you even talking about? Your argument is all over the place and you clearly have no clue what you're saying. I mean, seriously, do you even know how to use proper grammar and punctuation? Because it sure doesn't seem like it.

First of all, your little rant about uniqueness is just plain stupid. Yes, there are 7 billion people in the world, but that doesn't mean we're all unique. Just because our genetics and fingerprints are different, it doesn't make us these special snowflakes. We're all just a bunch of average Joes trying to make our way through life. Get over yourself.

And what's with this obsession with comedy? Yeah, sure, unique perspectives can be funny, but it's not like we need them to survive or anything. There's plenty of comedy out there that isn't based on some genius, one-of-a-kind idea. Ever heard of fart jokes? Yeah, those aren't exactly the epitome of uniqueness, but people still laugh at them. So your whole argument about comedy and uniqueness being intertwined is just a load of crap.

And don't even get me started on your whole "artists, musicians, engineers struggle to learn" nonsense. Sure, they may have to learn from others before they can come up with their own stuff, but that doesn't mean they're automatically unique. They're just copying what someone else has already done and putting their own spin on it. It's not like they're reinventing the wheel or anything.

And you know what really grinds my gears? Your constant bashing of "leeches" and "intellectual zombies." Who the hell do you think you are? Just because someone's job involves analyzing data or regurgitating information doesn't make them a leech. Maybe they're actually contributing something useful to society, unlike you and your nonsensical ramblings.

And don't even get me started on your conspiracy theories about the education system and the monetary system. Yeah, sure, everything is a big conspiracy and we're all just mindless slaves to the elite. Give me a break. Maybe if you spent less time spouting off ridiculous theories and more time actually doing something productive, you wouldn't feel so bitter and resentful towards the world.

Look, I get it. You want to feel special and unique. But the reality is, we're all just a bunch of ordinary people trying to navigate through life. So quit your whining, get off your high horse, and maybe try focusing on something actually worth your time. Just a thought.
------
Yo, so let's talk about amphetamines. Shit can really mess you up, man.

At first, it seems like a godsend. You pop that little pill or snort that fine powder, and suddenly you're on top of the world. You feel invincible, like there's nothing you can't do. Plus, unlike coke, you don't have to keep snorting it every five minutes to maintain the high. It just keeps you going and going.

So you think, "Hey, I can handle this stuff. I'll just use it every now and then, maybe once a month or so." You know, responsible use. You don't want to get addicted or anything.

But then a party comes around, and your usual hookup isn't available. So what do you do? You buy your own stash, thinking it'll last you forever. But damn, that party was off the hook. You were the life of the damn party, man. While everyone else was stumbling around drunk, you were in the zone, having the time of your life. You were confident, sociable, and just killing it.

And guess what? The ladies were diggin' it too. They were all up on you, attracted to that sober-like buzz you had going on. But here's the thing, did they really like you or were they just into the version of you that was all hyped up on speed?

You start to wonder, but who cares? You got more of that sweet, sweet amphetamine waiting for you at home. And hey, there aren't any parties coming up, but that's okay. You got work to do, right? So you start using it for work, school, whatever. It becomes your secret weapon, your cheat code to success.

And man, it works like magic. You're focused, driven, and getting shit done like nobody's business. Sure, the comedowns suck, and you're losing weight because you forget to eat, but hey, you've been meaning to shed a few pounds anyway, right?

But here's the thing you don't realize - amphetamines are sneaky bastards. They start taking control without you even realizing it. That rush of dopamine, that feeling of reward, it hijacks your brain. Suddenly, your brain is telling you that this shit is good for you, that it's healthy.

And you buy into it. You never think you're losing control because your brain is constantly reassuring you that you're in charge. You're the one calling the shots. But deep down, you know that's some bullshit.

Your friends start to worry, telling you to slow down. But who the hell are they to tell you what to do? They don't understand, right? You can stop anytime you want. You're in control, dammit!

But let me tell you, it only gets worse from there. The comedowns become unbearable, so you take more to ease the pain. Your breaks become shorter, your tolerance goes through the damn roof. You're chasing that high, man, but it's always just out of reach.

And those promises you make to yourself? Yeah, they're just words. You promise to quit after this weekend, next week, next month. But it's all a lie. You know deep down that you'll never be able to give it up.

Because amphetamine is a tricky little substance, my friend. It lures you in with its promises of euphoria and superhuman abilities. But once it sinks its teeth into you, it's hard to break free.

So be careful out there, folks. Don't let this shit take control of your life. Stay safe, stay smart, and remember, there are better ways to get through the day than relying on a damn drug.
------
Alright, let's get real here. I gotta say, I wasn't expecting a response, so thanks for that. But let me tell you, I didn't ask you to be all formal and proper. Nah, I'm just genuinely interested in what you've gotta say, theories and all. And hey, the crazier the better, I'm down for that. 

So, let's talk about this whole Arya taking Jaime's face and killing Cersei thing. Does that mean Arya's gonna kill Jaime too? Man, I haven't even thought about comparing ASOIF to LOTR, so you've really thrown me off guard there. I mean, seriously, did George purposely steal Tolkien's idea of reforging a sword? It's like, dude, come up with your own stuff, ya know? This is George's masterpiece, his chance to become a legend in the fantasy genre, so I assumed he wouldn't stoop that low (maybe I shouldn't have been so cocky).

I'll admit, the idea of plunging a sword into a lion's heart sounds pretty badass. And if it turns out to be Lightbringer, well that would be freaking cool. Especially if we get to see Oathkeeper and Widow's Wail reforged into Ice or some other fancy named sword. But the big question is, who's gonna wield this bad boy?

Now, here's where things start to get weird. Why the hell would Arya kill Jaime? I mean, yeah, Lannisters and Starks aren't exactly best buddies, but Arya's just a kid, man! She doesn't know squat about the complicated politics and all that nonsense. But I guess maybe she gains this secret knowledge or whatever and decides to off Jaime.

And here's where I've got a serious issue. Jaime's got a redemption arc going on, you know? He's got a role to play in the future of Westeros, so erasing him from the story just doesn't sit right with me. His transformation has been one of the most interesting things to follow. The real payoff comes when he remembers what he had to do to save the people of King's Landing, and he actively chooses to distance himself from Cersei and her crazy antics.

This is a
------
Hey guys, I just wanted to share my thoughts on the Stark family and some theories I have. Now, I know this might not be the most popular opinion, but hear me out.

The downfall of the Stark family can be traced back to the actions of the twins, and let's not forget about Ned getting his head chopped off by Cersei's son. I mean, talk about a messed-up situation. Arya had to witness her father's beheading and also went through the horror of the red wedding. Ned's character fits perfectly with the father in the faith of the seven, you know, the one who is all about justice and "divine justice" in the show.

If you take a closer look at who killed those who betrayed Ned, it's clear that Ned's children were the ones taking care of business. Janos, Littlefinger, and eventually Cersei all met their demise by the hands of Ned's kids. And you know what? I believe Sansa will be the one to kill Littlefinger, just like the books predict. It's all coming together, guys.

Now, let's talk about GRRM's inspiration for the series. He has mentioned that LOTR is a big influence, and Jon Snow is heavily based on Aragorn. Makes sense, right? Oh, and have you noticed the similarities between Ice and Narsil? They even go as far as suggesting that Ice will be reforged into Lightbringer using Oathkeeper and Widow's Wail. I can provide book quotes if you want.

In Tolkien's letters, he mentioned that the broken blade Narsil represented the line of the kings of Gondor. When it was reforged, it symbolized the return of the king and the restoration of the line of Gondor. Sound familiar? Well, Ice was also broken around the time of the red wedding, which is when everyone thought the last Starks were done for. But guess what? Sansa became a Lannister (ew) and escaped that fate. You can even see the show hinting at this idea in the season 4 opener, if you pay close attention.

Now, the second forging of Lightbringer involves a captured lion's heart, and Arya is going to give Cersei the gift of mercy with Widow's Wail, which hasn't been given to Jaime in the books yet. After Arya takes care of Cersei, the greatsword will be reforged into one. Arya named her sword "Needle" because she's all about the stitching, you know? So, her being part of the second forging makes total sense. Plus, there's this snippet from the very first chapter in the first book that seems to hint at it:

"Arya's stitches were crooked again. She frowned down at them with dismay and glanced over to where her sister Sansa sat among the other girls. Sansa's needlework was exquisite. Everyone said so. 'Sansa's work is as pretty as she is,' Septa Mordane told their lady mother once. 'She has such fine, delicate hands.' When Lady Catelyn had asked about Arya, the septa had sniffed. 'Arya has the hands of a blacksmith.'"

See? It's all there, guys. If you want more details, check out the link I provided. Trust me, it'll blow your mind. Let me know what you think!
------
Dude, seriously? Are you actually trying to argue that Jeremy Corbyn is anti-EU? You couldn't be more wrong if you tried. Let me break it down for you, in case you missed all the facts.

First of all, back in 1975, during the European referendum, Corbyn actually voted for Britain to leave the European Economic Community (EEC). Yeah, you heard that right. He was all about breaking away from Europe way before it was cool. So don't even try to paint him as some pro-EU champion.

And let's not forget about his opposition to the creation of the European Union under the Maastricht Treaty in 1993. He spoke out against it and even voted against it in Parliament. Like, come on, how can you ignore his clear disdain for the EU?

But it doesn't stop there. In 2008, Corbyn voted against the Lisbon Treaty not once, but multiple times. He was not shy about his opposition towards the EU and its various agreements. And in 2010, he even voted against the creation of the EU's diplomatic service. Can you say "anti-EU" any louder?

Oh, and here's a fun fact for you: Corbyn voted for a referendum on Britain's membership of the EU in 2011. Yeah, he broke the Labour whip just to make it happen. That's not exactly the actions of a pro-EU guy, now is it?

And let's not forget about his opposition to the EU's European Stability Mechanism in 2011. Only 26 other MPs joined him in voting against it, and guess who those 26 were? Hardcore Euro-sceptics. Yeah, Corbyn wasn't afraid to align himself with those folks.

But wait, there's more! In 2012, Corbyn opposed Britain's participation in the EU's banking authority. I mean, how many times does he have to demonstrate his anti-EU stance before you get it?

But let's fast forward to the 2016 referendum campaign. Corbyn's office staff consistently undermined the Remain campaign, and he himself refused to attend a key Remain campaign launch. He even attacked government ministers for promoting the Remain case, saying they should have also promoted arguments in favor of leaving. I don't know about you, but that doesn't sound like someone who's fighting for the EU.

And let's not forget his vacation during the campaign. While everyone else was out there working hard, Corbyn decided to take a nice little holiday. Real committed, huh? Leave.eu even highlighted his past attacks on Europe from 1996 during the campaign. I guess old habits die hard, right?

And the day after the referendum, Corbyn called for the immediate invocation of Article 50, even faster than Theresa May wanted. Sounds like someone who's eager to get out of the EU to me.

In December 2016, Corbyn voted in Parliament in favor of the UK leaving the EU and starting the process by March 2017. Talk about commitment to leaving, right?

And hey, remember February 2017? Corbyn voted not once, not twice, but three times in favor of the Prime Minister starting the process of leaving the EU. It's like he couldn't get enough of it.

During the 2017 general election, an independent fact-checking service found very little difference between Corbyn and Theresa May when it came to Europe. So yeah, don't try to pretend that he's some pro-EU hero.

And let's not forget the summer of 2017, when Corbyn outright opposed Britain remaining in the single market. He even sacked Labour MPs from his team who dared to vote in favor of single market membership. Real pro-EU move right there, huh?

So next time, before you go spouting off nonsense about Corbyn being pro-EU, maybe do a little fact-checking. It's clear as day that he's been against the EU for a long time. Don't let your blind support for him cloud your judgment.
------
Okay, first of all, what the hell are you even trying to say in this post? I mean, seriously, it's like you're speaking a different language or something. It's a simple concept. I said one thing, you said another thing, and now we're arguing about it. That's how these discussions work, my friend.

But let me break it down for you since you seem to be struggling with basic communication skills. You said that Sarada unlocked her Sharingan through happy emotions. I said, wait a minute, that doesn't make any freaking sense. We know from canon that the Sharingan is awakened by negative emotions, so why would happiness be the trigger? It just doesn't add up.

And then you come at me with this whole "we don't need evidence" nonsense. Um, excuse me? Are you joking right now? Of course we need evidence! That's how arguments work! You can't just make shit up and expect people to believe you. Show me the proof, my dude. Show me the panel where it explicitly says, "Sarada unlocked her Sharingan because she was happy." Oh wait, you can't? Yeah, that's what I thought.

And don't even get me started on your ridiculous claim that happiness and love are the strongest emotions. Seriously? Where did you even come up with that? Have you ever felt true anger or sadness? Those emotions can rock you to your core, my friend. They can tear you apart and leave you feeling empty. Love and happiness are great and all, but they ain't got nothing on the raw power of anger and sadness.

And do you really think that Sarada being happy about finally meeting her absent father is enough to unlock her Sharingan? Come on, now. That's a weak argument, my friend. Just because two things happen at the same time doesn't mean they're related. It's called coincidence. Look it up.

So in conclusion, my dear friend, I have absolutely no idea what you're trying to argue here. Your logic is flawed, your evidence is nonexistent, and you seem to have a serious lack of understanding when it comes to basic communication skills. Maybe next time, try to actually formulate a coherent argument before you go off on a tangent. Just a thought.
------
Alright, here's my informal and impolite response to this post:

Wow, are you seriously spewing this nonsense? It's like you're trying to sound smart and intellectual, but all you're really doing is making yourself look like a clueless fool. I mean, come on, "outcome ambivalence"? Who talks like that?

First of all, let's talk about your little jab at Austrian economists and libertarianism. You clearly have no idea what you're talking about. Austrian economists don't believe in "public goods" because they understand that government intervention usually messes things up more than it helps. And guess what? They're right! Look at all the times the government has tried to solve a problem and ended up making it worse. So yeah, maybe they do believe in a set of rules instead of relying on the government to fix everything.

And as for your argument about market failures and natural monopolies, give me a break. The free market has proven time and time again that it's the best way to allocate resources efficiently. When the government tries to step in and regulate everything, it just creates more problems. It's called unintended consequences, buddy. Maybe you should look it up sometime.

Oh, and let's not forget your little attack on the morality and rationality of Austrian economics. Just because they believe in individual action and responsibility doesn't mean they don't care about society. In fact, they understand that when individuals are free to pursue their own interests, it actually benefits everyone. It's called the invisible hand, genius. And no, it doesn't mean people shouldn't cooperate or form businesses. It means that when individuals are free to make their own choices, they can create amazing things and improve society as a whole. It's called innovation, something you clearly know nothing about.

And don't get me started on your so-called "ethical philosophy." It's just a bunch of mumbo jumbo. Austrian economists believe in individual rights and freedom, not some twisted version of ethical egoism. They understand that people have different desires and preferences, and that's okay. As long as they're not harming anyone else, they should be free to pursue their own happiness. It's called personal liberty, something you clearly have a problem with.

And as for your ridiculous claims about monopolies, give me a break. Austrian economists don't deny the existence of monopolies, they just understand that most of them are created and sustained by government intervention. When the government grants special privileges and protections to certain companies, it stifles competition and prevents new entrants from challenging the status quo. So yeah, it's not about people being "happy enough" with a monopoly, it's about the government creating barriers to entry and preventing a truly free market from existing.

In conclusion, your post is nothing more than a bunch of baseless attacks and strawman arguments. Maybe instead of trying to tear down Austrian economics and libertarianism, you should actually take the time to learn about them. You might be surprised to find out that they actually make a lot of sense. But hey, ignorance is bliss, right?

(Word count: 605 words)
------
Look, I gotta say, it's ridiculous how people only think of universities when they talk about higher education. Seriously, during the time we're talking about, most people in Britain couldn't even read or write their own damn name on a marriage certificate! Universities were only an option for the lucky few whose parents had enough money to send them to fancy private schools. And let's be real, there weren't a lot of those.

But you know what? Skilled trades were the real deal back then. They were the ticket out of poverty and into the middle class for most folks. And get this, women weren't officially barred from trade guilds in England! That's right, in freaking 1432, there were badass "sistren" listed alongside the "brethren" on the roster of master blacksmiths in London.

You had women kicking ass as master tinsmiths, goldsmiths, silversmiths, butchers, blacksmiths, weavers, and brewers. Hell, women were killing it in weaving and brewing so much that you still see feminine surnames like Webster and Brewster today. How cool is that?

Now, there were two main types of women who entered these trades. First, you had the orphans who didn't have great prospects for a good marriage. For them, becoming a master in a trade seemed like a damn good option. These poor kids were indentured before they were even 10 years old. They spent years as unpaid apprentices, which was basically a fancy word for slavery. Then, they traveled as journeymen for more years, until they finally reached their mid-twenties and could become masters themselves.

The second group of women were widows of tradesmen. If they could prove that they learned the trade from their husbands well enough, they could take over the business, train apprentices, and assess journeymen. It was badass women like these who were breaking barriers and proving that they could kick just as much ass as the men.

But hey, check this out - thanks to some messed up law called coverture, parents of means actually thought their sons should go to university to get a profession, while their daughters should learn how to run a household, maintain social and professional networks, and assist their future husband's business. Like seriously, all that stuff could be taught in finishing schools or through privately hired tutors.

Why? Well, because women from wealthy families had a legal right to be supported by their husbands. Yeah, you heard that right. A woman needed to find a man to financially support her, but the reverse wasn't true. It was messed up, but that's the way it was.

Now, don't get me wrong, there were definitely some talented women out there who couldn't follow their dreams of entering a profession. That's a damn shame. But let's face it, the majority of women (and men) couldn't even dream of attending university. Less than 20% of them could read or write, for crying out loud! And you know what? Women not being financially responsible for themselves or their families actually helped way more women than it hurt.

Sure, there were times when some people got all pissy about women being in the trades. But let's think about it - that usually happened when work was scarce and guys were feeling the pressure to financially support themselves and their families. I can understand that frustration, you know?

So, here's the deal. When you make rights expensive, you limit them to those who shoulder the same level of responsibility. And unfortunately, women just didn't have the same level of responsibility under the law back then. It sucked, but that was the reality.

So yeah, let's not forget that higher education wasn't just about fancy universities. Skilled trades allowed women to break free from the shackles of poverty and societal expectations. They were the real heroes of that time, paving the way for future generations. We need to give credit where credit is due and appreciate the badassery of these women.
------
So, I've got this little situation going on at my kid's Montessori and I just need to vent about it. Let me preface this by saying that I am not one to get easily worked up, but this lady has really gotten under my skin.

Alright, so my husband and I have been happily married for four years now and we have a precious two-year-old daughter who attends this fancy London Montessori. Now, let me tell you, this place is full of parents who are constantly rushing in and out like their lives depend on it. It's chaotic, to say the least. But hey, we're trying to make the best out of it and enjoy dropping off and picking up our little one together. It's a nice bonding time for us.

Now, there's this woman in my kid's class who has always had a stick up her you-know-what. Every time I see her, she gives me this stink eye and dismisses me whenever I try to be friendly. I mean, seriously, what's her problem? But here's where it gets interesting - one day my husband, bless his heart, decides to do the pickup solo, and suddenly she starts talking his ear off. Can you believe it? She shares all these personal details about her life, like her failed marriage and her lackluster career. I couldn't help but joke with my hubby that it sounded like a speed date in the nursery!

But wait, there's more. So, I had to do these solo pickups for a few weeks while my husband was away on business. And guess what? I ran into this woman every single day. She'd stand next to me during pickups or even sit next to me and not say a single word. Creepy, right? Oh, and get this - whenever I was chatting with other parents, she'd conveniently position herself nearby, listening in on our conversations. Can you say "nosy"? It started to annoy the living daylights out of me, so naturally, I vented to my husband when he returned.

Fast forward to when my husband finally joins me for pickups again. We're just minding our own business, he's getting the pram ready on one side of the room and I'm with our baby on the other side. And wouldn't you know it, here comes Miss Flirty McFlirterson, waltzing into the room. But get this - she didn't even see me there! She goes right up to my husband and grabs him on the shoulder, asking how he's been. Can you believe the nerve of this woman? It's as if I didn't even exist. Well, my husband, being the stand-up guy that he is, immediately introduces us. And you know what she says? She says she remembers seeing me months ago at some event. Yeah, right. I see her every damn day, and she expects me to believe she only just noticed me? Give me a break.

Ever since that awkward encounter, she actively acknowledges my husband and completely ignores me when I'm alone. She even tries to wait for him to leave with our daughter so she can tag along. But you know what? My husband is having none of it. He completely shuts her down, ignores her, and tries to stonewall her for the way she's treated me. Good on him! But seriously, can you believe the audacity of this woman? Trying to flirt and worm her way into my husband's life, all at our kids' school, no less. I've never dealt with such competitive behavior before, and it's starting to get on my last nerve.

Honestly, part of me wants to confront her and give her a piece of my mind. But my husband thinks she's just a sad, pathetic person and isn't worth our effort. He's right, of course. Why waste our time on someone so desperate and insecure? So, I guess my question to you guys is: what would you do in my shoes? Has anyone else dealt with something similar? I could really use some advice on how to handle this situation without losing my cool or stooping to her level.

Thanks for letting me rant, fellow Redditors. It feels good to get this off my chest.
------
hey, thanks for sharing your thoughts! i gotta be honest though, i think you're way off base here. like, seriously, what are you even talking about? let me break it down for you.

first of all, i think your whole argument about denial being a coping mechanism is just a load of crap. sure, some people might not understand what it's like to be suicidal, but that doesn't mean they're denying the reality of it. they just don't get it, plain and simple. and saying that everyone is trapped in their own perspective? come on, that's just a fancy way of saying people are selfish. sure, we're social animals, but that doesn't mean we're constantly judging others and evaluating their actions. sometimes, we just don't give a damn.

now let's talk about this dr. black guy. honestly, i couldn't care less about what he said. you're overanalyzing his words and trying to find some hidden meaning that isn't even there. who cares if he used the phrase "significant stressors"? it doesn't change the fact that he downplayed mental suffering in his first paragraph. maybe you should read it again, because it's pretty clear to me.

okay, now onto your whole argument about outsiders judging someone's suffering. seriously, who made you the judge of who's suffering and who's not? you're acting all high and mighty, like you have the ultimate authority on this stuff. newsflash: you don't. if someone is in so much pain that they want to end their life, who are you to say they should seek outside reflection? that's just plain arrogant.

and as for your disagreement with my reading, well, i still think you're wrong. sorry, but that's just how it is. his second paragraph is irrelevant to the discussion at hand, and trying to twist his words to fit your narrative is just sad. and don't even get me started on your whole semantic argument. seriously, who cares about the semantics? we're talking about life and death here, not some petty word games.

finally, let me just say that your point about suicide being unethical under certain conditions is just plain dumb. sorry if that sounds harsh, but it's true. who are you to decide what's ethical and what's not? ethics are subjective, my friend, and you can't impose your own beliefs on others. maybe you should just stick to your own opinions instead of trying to push them onto everyone else.

anyway, thanks for wasting my time with this pointless debate. i'm done here. and by the way, your English might not be perfect, but that's no excuse for some of the nonsense you spewed in your comment. just saying.
------
Alright, I get it. You want me to break it down for you. Fine, let's do this. I'll explain why your whole argument about the fine tuning of the universe is a load of baloney, and I'll make it crystal clear, so even you can understand it.

First of all, let's talk about the fine tuning argument itself. This argument boldly asserts that the universe is "tuned" in a way that allows life to exist. But here's the thing, where's the evidence? Huh? Yeah, that's what I thought. You've got nothing. And until you can actually provide some solid evidence, your argument is just a bunch of baseless claims.

And don't even get me started on these "assumptions about causality" that you keep mentioning. What are they? Can you even name one? No, of course not. You're just throwing around big words to make yourself sound smart. Well, news flash buddy, it's not working. Give me some real evidence or just stop wasting my time.

Now, let's address the whole idea of God creating the universe. According to you, God supposedly fine-tuned everything, right? Well, here's the problem. If God used human concepts of causality to create the universe, then we're looking at an infinite regress of causality. Yeah, that's a real mind-bender, isn't it? So, to avoid this little conundrum, you guys came up with this fancy term called "creatio ex nihilo." Basically, it means God created the universe out of nothing. Talk about special pleading!

But here's the thing, if you're gonna argue that this universe was fine-tuned, then you need to explain what pre-existing material was used to create it. Where did it come from, huh? I bet you can't answer that. Because you know what? You're just making stuff up as you go along. It's all speculation and wishful thinking. Show me the evidence, or admit that you've got nothing.

And while we're on the topic of evidence, let's talk about your so-called "proof" for fine-tuning. You claim that the universe appears to be fine-tuned, just like our human creations. Well, guess what? That's not evidence. That's just a hunch. You haven't tested anything, you haven't investigated anything. You're just looking at the universe and saying, "Oh, it looks fine-tuned to me!" Well, I'm sorry, but that doesn't cut it in the real world. We need actual evidence, not your personal opinions.

Oh, and let's not forget about your logical fallacies. You want me to point out the appeal to personal incredulity? Fine, I will. You're basically saying, "I can't imagine how this universe could have happened without some kind of fine-tuning, so it must be true!" Well, guess what? Your lack of imagination is not proof of anything. It's just a sign of your own ignorance.

And speaking of ignorance, let's talk about your complete lack of investigation and demonstration. You haven't done any real research, you haven't shown any concrete evidence. All you've done is make empty claims and expect us to believe you. Well, sorry buddy, but that's not how it works. You need to back up your arguments with facts and evidence. Otherwise, it's just a load of hot air.

Finally, let's address your accusation of question begging. You say that my statement, "we have no examples of someone or something tuning a universe," is a clear case of question begging. Well, news flash, it's not. It's a simple observation. We have never seen a universe being created or fine-tuned. Therefore, if you're gonna claim that it happened, you better have some damn good evidence to support your claim.

So, there you have it. I've explained why your whole argument falls apart under scrutiny. You've got no evidence, you've got logical fallacies, and you've got a whole lot of empty claims. So, until you can actually provide some solid evidence, I suggest you take your fine-tuning argument and shove it where the sun don't shine.
------
Hey y'all, just gotta say, I'm kinda pissed off about this whole dub and sub situation with the blonde chick Laura Stuart, or should I say Lola? Like seriously, can't they just stick to one name and make it easier for everyone? It's like playing a guessing game every time someone refers to her.

But let's move on from that annoyance and talk about Lola's hair. Damn, that shit is long! I mean, it folds twice and reaches all the way down to her damn feet. Like, why does she need that much hair? It's not like she's Rapunzel or anything. Maybe she's compensating for something, who knows?

Speaking of Lola, she's the big boss of Necessarius, which is apparently some church organization in London. But get this, even though the Queen of England technically outranks her, Lola is the one calling the shots. Talk about a power move. I guess it's true what they say, it's not the crown that matters, it's the power behind it.

Now, here's where things get a bit confusing. This whole scene is happening in the center of London, not Japan like the rest of the damn series. Like, why the hell are they all of a sudden in London? Did they take a wrong turn or something? I swear, this anime never fails to surprise me with its random location changes.

So apparently Lola speaks in some ancient Japanese that she learned from reading old books. She even asked Tsuchimikado if she was speaking normally, but he straight up trolled her and lied. Classic move, bro. Just tell the girl the truth, damn it!

Oh, and by the way, did you know that the author of the Book of the Law is named Edward Alexander? Well, in the LN it's mentioned that one of his names was Crowley. Yeah, THE Crowley that keeps popping up in Index. Talk about a small world, right? I wonder if he's related to Aleister Crowley. That would be wild.

So now we got Stiyl and Lola, both British folks, speaking Japanese in the middle of London. And you know why? So they can talk freely without anyone understanding them. I mean, fair enough, but they're literally walking by a Japanese restaurant. Can't they find a better place to have their secret convos? Come on, guys, use your heads.

Oh, and let's not forget about the huge church they end up in front of, Saint George's Cathedral. I guess that's where all the cool kids hang out these days. I wonder if they have a Starbucks inside or something.

Okay, I'm gonna wrap this up soon, but first let's talk about this Maika chick. She's surprisingly resistant to getting dizzy. Like, damn, is that her superpower or something? But get this, she's a level 0 esper. I guess some people are just born with natural resistance to dizziness. Must be nice.

And speaking of Maika, she didn't even flinch when some random tall dude put his hand over her friend's mouth. Like, girl, that's how you get kidnapped or worse. Have some self-preservation instincts, damn it!

Okay, I'll end this r
------
Alright, here's my take on the movie. Honestly, it's been years since I saw it so I can't remember exact details, but when I watched it, I just couldn't help but laugh at how awful it was. 

Let's start with Max Dillon, or should I say Electro? I mean, come on, this guy is supposed to be one of Spider-Man's go-to comic book villains, and yet he gets the most strangely meek treatment in this movie. Jamie Foxx is a talented actor, but even he couldn't save this character from the tide of effects-driven performance and bad writing. The major issue with Electro is that his motivation to become a villain is so hilariously awful. As Max Dillon, he looks up to Spidey and appears to deeply value an encounter in which the web-slinger saved him. But then, after some improbable accident involving electric eels, he snaps at Spidey just for forgetting his name. And do you know what his plan is? He wants to cut the power to New York and make the city's citizens feel just as powerless as he did when he worked at Oscorp. Really? That's the best they could come up with? It's unconvincing at best and goofy at worst, making even the frustratingly ever-sympathetic villains of Raimi's Spider-Man movies look good. And don't even get me started on his final showdown with Spidey. When he loses and disappears into thin air, we feel absolutely nothing. Talk about anticlimactic.

But let's not forget about Harry Osborn, or should I say the Green Goblin? I don't even know what character Dane DeHaan was trying to play, but it sure as hell didn't feel anything close to what is supposed to be Harry Osborn. His performance is by far the worst in the movie, so ridiculously over-the-top and cartoonish that there isn't a chance you can possibly take him seriously as a real human being. And here's the kicker: this movie tries to cover the entire character arc of Harry Osborn in a single film. Seriously? Talk about rushed and hollow. They never earned the right to tell his entire story now. Harry is thrown into the film, and you're just expected to believe that he and Peter are super best friends forever, despite not having connected in years. The entire relationship between the two characters is never truthfully established, and later revelations in the movie completely lack emotional weight. The Green Goblin ends up having a glorified five-minute cameo that is a complete waste of Spider-Man's best villain. He's only there to kill Gwen Stacy, be defeated in a ridiculously lame manner, and set up the next film. It's a total letdown.

But let's not forget about Electro's motivation. He's motivated by the fact that nobody notices him. Fair enough, right? Except people notice him all the time! He just keeps saying, "Nobody notices me." Well, newsflash Electro, people do notice you. It's just that nobody would make the connection between a black guy with a bad comb-over and a maniacal blue creature made of electricity in a hoodie. I mean, really? And then, when it's obvious that people notice him, he switches gears and decides to steal all the electricity for no reason. At least Sandman, the New Goblin, and Venom had clear goals. Electro's plan to make himself important is just plain stupid.

And don't even get me started on the overall plot of the movie. After 142 minutes, the villains accomplish nothing. In Spider-Man 3, even the villain with the least to do, Sandman, had some really good bank robbery scenes. Even Venom had a little something worth doing. But Electro? Nope. His ridiculous plan to make himself important falls flat on its face. It's just a waste of time.

And let's not forget the fact that Electro has no thematic purpose whatsoever in this movie. He exists simply to fill time and give Spider-Man a flashy villain to fight. As an actual character, he's even worse. Like the Lizard in the first film, he is given no legitimate reason to become a villain, other than hearing voices in his head or something equally ridiculous. His justification for hating Spider-Man is paper-thin at best, and he unbelievably switches from a shy, timid nerd to an evil, booming murderer in the blink of an eye. Plus, let's not even get started on how stupid he looks. Seriously, Electro looks like Arnold Schwarzenegger's Mr. Freeze. It's just embarrassing.

In conclusion, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a mess. Electro is poorly written and lacks any legitimate motivation, while Harry Osborn's character arc feels rushed and hollow. The overall plot is a waste of time, and the movie fails to deliver on any thematic or emotional level. It's a shame that such iconic villains were wasted in this way.
------
Alright, here goes my impolite and informal post on a new thread in this subreddit. Brace yourself for some snarky comments and unfiltered thoughts!

---

Ugh, here we go again with all these tech nerds arguing over the best monitoring widgets. Can you guys chill for a second? No one cares about your fancy configurations and detailed information cluttering up the screen. I mean, seriously, who has the time to stare at their computer 24/7?

I personally use istat and it's the bomb. It's so customizable, I can have just a little bit of data showing all the time and then BAM, more details when I click on it. It's like magic, but without all the glitter and unicorns. Plus, I can set up shortcuts or use this BTT thing so I don't have to waste precious seconds clicking around.

You guys are talking about CPU load, graphics processors, memory pressure, wattage, and all that jazz. Like, who even understands what half of that means? I just want to know if my laptop is about to explode or if it's safe to keep watching cat videos all day. Time and date is literally all I need to function in this crazy world.

Oh, and don't get me started on battery estimates. They're as accurate as my mom trying to guess my age. With istat, I can see the exact wattage from the wall and how much power I'm consuming. It's like having a crystal ball for my laptop. I can even calculate how long I can binge-watch Netflix before it dies on me. It's a game changer, people.

Sure, I've made some tweaks to my config over time, disabled unnecessary third-party apps, and made it look a bit cleaner. But trust me, it still tells me everything I need to know at a glance. No pressing buttons or tedious clicks required. It's like magic, but without all the glitter and unicorns. Again, who has time for that?

And don't even get me started on those buggy widgets. I swear, they're out to ruin our lives. But hey, I'll cut them some slack. It's probably the widget creators' fault, but it still sucks when something messes up your dashboard experience. Why can't things just work like they should?

Now, let's talk alternatives. Nc, menubar applets, whatever. They claim to be superior and all that fancy stuff. But let me tell you, my friend, none of them come close to what I've got going on with istat. They may adhere to standards and use newer APIs, but who cares about all that technical mumbo jumbo? I just want something that works and doesn't make me feel like I'm stuck in the Stone Age.

So, to all the haters out there dissing dashboard, let me just say this: open your minds, embrace the beauty of istat, and maybe, just maybe, you'll see why it's the king of monitoring widgets. I can't imagine any situation where another solution would be better. And if you can, well, you must be living in some alternate reality where perfection doesn't exist.

Peace out, fellow Redditors. Keep monitoring, keep scrolling, and remember to live your life beyond those monitoring screens. Because trust me, there's a whole world out there waiting to be explored.
------
Look, I get it. You're all up in arms about someone pointing out the flaws in the good ol' US of A. But guess what? They have a point. And you trying to shut them down with this whole "defending national pride" nonsense is just pathetic. It's like you can't handle any criticism, even if it's valid. Newsflash: being critical of your own country doesn't mean you hate it or that you're some unpatriotic traitor. It means you want things to improve, to be better.

But no, you just want to sweep everything under the rug and pretend like everything's peachy keen. Well, let me burst your bubble, buddy. The US has some serious issues. We've got corruption seeping into every aspect of our society, from lobbying to media manipulation. And don't even get me started on the wealth inequality and systemic racism that continues to plague us. But hey, let's just ignore all that and wave our flag proudly, right?

And don't even try to compare the US to China. No one's saying they're exactly the same. But it doesn't mean we can't learn something from them. Maybe if we actually took a step back and looked at how they handle certain issues, we could find some inspiration for change. But no, you just want to dismiss any comparison because it hurts your delicate little ego.

You know what's really dishonest and irresponsible? Ignoring the problems within your own backyard and pretending like they don't exist. That's the real danger here. We can't make progress if we refuse to acknowledge the flaws in our own society. So quit with this holier-than-thou attitude and open your eyes to reality.

And while we're at it, let's talk about this whole "freedom of the press" thing you brought up. Yeah, it's great that we have a free media that can criticize the government. But you know what? That doesn't mean everything's hunky-dory. The media is just as flawed and biased as any other institution. And let's not forget that they were kissing up to our current administration before the election. So spare me the whole "we're so much better than China" argument.

Look, I'm not saying the US is a terrible place to live. We have our freedoms and opportunities. But that doesn't mean we should turn a blind eye to our problems. It's time to wake up, take a good hard look at ourselves, and start working towards real progress. So quit with this defensive attitude and let's have some honest conversations about how we can make this country better.
------
Seriously, dude, do you have a source for any of that bullshit you just spewed? I mean, come on, I highly doubt Trump has actually brought businesses back into the states. You talk about incentives and all that crap, but what actual evidence do you have? Are you referring to those Carrier jobs that Trump made such a big deal about when he was first elected? Yeah, newsflash, buddy, those jobs are long gone. He didn't actually save them like he claimed. So much for all his promises, huh?

And let's talk about Obamacare. First off, let's get one thing straight: Trump hasn't repealed it. He may have eliminated the individual mandate, which dealt a blow to the Affordable Care Act, but it's still very much alive. So, before you start praising him for repealing something, make sure you know what the hell you're talking about.

And all this talk about the repeal increasing GDP? Says who? Because everything I've read suggests that a total repeal of Obamacare would cost a shit ton of money. We're talking about $350 billion over 10 years, according to reliable sources like the Congressional Budget Office and the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. And guess what? That's without a replacement plan. So if the Republicans get their way and completely eliminate Obamacare without an alternative, we're in for some serious disaster.

Oh, and you want to bring up GDP and unemployment? Well, guess what? Trump isn't some economic savior like you seem to think. Sure, the GDP had a good last quarter under him, but you know what? Obama had several quarters with higher GDP growth during his time in office. And don't forget that almost 20% of that growth last quarter was thanks to the damn tax cuts. Yeah, those same tax cuts that are gonna more than double the federal deficit by next year. Real smart move, huh?

And don't even get me started on unemployment. It's at the same rate as it was under Obama, my friend. Trump may act like he's turning things around, but he's just keeping the status quo. And you know what? Wage growth has stagnated under Trump. Under Obama, wages were actually going up, but now they're just staying put. So yeah, unemployment may be going down, but people's paychecks aren't looking too hot.

Look, I get it, you want Trump to succeed. Fine. But you need to open your eyes and see that he lies about everything. I mean, even stupid shit like the size of his inauguration crowd. The guy is a pathological liar, and yet you're willing to believe whatever he says about his so-called achievements. It's laughable, man. That's why everyone in that video you shared is laughing at him, because they know he's a fraud. It's time you realize that too.
------
Yeah, I gotta say, I wasn't exactly thrilled to see your response. I knew this was gonna turn into a whole big thing about the meaning of a word. Honestly, I didn't even wanna get into it, but I'm too damn stubborn to let it slide.

So you're saying there's this definitive meaning of a word, and that it's determined by some fancy-pants expert or group of experts. Look, I'm not saying that doesn't make sense or that it's not a somewhat useful way to think about word meanings. But here's the thing, language ain't that black and white, my friend. In linguistics, they've recognized that tons of words have gone through semantic changes over the years. One minute a word means one thing, and the next minute it means something completely different, maybe even the total opposite. And hell, even the experts themselves have changed the meanings of certain technical terms throughout history.

And then on top of all that, you got the fact that the actual sounds or letters we put together to represent a concept can be totally arbitrary and can vary a shit ton from person to person and from language to language. That's why most linguists don't buy into this idea of a "correct" usage of a word, despite what you and plenty of other folks may think. Language is a social beast, man. It's like ethics, you know? There ain't always a clear-cut, objectively "good" way to behave. Instead, what's considered correct or incorrect is always evolving. It changes with society and within a single society, people will disagree without any way to settle the score.

Now, I ain't claiming I got the definitive meaning of socialism, or any word for that matter - even though definitive meanings are a load of crap. All I'm saying is, even if you're right and the experts are on your side when it comes to the "proper" definition of socialism, there are still plenty of people out there using the term in a different sense. And due to the way language works and how arbitrary it can be, there's no absolute right or wrong. It's all about communication, or sometimes, miscommunication.

So hey, if you wanna keep correcting every poor soul who uses socialism "wrong," then go right ahead. I admire your dedication and good luck with that. It might help us all communicate better down the line, who knows?

But let's be real here, it's gonna take you a damn long time, and I think it'd be a whole lot more efficient and pleasant for everyone involved if we only correct each other when there's actually a purpose and intention behind it. Since it seems like you don't really have anything else to add to the debate, I'll thank you for the little language lesson today and wish you a good day. Peace out.
------
Hey guys, I just wanted to chime in here. I gotta say, this whole argument about consoles versus PC gaming is getting really old. But since I'm a casual Reddit user with nothing better to do, I guess I'll waste my time responding.

So, some dude said that graphic cards don't need to be replaced often and can last you like 5-7 years. Well, guess what buddy, the Xbox 360 was released on November 22, 2005, and the Xbox One was released on November 22, 2013. That's 8 years, not 5-7. So much for your "facts."

And don't even get me started on your whole "casual gamers" argument. Yeah, there are a lot of casual gamers out there, but they're the ones driving the industry. Just take a look at the sales numbers, man. In 2015 alone, there were 23.5 billion dollars in gaming sales. And who do you think is buying all those games? That's right, the so-called "casuals." They're the ones buying Call of Duty, Destiny, Madden, and all those other big franchises that make bank. Sorry, but your indie games like Nier Automata and Kingdom Come: Deliverance ain't pulling in those kinds of numbers.

And speaking of casual gamers, yeah, they may not buy as many games as the hardcore gamers, but they still play a lot. They just choose to stick with a few games instead of going crazy and buying every new release. Can you blame them? Why waste money on three different shooters when you can just pick one and stick with it? And that's why publishers are pushing microtransactions, man. They wanna squeeze every penny out of those casual gamers. They may not buy tons of different games, but they sure as hell will spend extra money on the ones they really like.

Now, let's talk about convenience. Yeah, PC gaming can have its benefits, but it's not always the most convenient option. Personally, my gaming TV is in the living room, and my PC is downstairs. Do you really expect me to drag my ass downstairs every time I wanna play a game? No thanks, I'd rather chill upstairs with my wife and play on my console. It's the preferred platform for us casual folk for a reason, ya know?

And don't even get me started on Steam sales. Yeah, they can be pretty damn good, I'll give you that. But guess what? Consoles noticed, man. Sony's got their flash sales, Xbox is pushing games pass and better sales, and Nintendo keeps reeling us in with their indie titles and regular sales. PC gaming isn't the only one with good deals anymore, my friend.

Okay, okay, I know some of you PC elitists out there are gonna argue that PC gaming is cheaper in the long run because you don't have to pay for online. And sure, that may be true, but consoles are catching up. Xbox is giving us options like Game Pass, and Nintendo doesn't really care about PC anything, so they keep pushing those indie titles and having awesome sales. So, yeah, PC may have been the king of savings in the past, but consoles are stepping up their game.

In conclusion, can't we all just enjoy our own damn gaming platforms without tearing each other apart? Let's stop with this console versus PC nonsense and just play the games we love. Whether you're a casual gamer or a hardcore one, console or PC player, it doesn't matter. We're all just here to have fun, right? So let's focus on that and leave the arguments behind. Peace out.
------
Okay, let me just start by saying that this whole conversation about crypto being a flawed technology is straight-up ridiculous. Like, seriously? It's an emerging technology, people! Of course, it's not going to be perfect right from the get-go. That's just common sense. But instead of appreciating the potential and the problems it's trying to solve, some people out there just love to jump on the bandwagon and bash it like it's the dumbest thing ever.

I mean, come on! You can't blame the entire concept of crypto for all those hacks that happened on exchanges. That's not a flaw in the technology itself. It's a flaw in how those companies handled security. And let's not forget that most people are lazy and keep their crypto on exchange-hosted wallets instead of using cold storage. Obviously, that's a less secure practice. But why do they do it? Because it's convenient, that's why! Once we have better and more convenient ways to store crypto securely, all these worries will become a thing of the past.

Oh, and let's not forget the classic argument of "crypto has no inherent value." Seriously, you're telling me that all the power used to mine crypto has no value? Try telling that to your electricity provider and see how that works out for you! The value that crypto has is based on the cost of mining. And yes, I agree that mining currently uses way too much power and there are better ways to do it. But hey, it's an emerging technology! People are constantly working on making it more efficient. So just give it some time, and it'll get there.

But here's the real issue: people are treating crypto like it's just another form of money. Newsflash, folks! It's a whole different ball game. Money is like math, while crypto is like programming. Yeah, math is great and all, but programming takes math and does so much more with it. It opens up a whole new world of possibilities! So why limit ourselves when we can embrace the power of crypto?

I don't know why I'm going on this rant, but I guess my thoughts just led me here. I hope I've at least given you a glimpse of a different perspective on the matter. And just to throw it out there, "riddled with" means there's just a ton of something. I'm guessing that's not what you meant, but hey, no judgments here!

So let's stop bashing crypto like it's the worst thing ever and start appreciating its potential. It's an evolving technology that will only get better with time. And for all those naysayers out there, well, you're missing out on a whole new world of possibilities. So sit back, relax, and watch as crypto takes the world by storm!
------
Hey guys, I just need to get something off my chest and maybe vent a little. So buckle up, because this is gonna be a wild ride.

I knew this girl once, let's call her S.S. She was like a ray of freaking sunshine, man. Always so damn positive, it made me sick. But in a good way, you know? Like, how can someone be so annoyingly optimistic all the time?

Anyway, when she was just a kid, she got diagnosed with some heart condition called restrictive cardiomyopathy. Basically, her heart was messed up and couldn't pump blood properly. So, she had to go through a freaking heart transplant. Can you believe that? At such a young age?

We were best friends growing up, and eventually, we started dating. It was like a fairytale, man. She came from this rich family on the right side of the tracks, and I was just this loser from public school. But none of that mattered, as long as we had each other.

But then, life happened. We started talking about the future, and she wanted to go to college while I had no freaking clue what I wanted to do. So, being the genius that I am, I thought joining the military was a great idea. Yeah, we broke up, but we promised to find each other again someday.

We kept in touch, though. She sent me care packages when I was deployed, and we talked regularly. But then, those conversations became more generic, like she was sending those messages to everyone. Turns out, she met someone and was getting married. Can you believe the nerve?

I left the military and ended up homeless for a while, living out of my car in a different state. Eventually, I made it back home, got my shit together, and even had a daughter with this other girl I met. Things didn't work out with her, but we were still friends and took turns taking care of our kid.

Through it all, I never forgot about S.S. I asked our few mutual friends about her, and I found out she was buying a freaking house and adopting a girl. I was happy for her, but also jealous as hell. I blamed myself because I couldn't offer her that kind of lifestyle.

Then, out of nowhere, she texted me one day. We became best friends again, talking every damn day. We even started hanging out with the kids. It was perfect, you know? Until it wasn't.

She called me one night, crying her eyes out. Turns out, her body was rejecting her current heart, and she was going through all these medical procedures that weren't giving her any hope. Her husband couldn't handle the constant hospital visits, and she couldn't handle the lack of passion in their relationship anymore.

So, we became lovers again. It was intense, man. Sparks flying everywhere. We were inseparable, and our kids became best friends. Everything seemed perfect, until I wanted more. I wanted a family, a real freaking family. But she couldn't give me that.

We argued about it, but it was never really an argument. She kept promising me that one day we would be together, but she needed to finish treatments and complete the adoption process. And then, I hit a breaking point. I couldn't take it anymore. I wanted my happily ever after, and I wanted it now.

So, like the idiot I am, I left her. We were both devastated, but I was stubborn as hell. We didn't speak after that. I heard bits and pieces about her through my daughter's mom, the only person who knew about our affair. She told me I was a moron, and honestly, I can't really argue with her on that one.

Time passed, and I always wanted to reach out, but my stupid pride stopped me. And then one night, I got a call from her. She was in the hospital, thinking about me. She said she had plans for us, and we would be together soon if I still loved her. We talked for hours, making plans for the future. It felt like a dream. But then, they took her to another hospital for a new treatment, and she promised she would call me again that night.

Guess what? She didn't. My phone didn't ring for three freaking days. And when it finally did, it was her mom telling me that she had passed away shortly after our last conversation. She used me as an escape, you know? Just for a few hours of happiness before everything went to shit.

That was several years ago, and I've moved on since then. I'm married now, with another daughter. My wife knows the whole freaking story, and we even have a picture of S.S. hanging in our house. But man, it still hurts. I miss her so much, and I cry more than I'd like to admit.

I was such a selfish asshole back then, wasting all that time when I had something so beautiful right in front of me. She always understood me, always put my feelings before her own. And sometimes, I wish she had yelled or fought with me, you know? Maybe then, I wouldn't feel so damn guilty.

Sorry for the rant, guys. I just needed to get this off my chest. Life is short, and sometimes we let stupid things get in the way of true happiness. Don't make the same mistakes I did. Appreciate the people who love you and don't take them for granted.
------
Hey guys, I gotta rant about something that's been bugging the hell outta me lately. So, you know how parents in these fancy-ass Montessori schools are always in a rush? Well, let me tell you about this one lady who's been pissing me off.

I've been happily married for four years to my awesome husband, and we have a cute little two-year-old daughter who goes to this snobby London Montessori. Now, my husband and I always make it a point to drop off and pick up our kid together because we genuinely enjoy it. But there's this one woman in my daughter's class who's been giving me the stink eye whenever I'm there alone.

I've seen this chick for months, and every time I try to say hello or smile at her, she just brushes me off like I don't exist. But here's where it gets interesting - one day, my husband goes to pick up our daughter by himself, and suddenly, this lady starts talking his ear off. I mean, she spills all the tea about her failed marriage, her disappointing career choice, and where she went to school. It was like a damn speed date in the nursery!

Now, here's the kicker: my husband mentions to her that I went to the same grad school as her during the same years. He thought maybe this little tidbit would change her attitude towards me because apparently, commonality is the secret ingredient to her nonchalant behavior.

Fast forward a few weeks, and my hubby's traveling for work. Guess who I bump into every damn day? Yep, it's Miss No-Introduction herself. She stands next to me during pickups, sits beside me without saying a word, and eavesdrops on my conversations with other parents. Seriously, it's creepy as hell and starting to piss me off.

Naturally, I vented about it to my husband when he got back, and boy, was he shocked! This woman didn't even bother introducing herself to me after being all buddy-buddy with him. Talk about two-faced.

Anyway, when my husband finally joins me for pickup, this lady pulls a move. She spots my husband, who she hasn't seen in weeks, and grabs his shoulder, asking how he's doing (without even noticing me). Thank god my hubby has some decency and immediately introduces us. And get this, she claims to remember seeing me at some event months ago, which is a load of bull since I see her every freaking day!

Ever since that awkward encounter, she actively says hi to my husband and completely ignores me when I'm alone. Like, seriously? Is she trying to flirt and start some kind of relationship with my married man? What the actual f\*\*k? We hold hands, for crying out loud! It's obvious we're together.

I've never dealt with this petty, competitive behavior before, and it's driving me nuts. Part of me wants to call her out on her BS, but my husband thinks she's just a sad, pathetic loser who's not worth our time. He's determined to stonewall her and completely ignore her from now on because he thinks she's got serious issues. 

So, fellow Redditors, what would you do in my shoes? Should I confront this delusional flirt? Or should we just let her wallow in her own patheticness? Ugh, I need your help, guys. This whole situation is making my blood boil.
------
Okay, let me get this straight. You're saying that the DSLR is only better than a phone at zoom and long exposure? Seriously? Did you even bother to read my previous posts where I explained why that's not the case?

Let me reiterate. A $500 camera is worse at everyday photography than a Pixel 2 or an iPhone unless you're talking about zoom or using advanced techniques that require expensive software like Lightroom and Photoshop. And let's be real, those programs aren't exactly free.

You mentioned the T6, but let me tell you, that camera is a joke. It can only do 3 frames per second in burst mode with its outdated 18MP sensor and lackluster image processor. And the autofocus? Don't even get me started on that. No dual pixel technology in sight. It's inferior to a Pixel or an iPhone, no doubt about it. What I was actually talking about was the SL2, a capable body with a good sensor and image processor, and yes, it even has dual pixel for video, albeit not in 4K. And it comes with the same old 18-55 kit lens that every camera brings. I've used this camera myself, so I know its limitations. Trust me, it's only worth it if you invest in a good lens for it. Otherwise, it's pretty underwhelming, especially if you don't have the STM version of the 18-55.

Look, I'm not here to argue with you. If you'd rather have a T6 than an iPhone or Pixel 2 in most situations, that's your choice. But when you're out there trying to capture birds in flight or your kid blowing out birthday candles, or shooting sunsets with loads of foreground subjects, just remember to have your phone as a backup. I'm speaking from my own experience here.

And what's all this talk about discarding video? Are you kidding me? You're seriously saying that the first steps of your kid shouldn't be captured because you're using a DSLR? Come on, give me a break.

Lastly, let me remind you that the best camera is the one you have with you. I own an iPhone 8+ and a Sony A7III, and guess what? Half of my photos are taken with my iPhone. My fancy DSLR kit is just sitting at home most days while I rely on my phone for capturing moments on the go.

Oh, and I can't believe you brought up the Canon 500mm lens. That thing costs around $9000! I'm going to assume you were talking about those cheap Chinese alternatives. Please, spare me. Those lenses produce nothing but blur and flare, unless you're shooting in optimal conditions. And even then, they have zero sharpness.

And don't even get me started on the Canon 75-300. It's not stabilized, which is exactly why it's so cheap. Sure, it might beat a phone with no zoom, but it's severely limited. On an APS-C camera, that's equivalent to a 450mm zoom without stabilization. Unless you have a $300 very stable tripod and you're shooting still subjects, do yourself a favor and get the 55-250 instead.

Seriously, just stop. Photography is my hobby, just like phones. I've bought almost every new phone that has come out, and I've had several cameras over the years. I may not shoot as much as I'd like to, but I stay informed about both subjects.

And by the way, I wouldn't recommend the T6 to anyone other than an absolute beginner who wants to test the waters with DSLRs. That camera will become a frustrating limitation sooner rather than later, and then they'll end up spending even more money to upgrade to an SL2 or maybe even an 80D.

There, I hope that clears things up for you. Now maybe you can rethink your stance on DSLRs versus phones in everyday photography.
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I've got some thoughts to share on this whole purity culture nonsense. Growing up in the church, I can't even begin to describe how confusing it was to be bombarded with all these teachings about sexuality. Seriously, my generation had so many ridiculous resources thrown at us that it's a wonder any of us made it out unscathed. "I kissed dating goodbye"? More like "I kissed my sanity goodbye" after reading that garbage.

And let's not forget about the infamous "true love waits" movement. Oh boy, what a load of crap that was. Purity rings, purity pledges, all these things were shoved down our throats like we were supposed to be little saints or something. Like, sorry Mom and Dad, but I don't think a shiny ring is going to magically protect me from the big bad world of sex.

But oh no, it doesn't stop there. My church decided to take things to a whole new level of absurdity by using "Every young man's/woman's battle" as their guide to teach us about sexuality. Seriously? This book made it seem like love was some kind of limited resource. Apparently, the more partners you had, the less ability you had to love. Yeah, because love is just a mathematical equation, right?

According to these brilliant teachings, anyone who had more than one partner was basically doomed to a life of half-assed love. Guess that means I'm destined for eternal misery since I've had more than my fair share of relationships. And let's not forget about the concept of soul ties. Oh, those were fun. Apparently, once you've slept with someone, you're forever connected to them emotionally. Like, seriously? Just because I hooked up with someone doesn't mean I'm permanently attached to them by some invisible emotional umbilical cord.

The church even went so far as to shame anyone who engaged in premarital sex, using lovely metaphors like spit in a cup, chewed gum, or a flower with its petals pulled off. And don't even get me started on the whole masturbation debacle. Masturbation was seen as selfish and sinful, but apparently, young men struggle with porn while young women struggle with emotional needs when it comes to sex. Give me a break.

But wait, there's more. Some churches even took things up another notch by promoting concepts like "no-touch courtship" and even "betrothal." Yeah, because denying basic physical affection is the key to a healthy relationship. And let's not forget the purity balls where fathers promise to be the guardians of their daughters' precious virginity. Sorry, but that's just creepy.

Look, I get that these teachings were meant to provide guidance and protect young people, but they missed the mark completely. Instead of empowering us to make informed decisions about our own bodies and relationships, they instilled fear and shame. And surprise, surprise, it turns out that this messed up messaging has lasting impacts.

In recent years, books have come out exposing the damage caused by purity culture teachings. They focus on the obsession with virginity, the shaming of non-virgins, and the destruction of self-worth. And guess what? It turns out that repressing your sexuality for years doesn't just magically disappear as soon as you say "I do." Sexual dysfunction, anyone?

So here's the million-dollar question: how do we change the dialogue and create a more sex-positive message for the next generation? Well, it starts with the church acknowledging their role in damaging young souls. They need to step up and take responsibility for the lies and fear they've instilled in us.

We need to encourage open conversations about sex and relationships within the church community. No more sweeping these topics under the rug or pretending they don't exist. We need to provide accurate information and promote healthy attitudes towards sex, consent, and relationships.

And for heaven's sake, let's ditch all those purity culture teachings that have done nothing but mess with our heads. It's time to embrace our sexuality and accept ourselves as the sexual beings we were meant to be. Because guess what? It's okay to enjoy sex. It's okay to have desires. It's okay to explore and experiment (within healthy boundaries, of course).

So, if you're a child of purity culture teachings like me, I want to hear from you. Did these teachings help you or hinder you? Personally, I can't think of a single positive thing that came out of it. What would you keep? Spoiler alert: the answer is probably nothing. And what do you wish you hadn't been taught? Well, where do I even begin?

The church needs to wake up and realize that they're driving people away with this outdated and harmful mentality. My generation isn't having as many kids as our parents and grandparents did, and I can't help but think that it's partly because we've been guilt-tripped and shamed into suppressing our natural desires.

So come on, church leaders, it's time to step up and change the narrative. Let's create a new message that empowers young people and allows them to embrace their sexuality without fear or shame. Our future depends on it.
------
Hey guys, just thought I'd share my thoughts on the whole body mass and radiosensitivity thing. So, apparently there's this thing called Peto's paradox, which basically says that bigger animals are less prone to cancer than smaller ones. Pretty weird, right?

So, here's my totally unscientific guess as a radiation oncologist. See, insects, those little critters, they're small and short-lived. That means they don't really have to worry about cancer too much. Their cells have these super high levels of DNA repair machinery going on. Even if their repairs aren't perfect, it doesn't really matter because the chances of them dying from cancer before kicking the bucket from old age are slim to none. But hey, if their DNA repair mechanisms were crappy, they'd be toast when it comes to harmful stuff like chemicals or radiation. So of course, evolution is like, "Yo insects, you better crank up that DNA repair game!"

Humans, on the other hand, we're big and we stick around for a while. We gotta be able to resist cancer or else we'd be dropping like flies. If our cells are seriously damaged, it's better for them to die through apoptosis or get killed off by our immune system. No cancer risk, no problem. But here's the thing, if we had super high levels of error-prone DNA repair, we'd be walking cancer time bombs. And that's not so good for our fitness, you know what I mean? So we got this low level of DNA repair going on, enough to keep us functioning but not enough to make us all cancer-prone.

And get this, DNA double-strand-break repair, it can mess things up too. Even the so-called "high-fidelity" repair pathway can cause permanent genetic changes. Plus, when you've got a radiation-induced lethal double-strand break, there's probably a bunch of other DNA damage hanging around too. This thing called clustered base damage is a hot topic in radiation therapy and space medicine, folks. Repairing all that clustered damage could actually lead to permanent genetic changes, which can then lead to cancer. So, maybe for long-lived mammals like us, it's better for our cells to not be so gung-ho about fixing all that damage. They sacrifice themselves to keep us going for longer. It's like cell suicide to promote our own lifespan.

Now, don't go thinking any of this is backed up by hard evidence or anything. It's just my little hypothesis, but it seems to make sense to me. What do you guys think?
------
Alright, listen up folks. I've got some thoughts to share on this whole gun optimization thing. Now, if you're gonna be all high and mighty and assume that you're gonna have access to multiple guns, well then it just makes sense to optimize them for separate purposes. I mean, come on, it's not rocket science.

Okay, let's talk about body armor for a minute. If you're up against someone wearing one of those fancy schmancy vests, the solution is simple - have a team. Yeah, you heard me right. You're not gonna survive on your lonesome against a group of baddies with body armor, even if you have military-grade AP ammo. I mean, seriously, you gotta have a team to watch your back and cover all angles. Otherwise, you're screwed.

And even if you do have a team, guess what? You're still at a disadvantage. Why? Because you're stuck in one place while those sneaky bastards can creep up on you without you even noticing. It's like playing hide and seek, except you're the clueless idiot who can't find anyone.

Now, let's talk about this whole body armor thing. Turns out, the main thing you wanna do is cause some serious damage with your shots, not necessarily penetrate that steel plate. Those AR500 plates are curved, so good luck getting through with your puny 5.56 steel tips. What you really wanna do is create some fragmentation by splattering the round against the target. That's where the real magic happens.

Oh, and don't even get me started on those "spall liners." They might stop a couple of rifle rounds, but they'll tear apart faster than you can say "what the hell?" Once those nasty fragments start tearing through the liner, it's game over for your precious armor. Even a vest with plate inserts won't stand a chance against rifle fragments. Kevlar's weak spot is sharp edges, and trust me, those fragments are sharper than your mom's nagging.

So, what's the solution? Simple. You need more lead and more energy in your shots. Throw those big, fat chunks of lead right into their jaw or neck. And hey, go for a larger round so it can easily frag the items on their carrier, like magazines and whatnot. Yeah, let's make their lives even more miserable.

Now, when it comes to ceramic plates, you gotta put some serious force into them. And by serious force, I mean using something like an AR-10. The good ol' .308 does wonders against ceramic plates. It shatters and cracks them like nobody's business. Take that, you fancy composite armor!

But hey, let's not forget stockpiling. It's all about having the right ammunition for different situations. For general purposes, I'd go with the good ol' M193. It yaws better, making it great against unarmored targets and even medium game. Plus, it frags as good as, or even better than, the M855 against plate armor. So, you're covered on pretty much all fronts.

And don't even get me started on those PCCs. Sure, they might work for home defense, but they're not gonna cut it in a situation like this. You can't always choose the range or whether the target has armor. A 9mm round, even with a 16" barrel, won't do much against soft armor or hard armor. It's like trying to tickle a bull with a feather - completely ineffective.

This is exactly why PCCs and SMGs have fallen out of favor compared to intermediate carbines in the first place. They just don't have the versatility and stopping power you need in these scenarios. I mean, come on, do you really think you're gonna have equal access to all types of weapons? Let's be realistic here. You're probably gonna choose one or the other for your daily carry, and in that case, the AR wins hands down.

So, in conclusion, you do you, and I'll do me. We all have our own opinions and preferences when it comes to optimizing our guns. But hey, let's keep it real and remember that having a solid team, causing maximum damage, and being prepared for different situations are key factors to consider. Stay safe out there, folks.
------
Alright, let's get one thing straight right off the bat - there *is* proof of a correlation between higher rates of chronic depression, marginalization, and poverty among different people groups. It's not some made-up concept or a conspiracy theory. This correlation has been studied extensively and proven time and time again. So, before you go on some ignorant rant about how mental health issues are just a personal problem and that marginalized individuals are to blame for their own struggles, educate yourself.

Now, I'm not saying that this correlation automatically means that marginalization causes mental health problems. That's a whole different ballgame called causation, and it's a bit trickier to prove. But what we do know is that there is a close connection between social exclusion and higher rates of suicide. And that, my friend, is backed by solid evidence.

Let's take a look at some studies conducted on racialized subjects in Canada. These studies have shown that institutional and structural discrimination, along with antagonistic legal actions, actually increase the rate of suicide and depression among LGBTQ+ individuals. If you don't believe me, go ahead and check out the sources I provided (<url>). It's all there, plain as day.

But it doesn't stop there. Transgender teens, bless their brave souls, often face bullying and harassment throughout their lives. And guess what? That takes a toll on their mental health. It's not rocket science. Harsh realities like these have been documented and studied extensively. Don't believe me? Well, here's another source for you: "The Experiences of Transgender Youth in Our Nation's Schools." Go ahead, give it a read if you dare.

Oh, and let's not forget about the correlation between physical/verbal abuse and self-harm/suicidality. That's right, my friend, when you constantly face abuse and harassment, it tends to mess with your head. I suggest you take a look at "Mental Health Disorders, Psychological Distress, and Suicidality in a Diverse Sample of LGBT Youths" from the American Journal of Public Health. Maybe then you'll start to grasp the reality of the situation.

And here's another term for you to wrap your head around - minority stress theory. This theory, which has been widely accepted by mental health professionals, focuses on the higher rates of mental health issues and suicide among marginalized groups. Sure, some critics might argue that correlation doesn't imply causation, but even they can't deny the overwhelming evidence supporting this theory.

I did manage to find a study that explores a causal relationship between discrimination and mental health (and physical health too!). But even if most of the evidence available is correlational, it's foolish to dismiss it outright. Especially when it comes to something as crucial as the mental well-being of transgender individuals. So please, spare us your misguided assumptions that being transgender automatically makes someone mentally unhealthy. Most psychologists would disagree with that line of thinking, and for good reason.

In conclusion, before you go spouting off ignorant remarks and dismissing the struggles of marginalized individuals, take a moment to educate yourself. The evidence is out there, and it's time for you to open your eyes and see it. Don't be that person who sees being transgender or belonging to any marginalized group through a negative lens for no reason at all. Have some empathy, understanding, and respect. It goes a long way.
------
Ugh, here we go again. I was hoping to avoid this whole mess, but I guess I can't resist getting into it. So you're telling me that there's some "definite" meaning of a word that's determined by a bunch of so-called experts? Give me a break. Sure, I get that it kinda makes sense to think about words that way, but that's just not how language works in the real world.

Linguistics, my friend, has shown us time and time again that words go through all sorts of changes. They can start out meaning one thing and end up meaning something completely different. Sometimes they even end up meaning the opposite of what they originally meant. And get this, even the supposed "experts" have changed the meanings of certain words throughout history. So much for their infallible expertise, huh?

But wait, there's more! The actual form of a word, whether it's spoken or written, can be totally arbitrary. It can vary depending on who's speaking and what language they're speaking. So how can you possibly claim that there's a "correct" way to use a word? Language is a social thing, just like ethics. And let me tell you, ethics ain't exactly black and white. There's always room for disagreement and interpretation.

Now, I'm not saying I know the "true" meaning of socialism or anything like that. Hell, I'm not even saying there is such a thing as a "true" meaning. All I'm saying is that, yes, you might have some experts on your side when it comes to defining socialism, but there are also plenty of people out there who use the word differently. And because of the way language works, there's no absolutes. It's all about communication, or miscommunication, if you will.

So go ahead, keep trying to correct everyone who uses socialism "wrong". I mean, hey, good luck with that, really. Maybe someday we'll all communicate perfectly in sync and there won't be any confusion. But honestly, I think it's gonna take you a damn long time to achieve that. And instead of wasting your time and energy on correcting every single person, maybe it'd be more efficient and pleasant if we only corrected each other when it actually mattered. You know, when there's a real intention to communicate something important.

So thanks for your little language lessons today, but I think I'm done here. Have a great day, or whatever.
------
Hey everyone,

Just wanted to update y'all on the recent drama in my life. So, I showed my BF the last post I made because I couldn't find the balls to say it to his face. He was pretty bummed about it but he's used to dealing with assholes because he's asexual. Anyways, he agreed with all the advice you guys gave me to confront my roommate, and we thought writing her a letter would be the best way to do it since I'm all about writing letters for every damn emotion known to mankind.

Let me tell you, that shit was the hardest thing I've ever written. I went for the simple and blunt approach, no beating around the bush. I straight up told her that I overheard her talking shit about me, and while I was willing to work on our relationship, I needed some space from her toxic ass.

Now, get this, I was planning on packing my bags and leaving the letter on her bed when she decided to come home early. Talk about shitty timing, amirite? So, I said fuck it and just laid it all out there. I told her I heard what she said about me not being good enough and calling me names. At first, she denied it like the sneaky snake she is, but I shut that shit down real quick. Then she tried to justify it and make it seem like I was overreacting. Like, bitch, I ain't dumb. I just stared her down until she finally started apologizing and crying.

At that moment, I actually thought there might be hope for our friendship, but nope, she just had to start playing the victim. Let me give you a rundown of her lame-ass excuses:

1. Apparently, it's sooooo hard for her because she's pretty. Like, seriously? Give me a break.
2. She thinks I can't relate to her because I'm used to being second best. Newsflash, honey, I'm way better than you'll ever be.
3. Oh, and she's jealous that I have a smoking hot BF who's way out of my league while she's still single and miserable. Sucks to be her.
4. She gets embarrassed when we go out together and she has to explain to people that my BF is actually mine, not hers. Cry me a river, loser.
5. And get this, she believes asexuality doesn't even exist and that we're just doing it for attention. Like, seriously? Who hurt this girl?

I couldn't even respond. I was so shocked by her stupidity. She then had the audacity to say she was going out to "recover from our traumatic conversation" and left. Yeah, traumatic for her ego maybe.

So, I finished packing my shit and left the letters on her bed like I originally planned. Now, I'm crashing at my BF's place and desperately searching for an affordable room that's not too far from my job.

Oh, and as if that wasn't enough drama for one week, I also wrote letters to my so-called "friends" and then promptly blocked them on social media and on my phone. Can't waste my energy on those fake-ass people. I know they'll try to approach me at work, but I couldn't give a fuck less.

And, oh boy, let's not forget about my lovely parents. I had dinner with them last Friday and spilled the beans about what happened (minus the juicy sex life details, of course). And you know what they said? They actually had the audacity to agree with my roommate! Can you believe that shit? They thought I was pranking them when they met my BF for the first time. And then my dad had the nerve to call me selfish for breaking the lease and betraying my sister's trust! Like, are you fucking kidding me?

So, yeah, I'm ignoring the hell out of my parents and my sister since all this went down. I'm just tired, man. Tired of all the bullshit drama and the people who don't have my back.

TL;DR: Spoke with my BF, things went well. Spoke with my sister, it was a disaster. Packed my bags and moved out. Talked with my parents, they called me selfish. Ain't got no time for their drama.

That's it for now, folks. Just wanted to vent and let you all know what's been going on in my life. Thanks for listening. Peace out!
------
Damn, this is a good question, and I've totally been there, man. So, let me tell you about this one time I was hanging out in this libertarian Facebook group, and they were all supportive of my story at first. But then, shit hit the fan and they turned into a bunch of assholes. They started calling me out for taking things too seriously and said that this dude Augustus, who I was talking about, was just some dumb goth larper. Like seriously, what the fuck?

Now, when it comes to dismissal, it really depends on the situation, you know? Like, what kind of dismissal are we talking about? Who's doing the dismissing? And in what damn context? 'Cause look, I'll be honest, I don't think completely dismissing Augustus is the smartest move. Some of these dudes might fade away if we ignore them, but there are others who are ticking time bombs, my friend. I mean, when I found out that Augustus was a fascist, I actually thought about validating him and engaging in conversation to maybe change his fucked up views. But let me tell ya, that shit was hopeless, and I realized it pretty damn quick.

Now, here's the thing about these groups, man. I think there's a link between sexual frustration and joining them. Society tells guys that their worth is determined by how good they are with women, right? But then it's like fucking impossible for them to find intimacy, and on top of that, they're only allowed to want sex and not emotional shit. That sets them up for failure, my dude. I mean, who the hell wants to be with a guy who can't even express his damn emotions? So, they join these fringe groups where they can feel like big shots without giving a damn about what women think. It's messed up, but that's how it goes.

Let me tell you, I've had clients who fit the exact stereotype of these reactionary motherfuckers or incels. Some of them straight-up hate my guts and act like I'm some goddamn predator forcing them to give me money. But most of the time, it's not that extreme. When I come across a client who seems like they're way out there and lacking in social skills, I try my best to validate their emotions, without endorsing their fucked up views or embarrassing the shit out of them by making it too obvious that they're emotionally vulnerable. And let me tell you, man, I've actually been able to challenge some of their messed up ideas about gender and sexuality during our conversations. Especially if they become regular customers, it's like a freaking adventure in my line of work.

So, yeah, I hope all that rambling of mine makes sense, dude. It's a tricky situation, but sometimes you gotta approach it with a mix of understanding and calling bullshit when you see it. Keep fighting the good fight, my friend! Peace out.
------
Ok, so let me break down this whole port forwarding thing for you. Trust me, I'm no expert, but I've had my fair share of frustrations with it. Essentially, when you're hosting a game on your computer, whether it's Minecraft or whatever, your router needs to know where to send incoming connections. And that's where port forwarding comes in.

Now, when you're just browsing the internet and sending out requests for web pages, your router does its thing and sends the page back to you. Easy peasy. But when you're hosting a game, it's a whole different ballgame. You're sitting there, waiting for other players to connect to you, like some sort of server.

But here's the problem: your router doesn't have a clue who these incoming packages are looking for. So it's like, "Nah, I don't know where to send this stuff, so I'm just gonna refuse the connection." Such a drama queen, I swear.

So, how do we solve this issue? Enter port forwarding. Basically, with port forwarding, you can tell your router, "Hey, anything that's coming in on a specific port, like 30852 for Minecraft, needs to go straight to my computer." And boom, your router will obediently send any incoming traffic on that port directly to your computer.

Nowadays, though, things have become a bit more convenient. Thank goodness for that! Most games use fancy systems, like Steam, to handle all the connections for you. You just sign in with your username, and they take care of all the technical stuff. No more messing around with port forwarding like we used to back in the day.

I'm not exactly sure how they do it, to be honest. But hey, if it means I don't have to mess with my router settings, I'm all for it. The last time I had to forward ports for a game was when I set up a Minecraft server ages ago. Man, those were the days.

Anyway, I think the reason it took a while for this change to happen is because internet speeds weren't as fast as they are now. Back in the late 90s and early 2000s, we had those blazing 280 kbps (yes, I said "blazing" sarcastically) connections. Meanwhile, games were getting all fancy with their 3D graphics and stuff, demanding faster speeds to keep up.

So, multiplayer PC gaming mostly happened at good old LAN parties. You know, where everyone brought their computers together and connected them through a local network. In that case, port forwarding wasn't even a concern. You could just directly connect to each other's computers without any hassle.

But eventually, internet speeds caught up, and people wanted to play their favorite LAN party games online. And that's when the headache of port forwarding became a necessary evil. We had to go fiddle with our routers and figure out how the heck this whole thing worked.

Thankfully, we've come a long way since then. No more LAN parties or messing with router settings (unless you're hosting a really old game or something). So, yeah, that's the deal with port forwarding. It's a pain, but sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do to get that multiplayer gaming fix.
------
Yo, fellow Redditors! Let's talk about evolution, the bomb-ass law that explains how life changes over time. So basically, this law says that the frequency of different traits in a population changes over multiple generations. The genes in the gene pool can get added, removed, or modified, which results in changes in the physical characteristics of living beings. And guess what? There are a bunch of scientific facts that back this up!

Now, here's the deal: evolution ain't just some random idea. It's a theory that explains the reality of how life evolves, combining all the juicy facts and laws that we know about. Think about it this way - if something doesn't reproduce, it ain't passing on its genes. And the genes that do get passed on are affected by all sorts of things like mutations, heredity, and even those sneaky viruses that like to mess around with our DNA.

When it comes to finding a theory that explains evolution, we've had a few contenders in the ring. One dude named Owen suggested that maybe a god learns from their mistakes, leading to an "old earth creation" kind of scenario. On the other hand, we got my main boys Lamarck and Darwin, each with their own ideas about how evolution goes down.

Lamarck believed that changes were related to what an organism did during its lifetime. So, if a parent stretched itself out, the kid would come out a bit stretched too. Sounds weird, right? But hey, it's just one take on things. Darwin, on the other hand, thought that changes were random and small, and then natural and sexual selection came into play. Basically, the ones best suited to their environment and getting freaky with the ladies survived and passed on their awesome traits. It's like survival of the fittest, baby!

But wait, there's more! Enter the concept of heredity. This bad boy explains why you ain't gonna see birds giving birth to frogs or crocs popping out human babies. All living things inherit features from their family tree. That's why you might have your mom's eye color, your dad's height, and maybe even some traits from your long-lost great-uncle Joe.

Then, science dropped a bombshell called DNA. They found out that this groovy molecule can trace your family history and explain all those funky traits you got. Turns out, we all have a bunch of mutations happening in our bodies all the time. But don't worry, most of them go unnoticed or lead to things like cell death and cancer (not so cool). However, some mutations can be pretty badass, like the ability to digest milk as an adult or having natural immunity to HIV.

Oh, and let's not forget about viruses and neoteny. These dudes also played a role in shaping evolution. Viruses have been around, causin' havoc and makin' changes for ages. And neoteny? It's like when organisms retain a juvenile form throughout their lives, which can lead to some crazy evolutions.

So, the theory of evolution we use today takes all this epic knowledge and rolls it into one big package. It doesn't include a god by default, but hey, you can believe in a god and still dig evolution. It just raises some serious questions about the whole god being involved in the first place, ya know?

So there you have it, peeps. Evolution is the bomb, explaining how life changes and evolves over time. It's backed by some solid scientific facts, and even though we've had a few theories come and go, the current one we got going is pretty damn cool. So keep on scrolling, keep on learning, and keep on appreciating the wonders of evolution, my fellow Redditors! Peace out!
------
Okay, first of all, I have to say that your interpretation of the situation is completely off base and quite frankly, it's annoying. So let me set the record straight for you.

You seem to think that I somehow didn't give her space when in reality, I had been trying to give her space for two whole months. I was just anxious about the unresolved conflict between us, which is completely understandable. And yes, I messed up by not handling it properly, but at least I can admit my mistakes unlike some people.

And don't you dare accuse me of talking about her sex life like I knew it better than she did. That's just ridiculous. The only time I ever mentioned anything about her sex life was when she complained to me that dating was difficult for her because she wanted to wait until marriage. It was an accidental slip on my part, and I immediately apologized for it. So get your facts straight before making such rude accusations.

Let's move on to this whole online dating profiles debacle. I have never been angry about her online dating profiles, okay? I couldn't care less about who she matches with or talks to. But what did bother me was seeing that Hank had replaced me. That's right, I said it. He took my place, and it was a hard pill to swallow. So don't twist my words and make it seem like I was angry about her profiles when that's not the case.

And speaking of Hank, he never dated her. Let me repeat that for you: HE NEVER DATED HER. They hung out once, and for him, it was a date. But for her, it was just two friends hanging out. I know this because we talked about it over a year ago, way before our falling out even happened. So stop spreading false information and making it seem like there was some love triangle going on. It's pathetic.

Now, let's address your claim that she likes Hank. That's just not true. She explicitly told me that she only saw us both as friends, and I respect that. Even if she did end up liking Hank, I would have supported her decision, no matter how much I might have personally disapproved. So stop assuming things and spreading baseless rumors.

And no, I did not withhold information about Hank from her just to prevent her from being with him. That's a ridiculous accusation. She asked me about him, and I simply told her what he had said to me. He wanted to play some "game of questions" or whatever, so I mentioned how he had bragged about using questions to make Pam fall in love with him. That was the extent of it. I didn't try to manipulate her or sabotage anything. So stop twisting the truth to fit your narrative.

Now, let's talk about dealbreakers. Yes, she laid out a dealbreaker for herself, which is completely fine. But knowing Hank and knowing myself, I agreed with Tom that it would also be a dealbreaker for him. And let me tell you something about Hank  he flew halfway across the country just to sleep with a girl he had been talking to online. So forgive me if I didn't have the highest opinion of him. But again, it's not my decision to make, and I would have respected her choice regardless.

And where on earth did you come up with the idea that she "discovered" that I still had feelings for her and was trying to sabotage things with Hank? I never said any of that. I have said it time and time again  I did not have feelings for her anymore, and I had no reason to sabotage anything because there was nothing between her and Hank. In fact, he even told me himself that he was over her because he realized she was selfish. So stop making up lies and pretending like you know what went on between us.

And what's this nonsense about not taking responsibility? I have taken responsibility for my actions and mistakes. Just because I explained the situation and defended my actions doesn't mean I'm not taking responsibility. It's called setting the record straight and making sure that people like you don't spread false information and misconceptions. So don't try to twist my words and make it seem like I'm avoiding responsibility.

And finally, let's address your claim that she stopped spending time with me and talking to me. Yes, she did stop spending as much time with me, but that doesn't mean she completely stopped being friends with me. She gave me the silent treatment for a while, which I understand because she needed to process her anger. But we still hung out regularly, just not in the same way we used to. So stop exaggerating and making it seem like she cut me out of her life completely.

Oh, and let's not forget your little comment about her getting a restraining order against me. That was simply a threat made over three months after everything happened. And even then, it was over a month after she said she was done being friends. I have always respected her boundaries and her decisions. So don't try to paint me as some creepy stalker when nothing could be further from the truth.

So there you have it. The real story. It's clear that you've misunderstood or deliberately twisted the facts to fit your own narrative. But let me assure you, I am not the villain here. I have been honest and truthful throughout this entire ordeal. So before you go accusing me or spreading false information, take a moment to consider the facts and maybe, just maybe, try to see things from someone else's perspective.
------
Alright, here's my own informal and impolite post on a new thread in a subreddit:

>LOL this whole Kavanaugh thing is such a freaking joke. Are we seriously supposed to believe this chick who can't even remember basic details? I mean, come on, who doesn't remember stuff from years ago, right? It's called trauma, people! Have any of you ever experienced that? So cut her some slack!

And FYI, she accused Kavanaugh before he was even nominated. She reached out to her state rep when he was on the shortlist. And the fact that she met with a Democratic lawyer before going public just shows that she's desperate for attention and trying to make the whole thing political. As for assessing her memories, her testimony today was so inconsistent and vague. Like, make up your mind already!

Oh, and let's not forget that she's still not 100% sure it was Kavanaugh. How convenient, right? I mean, if you're gonna ruin a man's life, at least be sure about it! And don't get me started on her so-called witnesses. All four of them denied her story, which basically means she's full of crap. Where's the evidence, lady?

And guess what? Kavanaugh has freaking calendars from those years that prove he's innocent. Yeah, like calendars are the ultimate truth-tellers. Give me a break! What about all the impromptu events he went to that aren't listed on those damn calendars? Huh? You can't trust those things!

But hey, Kavanaugh's willing to go on public TV with his wife to defend himself. I mean, come on, if he's innocent, why wouldn't he be? And he even claims to have been a virgin during the time of the allegations. Sure, buddy, whatever you say. Who doesn't lie about stuff like that, am I right?

And don't get me started on Ford refusing to testify under oath. Wait, what? She actually testified under oath? Well, I must've missed that. But hey, who cares about facts, right? Let's just jump to conclusions based on our own biases!

And Feinstein? Ugh, don't even get me started on her. Sitting on this story for months just to use it for maximum political impact? Classic move, Democrats. They're just using poor Ford as a pawn in their little game. But let's not talk about that because it's so inconvenient, right?

Honestly, I talked to my Trump supporter mom, and she doesn't care if Kavanaugh was a freaking serial rapist in high school. She still thinks he'll make an "honorable" Supreme Court judge. Can you believe that? It's messed up, man. People just don't wanna face the truth because it doesn't fit their narrative. So let's just call Ford a liar and keep living in our delusional little world.

*sigh* Rant over. Can't wait for this whole circus to be over. Let's move on, people!
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I've got a bone to pick with American culture. Now, before you start getting all defensive and telling me how amazing everything is, just hear me out. I've been scrolling through this subreddit and let me tell you, there are some things about American culture that just don't make sense to me.

Let's start with fashion. Now, I don't know about you, but when I think of American style, I picture people wearing sweatpants and oversized t-shirts everywhere they go. I mean, come on! Can't we put a little more effort into our outfits? I'm tired of seeing people walking around looking like they just rolled out of bed. And don't even get me started on those cowboy hats and boots. I thought that was just a stereotype, but apparently, it's a real thing in Texas. Who knew?

Next up, we have the constitution. Oh boy, this document is like a sacred text to Americans. It's like they worship it or something. I get it, it's important and all, but do we really need to base 95% of our political debates on its interpretation? Can't we have some original thoughts for once? It's like the constitution is the answer to every question, and if you dare to question it, you're labeled as some kind of unpatriotic traitor. Give me a break!

Speaking of patriotism, Americans are obsessed with their country. I mean, they practically worship bald eagles and blast heavy metal guitar riffs on the 4th of July. It's like they have to prove how patriotic they are at every opportunity. And don't even get me started on the red, white, and blue bikinis. Seriously, what's up with that? As a young American male, I can tell you that it's not exactly a turn-on for me. But hey, to each their own, I guess.

Now let's talk about racism. Look, I'm not saying that all Americans are racist, but let's be real here. The history of race relations in this country is not exactly something to be proud of. Sure, progress has been made, but there's still work to be done. And let's not pretend that racism doesn't exist anymore. It may not be as overt as it once was, but it's still there, lurking beneath the surface. So let's stop pretending that America is some kind of post-racial utopia, okay?

Okay, here's a topic that really grinds my gears: gun rights. I understand the whole "right to bear arms" thing, but come on, America! Do we really need 300 million guns floating around? It's like every other person has a gun tucked away somewhere. And don't even get me started on the Second Amendment debates. It's like a never-ending cycle of arguing and nothing ever gets accomplished. Maybe, just maybe, we could try some common-sense gun control measures, you know, for the safety of everyone?

Oh, and let's not forget about the military. Americans sure do love to boast about how great their military is. It's like they think they're the best in the world or something. And while I appreciate the bravery and sacrifice of those who serve, I can't help but wonder why we spend so much money on military interventions. I mean, do we really need to be involved in every conflict around the globe? Maybe we could redirect some of those funds to, I don't know, education or healthcare? Just a thought.

Now, let's move on to music and film. Sure, America produces a lot of music and movies, but quantity doesn't always equal quality. Yeah, we have some great artists and filmmakers, but for every masterpiece, there's a ton of garbage. And let's not forget about the cultural appropriation that happens in the music industry. It seems like every other week there's a new controversy about some white artist appropriating black culture. Can we please just let artists from marginalized communities have their moment?

Finally, let's talk about sports. Look, I get that Americans love their sports, but can we please stop acting like we're the only ones who matter? Yes, American football, basketball, and baseball are popular in the States, but there are other sports out there too, you know? Soccer (or football, as the rest of the world calls it) is pretty darn popular everywhere else, but it's like Americans refuse to acknowledge it. It's time to step up our game and appreciate other sports, people!

So there you have it, my not-so-polite take on American culture. I know not everyone will agree with me, but hey, that's what makes life interesting, right? Now if you'll excuse me, I think I need a break from this subreddit before I lose faith in humanity. Peace out, y'all!
------
Hey guys, I saw this thread and thought I'd chime in with my two cents. Now, keep in mind that I'm just a casual Reddit user and not some expert on submarines or anything, so take what I say with a pinch of salt.

So, what do submarines even do? Well, from what I gather, they mainly do a lot of snooping around and spying on other stuff. You know, like recon and observations and all that jazz. It's like they're playing hide and seek in the deep sea. Pretty cool, huh?

Now, let's talk about depths. Submarines can go pretty deep, but the exact numbers are top-secret classified information. But hey, thanks to Google, we can at least get a general idea. So, for every 30 feet a sub descends, it experiences a whopping 14 pounds per square inch (psi) of pressure. That means if it goes down 300 feet, it's dealing with 144 psi! Can you imagine the force? Humans haven't gone much deeper than 1000 feet, and even then, at 465 psi, our bodies turn to mush. Ouch! But hey, subs are built differently, so they have this thing called "design depth," which is how deep they're made to go. Then there's "test depth," which is usually about two-thirds of design depth and is considered safe-ish. And finally, we have "crush depth," which is when the poor submarine just gives up and dies. Back in World War II, German U-boats had a crush depth of 700-900 feet, but I bet newer boats have way better numbers.

Now, let's get to the exciting stuff - subs fighting each other! It's like a real-life version of battleships. These days, the weapons and tech have gotten smart, making sub-on-sub warfare possible. But honestly, it's not really common. Usually, subs will play war games and try to find each other, but torpedoes, man, they can kill anything from a sub to a freakin' aircraft carrier! The most popular torpedo in the western world seems to be the adcap torpedo. I ain't no expert, so go Google it if you want more deets.

Alright, let's talk numbers. A standard deployment on a sub is around 120 people. Why so many, you ask? Well, these bad boys need constant, 24/7 watch rotations. Subs never sleep, so someone's gotta be awake all the time to keep an eye on things. They operate on a 6-hour schedule, so every 6 hours, a new person takes over a watch station. I think they're starting to experiment with 8-hour rotations, but don't quote me on that. Basically, there's always a bunch of folks on watch, while the rest are doing their own thing.

Now, I can't really say much about underwater comms 'cause it's not my area of expertise, but I heard there's some new research going on. Apparently, some fancy college just released something interesting. Might be worth checking out if you're into that sorta thing.

As for virtual reality, I highly doubt they're planning to bring that stuff into submarines. I mean, come on, these sailors already get some off-hours, and during that time, they can play games or read books. Space is a major issue, you know? The best they could probably do is a heads-up display or something. The entertainment options on board depend on personal preference. I guess the boat supplies some movie system with a library of films, maybe some gaming consoles and books too. But hey, it's up to each individual to bring their own entertainment. A lot of folks bring their trusty Game Boys on board. Gotta get that Pokemon fix, you know?

Alright, folks, that's all I got for now. If you have any other questions, hit me up. I probably Googled most of this info anyway, so it's out there if you look in the right places. Stay curious, my friends!
------
Wow, I can't believe the ignorance and stubbornness in your post. It's honestly mind-boggling. Let me break it down for you, because clearly, you're having trouble grasping some basic concepts.

First of all, your comment about indoctrination is ridiculous. You accuse others of indoctrination without even considering your own beliefs and the lack of evidence to support them. Talk about hypocrisy! Just because someone disagrees with you or challenges your beliefs doesn't mean they are attacking you. It means they have a different perspective and are willing to engage in a discussion. But I guess that's too much for you to handle.

And then you bring up waking up at 5am? Seriously? What does that have to do with anything? Are you trying to make some sort of random point? Because if so, it's completely lost on me. Maybe you should try making some coherent arguments instead of throwing out unrelated anecdotes.

Next, let's address your comment about "extraordinary evidence." You seem to have trouble understanding that some claims require more evidence than others. It's not rocket science. If someone claims something extraordinary, like someone coming back from the dead, it's only fair to expect some extraordinary evidence to back it up. But I guess you're too lazy or close-minded to consider that possibility.

And don't get me started on your claims about Christianity's historical backing. You say there's no extra-biblical evidence for anything in the Bible, except for the existence of places and some mundane scenarios. Well, newsflash buddy, that's not exactly compelling evidence. We're talking about extraordinary claims here, and the fact that you can't provide any substantial evidence to support them speaks volumes.

But it's not just Christianity you have a problem with, is it? You also take a shot at Hinduism, claiming that their followers are just as convinced of their beliefs as Christians are. And you know what? You're absolutely right. People of different religions are equally convinced of their beliefs, and that's precisely why we should question them all. But no, you're so blinded by your own faith that you can't see beyond your own narrow worldview.

And then you have the audacity to claim that you've spent the last 10 years critically looking into issues and holding onto your faith. Well, forgive me if I'm not impressed. Looking into issues with a biased lens is hardly critical thinking. It's just cherry-picking evidence to fit your preconceived beliefs. If you truly valued evidence, you would be open to questioning your faith and considering alternative viewpoints. But clearly, you're not interested in that.

And finally, let's talk about your comment on Genesis and whether it's intended to be a scientific account. Seriously, do I even need to address this? Genesis is a religious text, not a scientific journal. It's full of myths and allegories, not factual accounts. The fact that you can't differentiate between the two just goes to show how deluded you really are.

In conclusion, your post is nothing more than a misguided attempt to defend your beliefs without providing any substantial evidence. It's filled with fallacies, hypocrisy, and ignorance. If you want to engage in a meaningful discussion, I suggest you open your mind, educate yourself, and consider the possibility that you might be wrong. Until then, I'll be scrolling past your posts without giving them a second thought.
------
Hey guys, so I stumbled upon this hilarious build that I just had to share with you all. It's not gonna make you a Diablo 3 god or anything, but trust me, it's a total riot to play. So, let's get into the nitty-gritty.

First things first, we're gonna focus on the moribund gauntlets. These bad boys don't have any RNG rolls, so they're perfect to equip. Your golem sheds a corpse every second with these babies, and let me tell you, it's a sight to behold. Plus, since there's no randomness involved, you can totally use Kanai's Cube for other legendaries that actually have important rolls.

Next up, we gotta talk about the Pestilence Master Set. This set is the heart and soul of our build. Consuming corpses automatically fires a corpse lance, giving us nonstop 50% damage reduction. And that's not all, folks. Our bone spear damage gets a whopping 3300% increase, and corpse lance damage gets a nice 1650% boost. I mean, come on, who wouldn't want that?

Now, here's where things start to get really fun. We're gonna use the life from death passive to make health globes go flying everywhere. I mean, seriously, what's more entertaining than watching health globes rain down on your enemies? And it's not just for show either, because we're gonna pair it up with Reaper's Wraps to constantly refill our resource. Unlimited power, my friends.

Now, some might say that all these health globes would make us pretty tanky, but let's not get ahead of ourselves. We don't wanna be glass cannons, right? So, we're gonna throw in Dayntee's Binding, which cuts the damage we take in half when we use curses. And let's not forget about Endless Walk, because who doesn't love a little extra dodge chance? Plus, Stand Alone gives us some sweet extra armor. Screw the cheat death passive, we'd rather die and keep the corpse parade going strong.

I know some people would go for a poison build here, but I wanted to take it to the next level of memery. So, I went with a cold build. That ruled out the poison weapon (I can't remember what it's called, honestly), so I decided to go with Maltorius' Petrified Spike and cube Scythe of the Cycle instead. Gotta keep it weird, you know?

Now, let's talk jewelry. Krysbin's Sentence is a must-have for this build. With all the cold damage and Bane of the Trapped, you can bet your sweet ass that we're getting at least the basic "slow" bonus. Stuns on bone armor, Templar skills, and Zei's Stone help unlock the bigger damage boost, so you can obliterate everything in your path. Seriously, it's a thing of beauty.

And finally, to round out the build, we gotta talk about Corpsewhisper Pauldrons. These babies give your corpse lance an additional 600% damage as long as you're constantly consuming corpses. And trust me, we'll be consuming corpses like there's no tomorrow. In the cube, don't forget to throw in a Ring of Royal Grandeur to complete the whole shebang.

Now, here's the deal. This build isn't going to get you onto the leaderboards, okay? But it's hella funny to run around dropping and devouring corpses nonstop, and that's worth something, right? I had no trouble clearing gr70 solo and doing the full season journey with this bad boy. And let me tell you, taking hits and picking up constant healing globes somehow feels like "the way it's meant to be played." It's just a fun, relaxing game, you know? Plus, this build requires not much clicking, so you can even play it one-handed. Now that's what I call convenience!

I gotta admit, I was surprised by how the strengths and weaknesses of this build turned out. I expected to mow down weaker mobs with corpses shooting off nonstop lances, creating a snowball effect of carnage. But no, running around gathering globes kept me on my toes. The rift guardian was surprisingly the easiest part. My trusty Templar would run in and stun, while I hit bone armor and stunned as well. And of course, my golem was there to generate some extra lances and get another stun off Zei's Stone. By the time all the stuns were done, the boss was completely annihilated thanks to the extra bonus damage from Krysbin's Sentence. It's like every rift guardian melted in a few seconds without even scratching me. So, needless to say, I wouldn't recommend Bane of the Stricken for this build. It's just overkill, mate.

Look, I'm not saying this build is perfect. There are surely other optimizations that can be done. But don't forget, the meme aspect is what makes it so damn delightful. So, if you're gonna make changes, just make sure you don't accidentally remove the silly fun factor. Keep it light-hearted, my friends.

Alright, that's it from me. Thanks for taking the time to read this ramble. I hope you enjoy playing this build as much as I did. Stay meme-y, stay chill. Peace out!
------
Alright, listen up everyone. I stumbled upon this thread and I can't help but jump in here. Let me start by saying that adding a hard and fast date for when a fetus can survive outside the womb is kind of pointless. Sure, around 25 weeks is when things start looking good, but that doesn't mean every single fetus at that stage is guaranteed to make it. It's a case-by-case basis, people. But hey, I get it. We need some legal boundaries, just like we have age restrictions for drinking and smoking. Still, I'm curious about what you would call the termination of a pregnancy at 26 weeks, or whenever the fetus can actually survive. Food for thought.

And speaking of food for thought, let's touch on this whole "inalienable right" thing. Look, just because something is considered an inalienable right doesn't mean it's completely independent or can't be stopped. It means it's a natural human right that the government can't take away unless they have a darn good reason. So, if you don't think bodily autonomy falls into that category, then we're just going to have to agree to disagree, my friend.

Now, somebody here claimed that women can give birth on their own but not abort. Well, let me tell you, that claim ain't entirely accurate. Women have been performing self-abortions for quite some time, whether it's legal or not. The difference is that legalization allows for safer procedures and reduces the risks involved. So, let's not act like women are completely helpless when it comes to terminating a pregnancy.

I do agree with the notion that law and morals influence each other, but claiming that legality defines morality is a load of baloney. They're two separate things, folks. And hey, let's not forget that the government's involvement with abortion funding is more about coverage than choice. It's not the same thing.

Now, here's where things get a little dicey. When someone tells a woman that just because she has a uterus, she automatically becomes an incubator and loses her right to decide how her body will be used, well, that's pretty messed up. It's basically saying that the fetus's rights are more important than hers. Sorry, but I think a woman's right to deny the use of her body should outweigh the rights of a fetus. Her purpose in life isn't just to carry a fetus until it reaches its natural conclusion or gets terminated. She's got a lot more going on, you know?

And don't even get me started on this whole "evolution didn't give women the ability to stop pregnancy" argument. Evolution didn't do a lot of things, my friend. Advancements in medical knowledge and procedures have allowed us to control a whole bunch of stuff that evolution didn't bother with. So, let's not rely solely on evolutionary traits when it comes to making decisions about pregnancy.

Now, some genius brought up slavery as an example, and let me tell you, it's a damn good one. It shows us that legality and morality aren't the same. It also highlights the importance of recognizing bodily autonomy as a right that should be upheld. So, yeah, that's *my* point too.

Oh, and let's clear something up. The disagreement here isn't about whether the fetus should have recognition of its bodily integrity. It's about when the right to life ends. And let me tell you, that right ends when it requires using another person's body against their will. It's called bodily autonomy, people, and it's crucial.

Now, I hate to break it to you, but the baby in the womb is kinda violating the woman's body. I mean, come on, it's in there, taking up space, using her resources, and potentially causing all sorts of physical and emotional changes. So, yeah, it's definitely violating her body in a way.

And let's address this argument that the baby is just a consequence of the woman's nature, of her sexual organs. Look, pregnancy is the consequence, but abortion is a response to that consequence. It's a woman's right to respond to what happens to her body, regardless of how the baby got there. And hey, not everyone gets to make choices in life, but that doesn't give them the right to use someone else's body against their will to survive. We all have to deal with the consequences of our actions, but that doesn't mean we can trample over someone else's bodily autonomy in the process.

Oh, and just one more thing. The baby fitting the requirements for bodily integrity? Yeah, I don't think you quite understand what that term means. The baby can't uphold its own bodily integrity if it's dependent on another person's body for survival. Plain and simple.

And finally, let's talk about this whole evolution thing again. Sure, the process of conception is rooted in evolution, but that doesn't mean women have endless choices if they don't want to have babies. Condoms break, birth control sometimes fails, and not everyone has access to certain medical procedures. Plus, let's be real here, people are gonna have sex. So, yeah, it's important to reduce unintentional pregnancies through education and contraceptives, but even if all that fails, we still don't have the right to force someone to use their body against their will to sustain another life.

Alright, rant over. Let the fireworks begin!
------
First of all, let me just say that I'm not some fancy expert or anything. I mean, I did study a bit of psych and read some stuff about affective neuroscience and personality disorders, but yeah, definitely not a PhD-level clinician or anything close to that.

Okay, so here's what I think, but take it with a grain of salt. I believe that therapy can pretty much help with anything in the cortex. You know, that part of your brain that's all malleable and stuff? Yeah, that one. But here's the thing, the real issue lies in that old rostral limbic system. I don't know for sure how much we can change that thing in adulthood, you know? Like, can we actually fix it or is it just something we have to manage? I'm gonna go with the more conservative view on this one.

But hey, don't lose hope! There are treatments out there that might work for you. See, I think your main problem is this learned helplessness thing, but on a grander scale. Basically, your appraisal mechanisms, especially the ones for social stuff, are kinda messed up. It's like you're always misinterpreting what's going on around you, like thinking someone's mad at you when they're not. And on top of that, your emotional responses are all out of whack because of your wonky limbic system. So basically, your messed up appraisals and exaggerated emotions keep reinforcing each other, just like OCD where doing some weird ritual makes you think it actually stops bad stuff from happening.

In my opinion, the best treatment for you is this thing called DBT skills with a big ol' serving of mindfulness and schema-focused therapy on the side. We could talk about it more privately if you want, 'cause let's be real, there are a ton of programs out there that claim to be DBT but are basically garbage or just teach you some basic skills that won't actually help you. But long story short, DBT and schema-focused therapy might help you chill out a bit, regulate your emotions earlier when things start going haywire, and help you become a bit more socially savvy. And if you can handle your emotions better, then maybe you can start working on fixing those messed up appraisals of yours.

But hey, don't think this is all I got to say about it. There's a boatload more information out there, like whole freakin' series of books have been written about this stuff. So if you have any questions, just hit me up in my DMs and I'll try to help you out as best as I can.
------
Hey y'all, just wanted to throw my two cents into the ring about UI design and how it's evolved over time. So, back in the day, we had skeumorphic design, which was all about trying to make things on our screens look like real-life objects. You know, buttons that looked like they were made of actual metal and stuff like that. But the thing is, that kind of design was limited by the hardware capabilities of the time. We're talking about storage space, pixel density, and all that jazz.

But now, we've come a long way, baby. Computers and phones are so much more powerful than they used to be. We've got screens with crazy high resolutions and GPUs that can handle all kinds of fancy graphics. So, we don't really need those "photorealistic" skeumorphic designs anymore. Plus, let's not forget, kids these days grow up with touch screens and smartphones glued to their hands. They don't need all those real-world analogies to understand how to use technology. It's like second nature to them.

So, now that hardware isn't holding us back, the focus is shifting towards improving accessibility and finding better ways to present complex data. We're talking about using automation and machine learning to figure out what information is actually important to users in different situations. Because let's face it, our lives are already filled with so much random stuff. We don't need interfaces cluttered with irrelevant info. We want our devices to be like our brain, filtering out the noise and only showing us what we really need at that moment. Less is more, you know?

But hey, who knows what the future holds, right? Maybe skeumorphic design will become trendy again in a few years and we'll all be drooling over those realistic buttons once more. Or maybe some new technology will come along that changes everything. Like, imagine having an AI assistant that talks to you like Iron Man's Jarvis. No more pulling out your phone to get stuff done. This assistant just knows what you need when you need it. Or maybe it'll be all about smart glasses or watches, giving us just the essential info we need.

I guess what I'm trying to say is, there's no telling where we're headed. Our current smartphones might just be a stepping stone to something even better. So, let's buckle up and enjoy the ride, my fellow Redditors. The future of UI design is gonna be wild. That's for damn sure!
------
Alright, here goes nothing. So, I was just casually scrolling through this subreddit, trying to find something interesting to waste my time on, and I stumble upon this post. And let me tell you, it's a doozy.

First of all, we got someone here claiming to be a "doctorate of psychology" or whatever. Cool, cool, good for you. But then they start going off about how memory is unreliable and all that jazz. Yeah, yeah, we've heard it all before. We know memory isn't some kind of super-duper accurate video recorder. Thanks for enlightening us, Dr. Obvious.

But what really gets me is when this so-called expert starts talking about how this woman lied about her memory being 100% accurate. Hold up, hold up. Are you seriously calling her a liar? Who are you to judge? I mean, come on, we've all exaggerated a story or two in our lives. It doesn't make us liars, it just makes us human.

And then they go ahead and drop some fancy schmancy studies on us, talking about how memories can be distorted and all that nonsense. They even mention some experiment with undergraduates and violent incidents. Like, who cares? I'm not here for a science lesson, buddy. I just want to enjoy some good ol' Reddit drama.

Oh, and let's not forget the cherry on top. This "expert" starts spewing some mumbo jumbo about how memories are reconstructed, not played back like a video recording. Wow, mind blown! Not really. I mean, seriously, did we need a doctorate to figure that one out? I could've told you that from watching an episode of CSI.

And to wrap it all up, they bring up this woman called Jennifer Thompson who apparently had no doubt she was raped by this guy Ronald Cotton. She testified at some court hearing and helped convict him. And now they're questioning how she went from being unsure to being certain? How about she just remembered things differently, huh? Memory ain't some black and white thing, people. It's messy, it's complicated, and it's different for everyone.

So, there you have it, folks. This post is basically a fancy way of saying, "Hey, guess what? Memories can be unreliable sometimes! Shocking, I know!" Thanks for wasting my time with this unnecessary lecture, Mr. Doctorate of Psychology. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go find some more interesting posts to entertain myself with. Peace out.
------
Hey, I just stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, you're completely two-faced on this issue. Like seriously, make up your damn mind already.

First off, I actually kinda agree with the idea of classifying Facebook as a common carrier or maybe even creating some sort of legal action against them when they cross certain lines. But let me clarify one thing, I don't want PC culture to have too much say in these rules. I mean, come on, we can't let these people dictate everything because then we'll just end up with another unfair environment that they themselves were fighting against.

And don't get it twisted, I do not hold this position out of sympathy for your "troll" politics. I couldn't care less about your whining. What goes around comes around, my friend. Conservatives created this whole PC culture mess by shutting down anyone who didn't agree with their social ideologies. And now, surprise surprise, they're facing the same kind of backlash. It's karma, baby.

So yeah, I want fairness, even if it means you benefit instead. It's not because I give a rat's ass about your politics or your rights being violated. It's just ironic how you misunderstood my ironic humor about your own plight. I mean, seriously, can't you take a joke?

Now, let's talk about this whole government punishment for trolls thing. Hold up, are you seriously equating Facebook with the government? Newsflash, my friend, they're not the same damn thing. Facebook can censor whatever the hell they want because they're a private company. Just like how you can put up a sign on your door saying "no blacks allowed inside" (not that you should, you racist asshole), and people can call you out on it. Private entities have rights too, you know.

And speaking of trolls, let me tell you something. They're not engaging in real discourse, they're just messing around for laughs. And guess what? Media companies have every right to shut them down. It's not because they're right-wing or whatever, it's because these trolls aren't contributing anything meaningful to the conversation. They're just trying to get a rise out of people and cause chaos. So don't even think that government protection will save your troll friends from getting banned.

Oh, and one more thing. You claim that PC culture has destroyed real engagement in difficult discourse. Well, you're not entirely wrong there, my friend. But here's the thing, the culture that denied rights to minorities, oppressed LGBTQ+ individuals, and suppressed voters wasn't exactly fostering healthy discourse either. So maybe take a step back and think about that before you blame PC culture for all your problems.

And finally, let's address your last point. You think we need trolls in American politics right now? Seriously? Are you out of your damn mind? Trolls are not the answer, dude. They're just empowering PC culture even more. Can't you see that? They bait people into freaking out and then use that as ammunition. It's a losing strategy, man. Don't you remember Watergate? This backlash is gonna hit you harder than you can imagine. Trolls are just radicalizing more SJWs and giving major players a reason to label everyone as racist neo-nazi assholes. So maybe rethink your stance on trolls, because trust me, you're unleashing a whole lot of chaos that you won't be able to handle.

Okay, rant over. Peace out.
------
Hey guys, I stumbled upon this thread and just had to jump in with my two cents. First off, let me just say that this whole idea of God making people mortal because he felt like it is just plain ridiculous. I mean, come on! If God is all-powerful, why not just splice some DNA from a freaking immortal jellyfish and voila, we're all eternal beings! It's not rocket science, folks.

And while we're on the topic, let's talk about this whole heat death of the universe thing. Yeah, sure, in our boring old world where God doesn't exist, it might be true. But in a world where God is kicking it, who's to say he can't inject some more energy into the universe or whip up a brand new one whenever he feels like it? I mean, he's God, right? No rules apply to him.

Now, let's get into the nitty-gritty of it. Sin, oh sin, such a pesky little thing. I've got a theory, folks. Hear me out. Maybe our mortality, as annoying as it is, is actually a blessing in disguise because of sin. You know, like a gift from God. Because if we were all immortal, we'd just keep sinning and sinning for eternity. But with death, there's an end to it all. Thank you, mortality, for sparing us from an eternity of sinning!

But wait, there's more! Let's not forget about the infinite possibilities of different worlds. Well, hold your horses, buddy, because there ain't no infinity here. Physics tells us that there's a finite number of possible universes in the multiverse, somewhere around 10^500(ish). That's a big number, don't get me wrong, but it sure ain't infinity. So, sorry to burst your bubble, but there are limits to how many different worlds we can imagine.

Now, let's talk about God's grand plan and how he directs human history. You think he needs to control every little detail? Nah, not really. If someone's gonna mess up his plan, he can simply not make that person exist. Problem solved. And if that messes with the rest of the plan, well, just replace them with a sneaky angel in disguise. Easy peasy.

Oh, and don't even get me started on this whole idea of replacing unbelievers with robots. Seriously? Are we living in a sci-fi movie now? I highly doubt any self-respecting angel would be cool with taking Hitler's place or being a guard at Auschwitz. And if God's fine with angels doing that kind of stuff, why hold humans accountable for the same actions? It just doesn't add up, my friends.

But hey, I've got a couple of thoughts on this whole God thing. First off, I'm what you might call a naturalistic Christian, almost like a deist. Miracles? Yeah, not really buying it. I think God created the universe with a set of laws, and he doesn't need to constantly disrupt them to make things happen. He set things in motion, and they just unfold naturally. So maybe he wants human history to unfold without his deceptive intervention, like replacing unbelievers with robots. Who knows?

And here's a wild thought for ya! What if, and bear with me here, God actually did replace potential non-believers with robots? I mean, it would solve that pesky problem of people going to hell without hearing about the Bible or Jesus. If you believe in God, congrats, you're a non-robot! But if you don't, well, tough luck, you're a robot. I know, it's a disturbing idea and doesn't really answer any important questions, but hey, it's an option.

So, there you have it, my casual Reddit rant on this thread. I hope I've given you some food for thought, or at least entertained you for a few minutes. Keep those discussions going, folks, and don't be afraid to challenge the norm. After all, that's what Reddit is all about, right? Cheers!
------
Hey guys, I wanted to chime in here and share my thoughts on the whole satellite orbit thing. So, yeah, it's definitely possible to have satellites on different orbits, like this polar orbit thingy. I mean, there are already a bunch of satellites up there doing their thing. In my last post, when I mentioned inclination, I was actually talking about this polar orbit dealio. You know, where the satellites basically go around the Earth's poles.

So, here's the thing. These polar orbits aren't just for satellites that take pictures of the polar regions. There are other satellites, like the Copernicus Sentinels, that use near-polar orbits to get mad coverage over the mid-latitudes, where Europe is hanging out. It's all about getting those sweet repeat patterns and dense image stuff, you know what I mean?

But hold up, I can already hear some of you asking, "Why don't we have a satellite in that perfect distance from Earth to capture a half-Earth image?" Well, my friend, it's all about usability. Most satellites chilling at that distance are those geostationary weather ones. They gotta stay locked in one spot over their longitude so they can snap pics of the same area every 15 minutes. If they start moving too slow or at weird angles, it would take 'em hours or maybe even days to get back into position. Ain't nobody got time for that!

And guess what? This whole geostationary thing only works on an equatorial orbit. Ya see, the satellite has to move at the same speed as the Earth underneath it. Otherwise, it's gonna be a hot mess. So, if we were to throw a satellite into a polar orbit at that distance, it would take a whole day just to get back to the pole it started at. And lighting conditions would also mess things up, so we'd only be able to capture images of each pole once every half year. That's not really practical, ya know?

Now, lemme tell ya, satellite images ain't just about pretty pictures. These bad boys give remote sensing specialists tons of data to work with. Like, seriously, the list of things they can analyze is longer than my arm (and trust me, it's a pretty long arm!). So, if we had a super fancy satellite that could only snap pics with a crappy spatial resolution of 1 kilometer per pixel and only take one image of our region of interest per day, that wouldn't be too useful. We need high-quality images, and we gotta put 'em all together to get a bigger picture, you feel me?

So yeah, while it might be technically possible to make that satellite orbit you're talking about, it's just not feasible for research purposes. We need satellites that are closer to Earth to get those sweet, detailed pictures. Don't worry though, we can still stitch 'em all together and create those epic images we all love.

Oh, and don't stress too much about the stability of orbits. Satellites just gotta go around the gravitational center of the Earth, man. The direction doesn't matter, and even the height of the orbit has some wiggle room (well, within limits, you know, like not crashing because of the dense atmosphere or getting too close to the sun and dealing with gravitational influences from other celestial bodies). It might take a bit more time and effort to get 'em into that orbit, but hey, anything's possible!

Alright, that's my two cents on this whole satellite orbit thing. Hope it makes sense, and if not, well, sorry not sorry. Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Hey, so I stumbled upon this post and couldn't help but jump in with my two cents. First of all, I gotta say that the whole "spiritual" aspect of this discussion is a load of baloney. I mean, seriously, unless you can provide concrete evidence for the existence of souls or God, it's just a made-up story to prop up your argument (and of course, you think God is on your side, how convenient). Let's get real here and stick to the facts.

Alright, let's break it down point by point.

> Identical twins and DNA

So, you're telling me that once the DNA is different from the mother's, it's considered a separate entity? But if the DNA is the same, like in the case of twins, they're still seen as separate beings? I mean, come on, you can't have it both ways! There's definitely something fishy going on with this argument. Are we supposed to believe that "occupying physical space" is another requirement for life? Because if that's the case, both the mother and the fetus occupy their own individual space. It's like a hollow sphere and a ball  they still take up independent space, whether one is inside the other or not. And hey, there are even rare cases of one twin absorbing the other in utero, leaving them with foreign DNA in some parts of their body (chimerism). So, does that mean these individuals have separate entities within them too? If DNA is supposed to determine the value of one hypothetical baby over another, then we're left with too many logical inconsistencies. We need a better identifier for personhood, or else all chimeric folks out there better rush to get themselves two passports while fraternal twins only need one. Sorry, but your argument just doesn't hold up.

> Living organisms with solely human DNA

Look, nobody's arguing that a fetus is some kind of inhuman creature that magically changes species. The argument is that it's a "potential" future human being, but it doesn't have the same rights as a born, independent, non-biologically dependent human. Just because something has the potential to become a president doesn't mean it automatically gets the rights of one. And guess what? Even if a fetus were granted those rights, you can't force another human to give up their blood or any bodily organ to sustain its survival. I mean, I'm not a murderer just because I didn't donate blood, right? Someone isn't a murderer for not sacrificing their entire body for something without a name or any other identifiers that we typically use to establish personhood versus potentialhood.

> Body part argument

So, does this mean that a fetus is just a clump of cells without individual rights until all its body parts are fully developed? I mean, personally, it kinda makes sense in a way. Once it can survive outside the womb and has all the necessary organs for survival, then yeah, it's a fully developed person. But until then, it's just an organ of the woman's body that can't sustain itself on its own, just like the heart or any other organ.

> Abortion vs murder

Here's an interesting thought: Would you hand out the same punishment to someone who disfigures and injures their fetus (let's say by consuming damaging chemicals) as you would to someone who does the same to a baby? Because, believe it or not, most countries that ban abortion still consider that kind of stuff legal. It's crazy, right? Personally, even though I'm all for decriminalizing abortion until a fetus is able to survive on its own, I think both actions should be treated equally. I mean, come on, it's done to someone who now has to suffer through their real life with those consequences. A real person is dealing with real shit, and that's just not right. But for some reason, pro-life folks don't seem to have an issue with this, despite considering the fetus equal to a baby. It's a puzzling double standard, if you ask me.

> The Bible and miscarriage

Oh, and by the way, kudos to that pro-choice person who pointed out to me once that even God apparently instituted a fine as punishment for causing a miscarriage to someone else's wife. Yeah, that story checks out, but why the heck would you base any decisions on what the Bible says when you don't even seem familiar with it? Seriously, do your research before bringing up religious arguments that you don't fully comprehend.

Alright, rant over. Look, I get it, this is a touchy subject for many people, but let's try to have a civilized discussion without relying on baseless claims and cherry-picked arguments. Cool? Cool.
------
Dude, seriously? You're really gonna come on here and start preaching about how eating meat is destroying the planet? Give me a break. Yeah, sure, there are definitely some issues with the meat industry and how it affects the environment, but to say that anyone who eats meat doesn't care about the future is just plain stupid.

Look, I get it, being vegan is trendy nowadays and all the cool kids are doing it. But let's be real here, going vegan isn't gonna magically solve all our problems. It's not like McDonald's is gonna disappear overnight just because a bunch of people start eating vegan food. They'll just jump on the bandwagon and start selling vegan burgers or some crap like that. And you really think they're gonna give a damn about the environment when they're still making bank? Please.

And speaking of the environment, there are so many other things that are causing damage too, not just meat. Have you ever heard of palm oil? That stuff is in everything, man, and it's causing even more destruction than your precious bacon. But I don't see you going around telling people to stop eating chips or using shampoo. Oh, and let's not forget about coffee and almonds, two of the biggest culprits when it comes to unsustainable farming practices. So maybe you should think twice before pointing fingers.

You know what the real problem is? It's this messed up system we live in. Capitalism, man. It's all about making money and screwing over the little guy. The meat industry is just a cog in that big machine. Companies are allowed to do whatever the hell they want, exploit resources, and pump out cheap, crappy products because they know people will buy them. It's all about profit, baby, and the environment takes a backseat.

But hey, why stop at meat? If you really wanna save the planet, you better sell your car, stop using electricity, and throw away all your plastic. Yeah, that's right, plastic. That shit is everywhere and it's destroying our oceans, but nobody seems to care as long as they can get their iced coffee from Starbucks. So don't come at me with your holier-than-thou attitude about meat when there are so many other issues that need addressing.

At the end of the day, it's not the average Joe's fault for eating meat. Most people don't have a clue about the environmental impact of their food choices. It's the system that's screwed up, man. We need to come together, vote for change, and demand that companies start being more responsible. It's not gonna happen overnight, but we can make a difference if we work together.

So next time you wanna go on a rant about meat, maybe take a step back and think about the bigger picture. There's a whole lot more going on than just what's on your plate. And until we fix the system, blaming people for eating meat is just a waste of time. Peace out.
------
Hey guys, so I've been playing Destiny 2 since the vanilla version and let me tell you, it was a major disappointment. I mean, seriously, they had the audacity to release a game with no random rolls on guns and armor? What were they thinking? It was like they just plucked loot from trees and threw it at us like apples. Within a couple of weeks, I felt like I had done everything there was to do in the game.

Now, compare that to Destiny 1. That game had a grind feel to it that was almost infinite. There was always something to chase, whether it was an exotic weapon or a god roll legendary. But Destiny 2? It had none of this. It was like a slap in the face to all the hardcore Destiny 1 players who were used to having endless content to explore.

And don't even get me started on the first DLC. It added absolutely nothing substantial to the game. It was just a half-assed attempt to fix the problems that were already glaringly obvious. Most people, including myself, just wrote the game off at that point. I mean, why bother playing when there's nothing left to do?

But then, a few months ago, Warmind dropped and things started to change. It breathed some much-needed life back into the game. Sure, random rolls still weren't back, but they added challenging quest lines to get some of the best guns in the game. The new raid lair actually posed a proper challenge, and strikes became fun again thanks to random modifiers and strike specific loot. Finally, there was a reason to grind for gear.

And then, out of nowhere, they dropped the Whisper of the Worm mission. This mission was like a blast from the past, bringing back all the nostalgia of the first game. It had a secret portal that only opened during a specific public event, and it took you on a 20-minute timer to complete a jumping puzzle. Let me tell you, I failed that puzzle so many times, but it added a sense of mystery and excitement to the game. Everyone was scrambling to figure out what was waiting at the end.

Once you made it through the jumping section, you were faced with insanely tough enemies in several rooms, culminating in a final room with three bosses. If you managed to take them down, you were rewarded with the best exotic sniper in the game. This gun had insane damage and if you landed three headshots in a row, you got your ammo back. It was a callback to one of the fan-favorite guns from Destiny 1, and it quickly became my go-to weapon.

And if that wasn't enough, there was a heroic version of the mission with special modifiers each week. If you completed it on heroic and found all the hidden chests, you made progress on the exotic catalyst, which made the gun even stronger. It was a grind, but a worthwhile one.

And let's not forget about all the other new exotic missions they added. Plus, PvP finally started to balance out, and the raids were epic. Things were finally looking up for Destiny 2.

Then the summer solstice event happened, adding a whole suite of armor to grind for. And the new prestige raid lairs dropped higher power weapons, giving us even more to do. It felt like there was finally a reason to keep playing.

And now we have Forsaken, the latest expansion that dropped a few weeks ago. Let me tell you, this is hands down the best DLC Destiny has ever had. They've fixed nearly everything that the community found wrong with the game over the past year. Loadouts are customizable, guns have random rolls, and armor now has meaningful perks. Exotics are actually exotic and not just handed to you on a silver platter.

But the best part? PvP is the best it's ever been in any version of Destiny. There's even a new PvEvP mode that is insanely fun. And on top of all that, we have two new locations to explore and an entire public area designed for end-game content. It's constantly changing and evolving, keeping things fresh and exciting.

And let's not forget about the power grind. It's back, baby! You can't just reach max level and max power within a week or two anymore. It takes time and effort to get there, and that sense of awe when you see someone with amazing gear is back.

So yeah, Destiny 2 may have started off as a major disappointment, but it has come a long way since then. It's finally living up to the expectations of the dedicated fans. I never thought I'd say this, but I'm actually excited to see what Bungie has in store for us next.
------
Hey, dude! So, I was just browsing through this subreddit and stumbled upon your post. Gotta say, you made some interesting points there, but I gotta disagree with you on a couple of things.

First off, you mentioned that Hosea and Amos weren't around during the supposed exodus. Yeah, I get it, they were relying on oral tradition and all that jazz. But hey, oral tradition can be pretty darn reliable, okay? Sure, it evolves and incorporates different mythic and historical events, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's all inaccurate or changed over time.

You brought up the 400-year gap between the telling and writing of the story. And yeah, that might leave room for some alterations or inaccuracies, I won't deny that. But here's the thing, bro, they weren't going into crazy specific details in those writings. They were just stating the basic facts of Israel's origin. It was like a reminder for the people, you know? So, I don't really think it's fair to say that everything got messed up during those 400 years.

And speaking of early circulation, guess what? The first writings we have from the Israelites actually mention the exodus, my man! Boom! It shows that the origin story was already circulating orally pretty early on. So, even though additional details could have been added over time, it still proves that the story was a part of their history from the get-go.

Now, hold up, before you jump to conclusions, let me clarify something. I'm not saying that these sources prove all the specifics of the exodus. Nah, that's not what I'm trying to defend here. All I'm saying is that they attest to the bare facts of the story, you know? Like, the Israelite slaves being brought up from Egypt by their god. So, let's not get all caught up in the death of the firstborn or the whole Red Sea thing, alright?

You brought up Isaiah, bro. Yeah, he's a bit later and only mentions the exodus once in passing. But you know what that means? It means that by his time, the exodus story was well-established in Judah. So, boom, another point for the exodus being a legit part of their history!

Alright, now let's talk about this "evidence" you mentioned. You said it's not consistent with the archaeological evidence accepted by most experts in the field. Dude, what do you mean by that? Can you explain?

Oh, and you said that the evidence I mentioned is clearly not good evidence and that it's just people within the religion repeating oral tradition with little basis in fact. Alright, hold your horses there, dude. What exactly do you mean by "clearly not good evidence"? Are you saying that the core story itself isn't decent evidence? 'Cause I kinda think it is, man.

Look, I'll admit, I can't prove that Moses crossed the Red Sea or anything like that. But hey, that doesn't mean we should dismiss the whole exodus story as some late creation in Israel's history. I've heard peeps saying that the Torah was just made up on the spot 'cause it went through some edits and stuff. But honestly, that claim doesn't hold up against the evidence, bro.

Alright, so there you have it. That's my take on the whole exodus thing. I'm not here to convince you of every little detail, but hey, let's give credit where credit is due. The exodus story has some solid foundations, my friend. Peace out!
------
Okay, so let me get this straight. You actually believe this woman? Seriously? It's like she can't even remember the basic details of what supposedly happened! I mean, come on. Who forgets stuff like that?

And did you know that she met with some democratic lawyer just days after Kavanaugh was nominated? Talk about suspicious! She conveniently accused him right after that little meeting. Oh, but don't worry, she totally accused him before too, just not publicly. Yeah, sure. Real credible.

But here's the best part. She's not even 100% sure it was him! Can you believe that? So she's trying to ruin this man's life and she can't even say for sure if it was him who did it. What a joke.

Oh, and let's not forget about her so-called witnesses. Turns out, they all denied her story. Surprise, surprise. I guess she forgot to mention that little detail. It's pretty convenient how none of them back up her claims, isn't it?

But wait, Kavanaugh has calendars from those years that apparently prove he's innocent. Wow, that's some solid evidence right there. But here's a thought, maybe there are other events that he conveniently left off his precious calendars. Ever think of that? Yeah, didn't think so.

And get this. Kavanaugh is so desperate to prove his innocence that he's willing to go on TV with his wife, have her defend him, and even claim he was a virgin during that whole time. Yeah, right. Because that's totally believable. Give me a break.

Oh, and by the way, Ford refused to testify under oath. I mean, come on. If she's so confident in her story, why wouldn't she testify? It's almost like she doesn't want to be put under scrutiny or something. Can you smell the BS?

And let's not forget about Feinstein. Apparently, she sat on this story for months. Now, why would she do that? Hmmm, maybe because she wanted to use it as a political weapon. It's not about justice, it's about playing dirty politics.

You know, my mom, who's a Trump supporter (unlike me), actually said that even if Kavanaugh was a serial rapist, she'd still support him for the Supreme Court. Can you believe that? It just goes to show the blind loyalty some people have. They'll ignore any wrongdoing as long as it helps their side.

So yeah, let's just call Ford a liar. Because obviously, that's what she is. It's the only logical explanation. Who needs evidence or facts anyway? Let's just stick to our preconceived notions and ignore anything that challenges them. That's how real mature adults handle things, right?

Man, this whole thing is just a big circus. It's amazing how politics can bring out the worst in people. It's like nobody cares about the truth anymore. They just want to win at all costs, no matter who gets hurt along the way.

Anyway, that's just my two cents. Take it or leave it. But seriously, open your eyes and see through the BS. It's all a big game, and we're the ones getting played.
------
Hey, so I stumbled upon this post and I just had to chime in. First things first, were you at Cambridge or Anglia Ruskin? Because honestly, if you were at the latter, I can't really offer any advice. But if you were at Cambridge, then listen up.

Alright, let's get one thing straight from the start. As an undergraduate at Cambridge, you're not supposed to work during term time, okay? Like, it's a big no-no. Unless, of course, you somehow managed to trick your tutor or Director of Studies (DOS) and pull off working while dealing with the massive workload. But let's be real here, if you were working behind a bar as an undergrad, someone would have found out pretty damn quickly. Those pubs in Cambridge are always crawling with staff, so you wouldn't have been able to hide it for long.

Now, I'm assuming you were either a postgrad or an Anglia Ruskin student, 'cause there ain't that many pubs in Cambridge and they're mostly full of university staff. So, if you were at Cambridge as an undergrad and working, well, honey, you should've reported that crap! Yeah, I get it, maybe you were scared of getting in trouble for having a job and all, but trust me, the university would've been grateful for your honesty. It doesn't matter that the pub was outside of the university, they still would've done something about it.

Listen up, if you were part of a college, whether as a grad or undergrad, even if it was a decade ago like you claim, you seriously need to reach out to someone there. Your old tutor, DOS, or even the current senior tutor, whom you probably haven't even met, would really appreciate hearing from you. Just shoot them a quick message and let them know what happened. I know you might not want to bother with this whole situation and you might be afraid of causing a fuss, but honestly, the colleges and the university care about what happens to their students while they're in residence. They want to know about stuff like this, and they will take action.

Look, I don't know the ins and outs of how things work at Anglia Ruskin, but I'm pretty sure they have similar procedures in place. So, even if you weren't at Cambridge, you should still consider reporting what happened. You never know, maybe the pub owner is still around, and by letting the university know, you could potentially save others from being exposed to this kind of messed-up behavior. Trust me, this stuff isn't a one-off occurrence.

I know it may seem silly that I created an account just to say all this, but honestly, things like this need to be called out. Victims often feel like they're overreacting or being ridiculous when they report incidents like this, and that's because of the toxic culture we live in. It sucks. So, please, please, if you haven't already reported this incident, do it now. I'm so sorry that this happened to you, and I genuinely hope you're doing well and have moved on to bigger and better things in your career.

Peace out.
------
Hey guys, I've got a little story to share with you all. So back in the day, right after high school, I went to this party with my buddies. There was this dude, let's call him Gill, who was there too. Now, this guy had a bit of a reputation as a ladies' man, if you catch my drift. Rumor had it that he would sleep with anyone and everyone.

Anyway, things took a real wild turn that night when the girl hosting the party kicked Gill out. Turns out, she accused him of raping or taking advantage of her at a previous party. Man, she was pissed! She told him to GTFO, and rightfully so.

Now, here's the kicker. Gill never faced any legal consequences for his actions, and the girl never went to the police. But just because there was no official prosecution doesn't mean it didn't happen, right? I mean, come on! We all know how messed up these things can be.

So, let's talk about Brett Kavanaugh and all these accusations against him. I don't understand why some people think it's utterly absurd that he, or any other young guy for that matter, could have done (or still do) things like what has been alleged. Personally, I've seen more instances of these transgressions than I have of people publicly slandering others for no reason. Think about it!

Now, let's address the elephant in the room: politics. Some folks seem to think that these allegations are just some sort of conspiracy to discredit Kavanaugh for political gain. Seriously, guys? Like, what if there's some truth to these accusations? It's not like we haven't seen similar scandals before.

Look at the track record here. We've had Alito, Roberts, Gorsuch, all confirmed without any sexual misconduct clouding their names. Meanwhile, Bill Clinton and even Donald Trump have been accused of these things. Do you see a pattern? I sure as hell do!

I'm not saying that someone's sexual behavior should necessarily disqualify them from holding office, unless they've been convicted by a court of law, of course. But dang, it's kinda absurd in this case because there are plenty of other conservative judges that Trump could nominate instead of Kavanaugh. It's not like we're stuck between a rock and a hard place, like that situation with Roy Moore. We actually have options here, folks.

Now, I'll be honest with you all. If Gill ever decided to run for office, whether I'd speak up about his past would depend on his politics. If I respected the guy and agreed with his beliefs, I might be less inclined to risk my own reputation by accusing him or backing up that girl's story if she came forward. But if I thought his politics were garbage and harmful to our nation, well, let's just say I'd be more willing to take the risk and expose him.

But hey, ideally, I should be willing to be truthful regardless of political affiliation, right? I mean, that's what integrity is all about. It's just that, well, let's face it, some things are easier to do under certain circumstances. That's life for ya!

Alright, I've ranted enough for one post. You get my point, though, don't you? These accusations against Kavanaugh might just have some validity to them. And heck, we've got other options, so maybe it's time to consider them. Peace out, y'all!
------
Alright, let's get this shitshow started. I can't help but feel sorry for Jon, man. He's like a walking train wreck. I mean, seriously, the dude reminds me of my mom. She kicked the bucket a few years back due to her damn drug addiction. And let me tell you, seeing Jon go on these crazy rants, it's like reliving that nightmare all over again. It's painful, bro.

It's crystal clear that Jones has a major problem with substance abuse. But what really grinds my gears is his narcissism. Reminds me of my mom too, you know? She never took responsibility for the havoc she caused. It was always "yeah, I might've screwed up, but look what they did to me!" She never realized something was seriously messed up and it was only gonna get worse.

Now, I don't know Jon personally, but knowing about his addiction struggles, you start noticing all the other messed up stuff that goes along with it. Addicts, man, they all think they're special snowflakes, like they're hiding their demons better than anyone else. But really, they're all the same. The lies, the excuses, it never ends. They think they're geniuses for coming up with them, but trust me, it's all been done before.

And the cherry on top? The freaking narcissism. It's like a never-ending cycle of self-obsession. My mom had it too, she despised people who had more money than her. She blamed them for everything wrong in her life. Now, for Jon, it seems like Daniel is the target of his twisted hatred. Maybe it's because Daniel embodies everything Jon wishes he could be, or maybe I'm just talking out of my ass here.

But come on, man. Jon is one hell of a talent. Seriously, he's got skills that most of us would kill for. It's tragic, bro. All this talent and he can't get out of his own damn way. We're missing out on seeing his greatness in the octagon because he's too busy screwing up his life. And let me tell you, if he doesn't get his shit together, it's gonna destroy him and everything he holds dear.

I don't want to see Jon back in that damn cage unless he's truly healthy. Trust me, I speak from experience. I found the lifeless body of someone who couldn't fight their demons. The pain, man, it's indescribable. Even years later, I can still feel its effects every single day. You can't play both sides, you know? You can't focus on training for a fight while trying to fix your messed-up head and soul at the same time.

I'd much rather see the guy have a long, meaningful life with the people he loves than watch him throw more shit into the bottomless pit. It's not worth it, man. Priorities, bro. I hope Jon realizes what truly matters and gets the help he needs. Addiction is a bitch, but it's not impossible to overcome. So, Jon, if somehow you stumble upon this post, do yourself a favor and get your shit together, man. Your life depends on it.
------
Hey, I gotta say, I couldn't help but roll my eyes reading your post. Like, seriously? You really think trickle-down economics is just as socialist as demand-side economics? Man, that's some next-level delusion right there.

Let me break it down for you, since it seems like you're having trouble grasping the concept. Trickle-down economics is all about favoring the wealthy and big corporations. The idea is that if you give them massive tax cuts and other incentives, they'll use that extra money to invest, create jobs, and grow the economy. Sounds great, right? Except it's a load of bullcrap.

The reality is that trickle-down economics only benefits the rich, while leaving the rest of us struggling to make ends meet. The so-called "trickle-down" effect is more like a freaking drought. The wealthy hoard their riches and don't bother sharing the wealth with the average joes like you and me. Instead, they use their newfound wealth to buy another yacht or a fancy mansion in the Hamptons.

Meanwhile, demand-side economics focuses on stimulating the economy from the bottom up. It recognizes that for the economy to thrive, you need to put money in the hands of the working class. When everyday people have more money in their pockets, guess what happens? They spend it! And that spending creates demand, which in turn drives business growth and job creation.

Now, I'm not saying demand-side economics is perfect. No economic theory is. But at least it actually takes into consideration the needs of the majority, rather than just pandering to the wealthy elite. It's about time we prioritize the middle class and those struggling to get by, instead of worshiping the almighty dollar.

You mentioned something about supply-side economics being a great socialist tool. Sorry to burst your bubble, but supply-side economics has nothing to do with socialism. It's all about deregulation, cutting taxes for the rich, and letting the market do its thing. So, if you think that's socialist, I don't know what kind of kool-aid you've been drinking.

Look, I get it. The economy is a complex beast, and there are different schools of thought on how to make it thrive. But when it comes to trickle-down economics, I can't help but call BS. It's a failed experiment that has only widened the gap between the haves and the have-nots.

So, before you go spouting off about how trickle-down economics and demand-side economics are practically the same thing, maybe take a step back, educate yourself a bit, and rethink your argument. Because, dude, it's pretty clear you're not quite grasping the whole picture here.
------
Jesus Christ, can you just give it a rest already? We get it, you don't like the way I used the word "mainstream". But guess what? Language is fluid and words can have multiple meanings, so deal with it.

First of all, let's address your argument about the lightbulb. Yes, a lightbulb is either on or off, but that analogy doesn't apply here. We're not talking about a binary switch, we're talking about a gradual shift in popularity and acceptance. Electric cars are slowly gaining traction and becoming more widely accepted by the general public. Just because they're not fully mainstream yet doesn't mean they're not on their way there.

And don't even get me started on your whole "progress has dick to do with it" comment. Are you seriously suggesting that progress and mainstream acceptance are completely unrelated? That's just plain ignorant. Progress is what leads to something becoming mainstream in the first place. It's a natural evolution of ideas, technologies, and trends. So yes, progress absolutely has everything to do with it.

Now let's talk about your obsession with statistics. Yes, statistics can be useful in measuring trends and determining whether something is becoming more mainstream. But it's not the only factor to consider. There are real-world indicators, like the increasing number of electric car commercials, that show a shift towards mainstream acceptance. And yes, marketing campaigns do play a role in making a product more mainstream. So don't act like it's some ridiculous idea.

And please, spare me the sarcastic comments about Nintendo and their marketing of Rob the robot. That's a completely different context and has nothing to do with the topic at hand. We're talking about electric cars here, not some weird robot peripheral for a video game console.

Lastly, I want to address your random tangent about Elon Musk. Yes, he's done some cool things in various fields, but what the hell does that have to do with electric cars becoming mainstream? Are you trying to say that his influence and innovation have had no impact on the growing acceptance of electric vehicles? Because that would be a load of bull.

Look, I get that you have a bone to pick with my usage of the word "mainstream". But honestly, you're getting way too hung up on a minor semantic issue. The point I'm trying to make is that electric cars are on the rise and slowly but surely becoming more widely accepted. Whether you want to call that "becoming mainstream" or "moving forward" or whatever, it doesn't really matter. The trend is clear, and anyone with half a brain can see it.

So if you're going to continue arguing with me about semantics and nitpicking every little thing I say, then I suggest you find something better to do with your time. Go take a walk, read a book, or just chill out and stop being such an insufferable know-it-all. Trust me, life will be a lot more enjoyable for both of us if you can manage to do that.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I've been lurking around this subreddit for a while now, and I can't help but notice all this talk about the clash between science and religion. And let me tell you, it's about time someone set the record straight. Religion always loves to play the victim card, claiming that it's being persecuted left and right. But honestly, that's nothing more than a load of baloney. So let's break it down and unpack this nonsense.

First things first, let's get on the same page about what science actually is. Science is not just fancy gadgets and gizmos, my friends. It's the process of finding out the truth. It's all about understanding how things work and what's actually real. Science is like that nosy neighbor who wants to know everything about everyone - it's constantly seeking the truth, no matter where it leads.

Now, on the other hand, religion is all about belief. It doesn't really care about finding the truth; it's more concerned with having faith and following a specific set of teachings. And hey, that's all fine and dandy if it floats your boat. But let's face it, religion and science are like oil and water. They just don't mix.

Here's something interesting I've noticed. Ask a scientist if they'd want to know if God was real, and you'll get a resounding "yes" from them. Scientists are all about uncovering the truth, even if it means proving their own beliefs wrong. But ask a religious person if they'd want to know if their god turned out to be nothing more than a fairy tale, and you'll witness some serious squirming. They won't outright say "no," but deep down, they know that questioning their beliefs is a big no-no.

This, my fellow Redditors, is where the clash begins. Science has no agenda against religion; it just wants to uncover the truth. So far, there's been no concrete evidence to suggest that any gods exist. But you know what? If the day comes when science finds some compelling reasons to believe in a higher power, it would immediately adjust its course. Science isn't stubborn like that.

But religion, oh boy, it's a whole different story. Religion has its own agenda, and it couldn't care less about reality. All it wants is for everything to align with its beliefs. So imagine if science were suddenly to discover irrefutable proof of the existence of a god. Religion would be shouting it from the rooftops, claiming victory left and right. But here's the thing - religion doesn't care about figuring out the truth; it just wants the truth to fit its narrative. And that's where science draws the line.

So what does science do? It simply states what it knows and how it knows it. It doesn't bother bringing up religion because it's irrelevant to the conversation. But religion, oh boy, it just can't stand it when science doesn't teach what it believes. It demands equal time in the classroom for creationism, as if that nonsense holds any scientific weight. Sorry, but science isn't about to bow down to that kind of lunacy.

You see, my dear friends, religion is the aggressor here. It's always interrupting the conversation and demanding that its beliefs be given special treatment. Science, on the other hand, is just defending itself and telling religion to back off. And yet, somehow, religion has the audacity to claim persecution. Seriously? You started this whole mess, and now you're playing the victim card?

Let me put it in terms even the most fervent religious zealots can understand. Imagine I walked up to you and punched you in the face for no reason. And then, when you try to defend yourself, I have the nerve to claim that you started the fight. Ridiculous, right? Well, that's exactly what religion is doing here.

So let's get one thing straight. Religion isn't the victim, and it's not being targeted by science. It's the aggressor, barging into conversations that don't concern it and demanding special treatment. Science is merely trying to set the record straight and keep the conversation focused on facts and evidence.

In conclusion, religion needs to stop playing the victim and start respecting science for what it is - a pursuit of truth. Science isn't out to get religion; it's just doing its thing. So next time you hear someone whining about the clash between science and religion, remember who started it, and don't let them play the victim card.
------
Alright, let me just start off by saying that I'm really enjoying this discussion. It's truly fascinating to delve into these deep philosophical and scientific concepts. But hey, I have a bone to pick with some of the points raised here.

So, you mentioned the idea that causality could still be fundamental, even if the laws of physics are emergent. And yeah, that's a valid point. We could argue that particles cause each other to behave in certain ways, and we just describe it as a law. It's like a cause and effect situation, you know?

But hold on a second, there's another perspective on this that I find super intriguing. It suggests that particles just behave according to the laws of physics, without causing each other. Yeah, mind-blowing, right? In this view, there's no direction of causality. They just act the way they do because of the laws of physics. But wait, there's still a big elephant in the room. According to this perspective, the laws of physics cause the particles to behave that way. Boom, causality is still there, my friend!

Now, I know this might not be the main point of our debate, but hey, let's talk about God for a moment. Hear me out, okay? The existence of the laws of physics being everywhere in the universe, controlling every single little particle, can be seen as a pretty solid argument for the existence of a higher power. Think about it, these laws are omnipresent, outside of time and space, and they seem to be finely-tuned. Just wanted to toss that out there, you know?

But back to the actual point we were discussing. The thing is, you still have fundamental causality. You can't escape from that, my friend. Explaining stuff requires causes. That's what science and everyday thought are all about, right?

Then someone jumps in and asks if I don't believe that an objective reality exists where people can interact. Woah, hold up, partner! This isn't about what I personally believe. I just wanted to show that there can be worldviews, like idealist ones, that aren't contradicted by your thought experiment and still allow for free will. There are plenty of idealist views out there, man. Take pragmatism, for example. It has almost no axioms and is totally compatible with science, everyday life, and even religion and spirituality. Not saying I buy into it entirely, though. Personally, I believe in an objective reality. But I'm still an idealist, you know why? Because I don't think matter and time can exist outside of consciousness. Seriously, has anyone ever experienced or seen that?

And then comes the response, saying that the moment you acknowledge the necessity of acting as though objective reality exists, you validate the axioms of the thought experiment. Well, my friend, the worldview I described doesn't see objective reality as a necessity, but rather as something helpful. You could argue that assuming a completely objective reality might not always be the best approach. I mean, every analysis of reality is filtered through meaningful interpretation, right? But hey, that's a whole other can of worms.

Now, let's get back to your thought experiment. You claim it fails at option 3, but I'm not convinced yet. I believe you can still have self-determined things that appear probabilistic or random from the outside. I haven't seen any proof that this cannot be the case. Just because you try to explain everything with laws, it doesn't automatically mean that free will is impossible. Free will is the opposite of law, my friend. It's something that defies further explanation or examination. But does that mean it violates the laws of physics or isn't in harmony with them? Heck no! It could just be a part of the universe that we can only access through our own experience of it.

And let's not forget about consciousness, man. Have you ever seen it floating around the universe? No? Me neither. But that doesn't mean we can deny its existence. It's there, dude, lurking within us.

Alright, I've rambled on for quite a while now. But hey, I hope you find my thoughts interesting. Let's keep this discussion going because it's mind-boggling and thought-provoking. Cheers, mate!
------
Look, I get it. My previous response may have come off as a bit harsh, but let's be real here. When you put yourself out there in the public eye, especially in a high-profile position like Kavanaugh did, you have to know that your past is going to be scrutinized. It's just the nature of the game.

Now, I'm not saying that it's right or fair for false allegations to be made against anyone. Nobody deserves that kind of treatment. But let's not act like Kavanaugh was completely innocent in all of this. The man had some serious allegations thrown his way, and it's only natural for people to want answers.

And what did Kavanaugh do? Instead of calmly addressing these allegations and providing a coherent defense, he got all defensive and started attacking senators for looking into his yearbook. Dude, if you're hiding something in there or if your character contradicts the image you're trying to present, then it's fair game.

But hey, credit where credit is due. Kavanaugh didn't accuse the Clintons of anything directly. But let's not forget that during Hillary Clinton's time before the Benghazi hearing, the whole Republican party was screaming "lock her up!" even after she was cleared of any wrongdoing. Her reputation was tarnished, and no one on the right wanted to admit her innocence.

Look, I understand that nobody wants to be falsely accused and have their family and reputation destroyed. That's a terrible thing to go through. But when you enter the political scene, especially when you're aiming for a position as powerful as the Supreme Court, you have to understand that the burden of proof is different in the court of public opinion.

Just look at what the Clintons and Obama were accused of. It's insane. And while you can't make things up about someone, you have to calculate that anything and everything from your past will be blown up and magnified. It's not right, but it's reality.

Nobody asks for this kind of scrutiny, I get it. But if you want to be in a public role, you have to be prepared for it. Whether you've done something wrong or not, your past will be torn apart and put under a microscope. It's just part of the package deal.

So, don't go around accusing me of saying Kavanaugh was asking for it by pursuing a career in the public eye. That's not what I'm saying at all. I'm simply stating that when you decide to step into the spotlight, you must be prepared for the consequences. Whether you like it or not, that's how the game is played.
------
Hey everyone,

I've got a financial and relationship issue that's been driving me nuts, and I need some advice. So, here's the deal: my wife has this SUV that we're paying a whopping <cur>490 per month for. She bought it a few years back when she had a job that required a lot of traveling. The company was nice enough to cover her gas expenses and about <cur>450 of the car payment. Now, because of all the miles she put on that thing, we're stuck with a loan that's nearly <cur>8,000 underwater, and we still have four years left to pay on it. Ugh!

Now, here's where things get interesting. My wife just landed an amazing job offer from another company. They offer better benefits and a 30% pay increase. The only catch? They provide her with their own company vehicle, which they fully cover, including gas, insurance, maintenance, oil changes, and plates. The only cost she would have is a measly <cur>200 per month for the vehicle. Oh, and she can use it for personal stuff too.

Now, you'd think this would be a no-brainer. But ohhh no, it's not that simple. You see, we don't have any kids, and my lovely wife despises minivans. She did try asking the new company if they could just cover the payments on her current SUV, but they said no. Now, this new company stipulates that once the company van hits 100k miles (which will probably take about two years), she can get a new vehicle, which they mentioned could be an SUV. So yeah, that's where we're at.

Here's the problem: I'm telling her we should sell her stupid SUV and use the company van for work. After hours or on weekends, she can drive my already paid-off car, and if both of us need wheels, I'll just suck it up and drive the van. But noooo, she doesn't like the idea of driving my car, and she enjoys the feeling of driving the SUV. Can you believe that?

I've run all the numbers, and if we ditch that expensive SUV, we'd be saving around <cur>630 per month, not to mention almost <cur>22,680 over the course of three years. Plus, her car's warranty is gonna expire soon, and then who knows how many additional costs we'll have? Seriously, who in their right mind would want to pay <cur>500 per month for a weekend car? It's just ridiculous.

So, we've argued about this several times, and it always turns into this big, ugly fight. I've even taken on the role of managing our finances since my wife can be a bit of a shopaholic, while I'm way more frugal. I've tried to explain to her that this extra money could go towards our dream house in three years, retirement, vacations, you name it. But she just doesn't seem to grasp the bigger picture. Ugh, it's infuriating!

I need your help, guys. How should I approach this situation? I was thinking maybe I should wait until she starts using the company van and realizes how annoying it is to have three vehicles cluttering up our driveway. Maybe that will knock some sense into her. I'm just so frustrated because I feel like she's being selfish and not considering our future. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.

TL;DR: My wife's SUV is drowning us in debt because of her previous job's mileage. She just got a new job that provides a company van, which she can also use for personal stuff. But she hates vans and wants to keep the SUV. We owe <cur>490 per month for the next four years on a car that's already <cur>8-9k underwater. I suggested she drive my car (which is paid off), and if I need one, I'll drive the van. But nope, she's dead set on keeping the SUV. Am I the crazy one here? Help!
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? Just casually scrolling through this subreddit and I couldn't help but notice some of the posts here. Gotta say, some of y'all are really out there with these ideas. Let me give my two cents on a few of these.

First off, this whole debate about the black death being a divine punishment or just human activity is honestly a waste of time. I mean, come on, who knows for sure? It's probably a mix of both. Let's not pretend we have all the answers like we're some kind of god or something. And don't get me started on this whole humility and arrogance spiel. Like being proud and confident means you're not ready for heaven? Get outta here with that nonsense.

And why are we even discussing whether Islam is some transcendent evil or not? Look, it's not my cup of tea, but to each their own, right? Yeah, there are some messed up things that have happened in the name of Islam, but let's not forget that Christianity has its fair share of dark history too. So, let's not throw stones while living in glass houses, shall we?

Oh, and this argument about nothing being secular is just plain wrong. The Church had its influence, sure, but they weren't running the show. Monarchs had the real power back then. The Church just played the role of the judge, like the judiciary branch today. And let's be real, they wanted the Church's blessing because it gave them legitimacy, not because they were under some chain of authority.

And seriously, where's the citation for this China university claim? I call BS on that one. Show me the evidence or don't bother talking about it.

And finally, let's talk about the roads of Rome. Divine providence? Give me a break. Yes, the Greeks and Romans made some significant advancements, but it's a stretch to say God inspired them to do it. They were just smart and innovative people, that's it. And as for the Catholic Church in Rome, prophecy or not, let's not act like it turned the Roman Empire upside-down with love and charity. It took centuries for any significant change to happen, and even then, there were plenty of dark moments in the church's history.

Now, let's address this whole genocide of everybody thing. Seriously, are you guys buying into the propaganda? Yeah, the Spanish conquistadors weren't exactly saints, but let's not forget that the Aztec culture was brutal and messed up. Cortez may have had his flaws, but he did help overthrow a demonic leadership and allied with other tribes to do it. War is never pretty, but let's not act like the Aztecs were innocent victims here.

Alright, I think I've ranted enough for one day. Remember, it's just my opinion, so take it with a grain of salt. Peace out, Reddit!
------
hey guys, so I've been thinking about how they're gonna handle the sylvari afterlife in the game and let me tell you, I have some thoughts. So far, we've only seen displaced sylvari spirits in the domain of the lost, but that was all because of Balthazar causing trouble and messing with everything. But here's the thing, what if Trahearne's spirit actually meets up with Glint and they team up to fight against Kralkatorrik? I mean, Trahearne was a tactical genius and a badass necromancer, so he would be a great asset in Glint's war campaign. Plus, it would give us some real closure instead of just meeting dream Trahearne. 

Now, I know they mentioned in the Hall of Chains raid that Dhuum has been chowing down on some souls for a while now. He even sent those eaters of souls to different realms to gather magic for him. But with him sealed away and the eaters falling, who knows what's gonna happen next? We saw Gwen's spirit survive Dhuum's attack, so maybe other important human spirits made it too. I mean, now that they're under new management, there's a chance they could show up. Although, I gotta say, I'm still not sure who's running the show in the Fissure of Woe now that Balthy's gone. Maybe we'll find out in a future raid or something.

Oh, and did you know that rifts between Tyria and the Mists open up when a whole bunch of people die in an area? It's like all that soul magic and suffering causes some crazy imbalance. And remember that crazy artifact, the Eternal Flame, in Citadel of Flame? That thing brought people back to life before we destroyed it. Who knows what other artifacts like that are floating around? I mean, as long as Kralky keeps opening up these rifts, any dead spirit could try to cross over. They might only get a short time in the land of the living, but hey, it's better than nothing. Just look at Snaff and Eir.

Now, if we actually go into the Mists, then things get really interesting. We've seen all sorts of long-gone figures fighting there, like the primevals. And there are spirits who have been dead for over a decade that are just hanging out. I don't even know where Glint pulled Snaff's spirit from, but apparently, there's some seriously funky stuff going on there. I mean, it's pretty cool, right? Spirits appearing even when they're supposed to be in their designated afterlives that aren't even connected.

I would seriously love it if the narrative designers decided to expand on the whole afterlife and spirit concepts in the game. It's one of the most mysterious parts of the lore, and it's been that way since Lord Odran and the whole ghost thing. So yeah, Anet, if you're feeling ambitious, please give us some more juicy details about this stuff. Alright, that's it for my rambling. Peace out!
------
Hey guys, I just had to come here and rant about the ridiculous double standards in my relationship. So, get this: my girlfriend refuses to let me buy PlayStation Network (PSN) for my sons because it's apparently too expensive. She doesn't like video games and has two girls, so she doesn't see the point. But guess what? She lets her kids watch TV and play on tablets! Like seriously, what?

After much persuasion, she finally agreed to get them PSN as a shared birthday present. But now, she goes and brings up the fact that her daughter wants a set of pearl earrings. And get this, she wants to buy it for her "just because." I told her that it couldn't be a "just because" gift because it's not a necessity. And you know what? She didn't like that one bit.

I mean, come on! We put our money together, so if I couldn't buy something for my kids, why can she? It's a blatant double standard in our household that's becoming more and more obvious. And here's the kicker, whenever I try to address it with her, she gets mad! Like, how unfair is that? She does things to me all the time that I'm supposed to be okay with, but the minute I do something, it's unacceptable.

Look, don't get me wrong, she's a caring and loving person most of the time. But she just can't seem to see this flaw in our relationship. And when I point it out, it just pisses her off. It's frustrating, to say the least.

I used to play video games all the time in my previous marriage, but now, I hardly get the chance. I love my girlfriend, but our relationship has been rocky this whole year. Whenever she gets really mad, she breaks up with me. She even says she doesn't care about anything anymore. And you know how she acts the next day? Like nothing happened! She won't talk to me for a day or two, and it's like I'm just supposed to forget about it.

Seriously, guys, our relationship is filled with constant serious talks these days. It's gotten to the point where if I say something slightly rude, the whole day is ruined. And you know what? Even if it's just because I'm tired and snap at her, she's allowed to be tired and rude to me, but I'm expected to instantly get over it.

I'm at my wit's end here. I don't know how to deal with this double standard. We come from different backgrounds, with her having two girls and me having two boys. I get that boys and girls are different, but that doesn't mean a double standard should exist. It goes both ways too! She can say or do something and it's supposedly fine, but if I do the same thing, it's suddenly unacceptable.

So, Reddit fam, any advice on how to tackle this double standard issue in my relationship? I could really use some guidance here. Thanks in advance, y'all.
------
Hey, I stumbled upon this article and I have a few things to say about it.

First of all, if you're expecting an exact example of the prosperity gospel outside of religion, then you're just setting yourself up for disappointment. It's not going to be exactly the same because different sectors have different methods and approaches. It's like trying to fit a square peg into a round hole. The concept may be similar, but the execution will vary.

Secondly, you mentioned lobbying companies as an example, but they're not really a good one. Sure, they make a ton of money and their goal is to get public money, but they're only one step removed from the prosperity gospel. They're not selling the promise of personal transformation or financial ascent like Herbalife does. They're more focused on greed and eroding public faith in institutions. It's a whole different ball game.

Now, let me make it clear that I'm not here to convince you to believe in religion or anything like that. I honestly don't care what you do with your life in terms of church or God. If there is a higher power out there, it doesn't need your condolences or approval. And if there isn't, well, it simply doesn't matter. So let's move on from that topic.

But let's talk about corruption, shall we? You're angry at people who should be protecting their constituents, and I get that. But guess what? Politicians can be just as corrupt, if not more so, than people like Joel Osteen. These politicians drive the ship of government legislation, supposedly for the people, but often cater to partisan lines and moneyed interests. Take Mitch McConnell, for example. He's a fucking horrible person, and yet he's still in power. Thankfully, we have the power to vote these assholes out, although gerrymandering makes it damn near impossible sometimes.

And speaking of selling products, televangelists definitely do that. Joel Osteen is a prime example. Just take a look at his books on Amazon. Seriously, go ahead and search for them. He's selling himself and his teachings, promising that if you believe hard enough, you can achieve wealth and success. "Believe in yourself more! Buy my books and learn how to be rich!" It's all bullshit, really. Same goes for Richard DeVos, the founder of Amway. His book is called "Believe!" Surprise, surprise. Both of them are selling the same thing: the idea that if you believe in yourself, you'll be rich. And if you're not, well, you're just missing something or haven't done enough. Sound familiar?

There's even a user review of one of DeVos' books that talks about integrating compassion for others with lucrative opportunities. Apparently, that's the secret to security and happiness. According to him, believing in yourself and having a compassionate attitude will increase your chances of attaining wealth and influence. Oh, and don't forget that you can learn all of this by buying his books. Isn't that convenient?

So yeah, the prosperity gospel is everywhere, not just in religion. It's in the weight loss industry, it's in the lobbying world, and it's definitely in the realm of televangelism. It's all about selling the promise of personal transformation and financial ascent. But hey, at least we have the power to vote out corrupt politicians, right? So please, rant aside, go vote. It's important.

And that's all I have to say about that. Peace out.
------
First of all, I have to say that I find it quite amusing how you seem to believe that the standards of evidence should be relaxed just because it's challenging to find good evidence for events that happened thousands of years ago. Sorry, but that's just funny.

I must admit, I'm getting a little tired of the slogan you mentioned. It's touted as some kind of rule of thumb for people interested in an honest evaluation of evidence. But to me, it just seems like a discussion shut-down tactic.

I mean, seriously, do you even understand what "extraordinary evidence" means? It's not some magical phrase that can instantly dismiss any counterarguments. It simply suggests that extraordinary claims require better evidence than mundane claims. You know, claims that defy our everyday experience. Is that really such a difficult concept to grasp?

And by the way, when I mentioned indoctrination, I didn't necessarily imply that you were raised Christian. I was simply pointing out that statistically speaking, most Christians have indeed been indoctrinated. So forgive me if it seemed like I was making assumptions about your personal background. I don't know you, but I do know that indoctrination is a widespread practice.

Now, let's get back to the topic at hand. You brought up the example of finding a seal that says "Abraham was here" and asked if that would convince me that God spoke to him. Well, I hate to break it to you, but something as trivial as a seal wouldn't do the job for me. I mean, how does that even lead to the existence of a god?

Before you try to convince me that a god spoke to someone, maybe you should first figure out how to convince me that a god actually exists. Because, you see, that's kind of a crucial step in the whole equation. Just saying.

And speaking of evidence, you mentioned that if there was evidence that the whole thing was made up, you would believe it. Fair enough. But where's your evidence that the Hindu religion was made up? According to your logic, you should believe every religion is true until you have evidence that it's made up. So, I'm curious, where's your evidence that Christianity is true? From where I'm standing, it just looks like a bunch of stories in some books.

Oh, and by the way, holding onto faith in Christ doesn't exactly scream "concerned with the truth." If you were truly concerned with the truth, wouldn't you dump the faith and start looking for actual evidence? I mean, let's be real here, we can believe anything on faith, can't we?

Now, let's talk about the Bible for a moment. It says a bunch of stuff that we know isn't true. For instance, take Genesis. The order of creation is completely wrong. Light before the sun? The moon being a light source? Seriously? And let's not forget that there are two accounts of creation, and surprise, surprise, they contradict each other. And finally, we have the fact that we evolved, contrary to the idea that we were made by some god.

And that's just the first chapter! So please, spare me the notion that you believe Genesis literally. It contradicts known historical facts, for crying out loud. But hey, I guess when it comes to religion, special pleading fallacy is just par for the course, right?

Anyway, feel free to respond with more pseudoscientific arguments or religious apologetics. I'll be here, waiting for some actual evidence to support your claims. Until then, I'll continue scrolling through this subreddit, hoping to find some intellectually stimulating discussions amidst the sea of baseless beliefs.
------
dude, holy shit, salvia is like the craziest fucking drug ever. I mean, seriously, I've done a shit ton of psychedelics and nothing compares to the absolute mind fuck that salvia gives you. It's like stepping into another fucking dimension where everything is twisted and fucked up.

So let me tell you about my experiences with this wacky ass plant. The first time I tried it, I was with some buddies who were way more experienced than me. They had already done shrooms and smoked weed, so they thought they were total pros. We packed a bubbler full of that 20x extract shit and used a torch to light it up. We held in that smoke as long as fucking possible, man. Let me tell you, within seconds, we were all falling down into this insane s-hole. It felt like time was standing still, but also flying by. Like a fucking nitrous trip, you know? You're aware of every second, but you can't fucking process it.

Anyway, let me get to the good shit. The first few trips, I became a fucking volcano, man. I felt the earth moving beneath me and I erupted, spewing out this crazy load of lava or some shit. It was intense as fuck. And then one time, Chris Rock appeared out of nowhere and led me back to reality with his comedic magic. I don't even know how to explain it, but he saved my tripping ass.

But here's the thing, every trip was different and fucking terrifying. Like, one time my friend turned into a cake floating in the air and he was convinced he needed a spoon to eat the brick wall on the porch. It made no fucking sense, but he was coherent as fuck during the trip. It's like being completely out of reality, man.

Oh, and let me not forget the time I did salvia alone. I fucking fell and smashed my head on a table right at the start of the trip. I was unconscious, but still tripping balls. When I came back to reality, I was dazed as fuck from the head wound and still tripping. Jesus Christ, man. Salvia is some wild shit.

Now, let me give you a little background. Salvia was actually the first drug I ever tried. I did it before I even smoked weed, man. Since then, I've been on a mission to try as many hallucinogens as possible. My favorites are 2c-i and 2c-e, but salvia holds a special place in my fucked up heart. I got myself a whole gram of that shit and insufflated it like a fiend. It didn't take much to have an intense trip, man. Like, just a few milligrams would send me to another goddamn dimension.

But here's the crazy thing, every time I did salvia after that first experience, my trips took on a whole new level of weirdness. It's like reality became this accordion, man. My vision split into three parts. The bottom half was just fucking nothingness, like a void. Then, the upper half was divided by a line that moved around, separating the left and right sides. The left side was pure batshit nonsense, like some acid trip gone wrong. But the right side, man, that was reality. I could control how much I focused on each side, and it was mind-bending. I could make the left side take over, but I could also make the right side dominate and bring myself back to normal.

Salvia sparked my interest in psychedelics, dude. It showed me a whole new world of mind-altering experiences. But let me tell you, this shit ain't for the faint-hearted. It will seriously fuck with your perception of reality and leave you questioning everything. And the best part is, it used to be fucking legal, man. I could just walk into a store and buy that shit. Now, it's illegal where I live, but you can still find it online if you're lucky.

So, fellow psychonauts, I wanna hear your fucking salvia stories. This shit is nuts and I'm dying to know what kind of twisted shit you've experienced. Hit me up, man!
------
Yo, what's up y'all? So I just stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, this company's financials are a hot mess. Like seriously, they're straight up trying to pull a fast one on us with their misleading presentation.

Let's break it down, shall we? On page 12, they talk about how they account for cryptocurrencies at cost instead of revaluing them at fair value. And you know why? To avoid volatility and make their financials look better. Sneaky, right? But hey, we know they've got about 1 million BCH and around $60 million in other coins like BTC, Dash, LTC, and ETH. So by sticking to the cost they acquired these coins at, they're showing their cryptocurrency assets as around $1 billion. But come on, just a couple of days ago, 1 million BCH alone was worth $400 million! Add in the rest and they've got, at most, $500-600 million. Nice try, guys.

And get this, on page 11, when they talk about their net negative cash flow, they claim that their cryptocurrencies are highly liquid assets that can be sold in the open market to cover their liquidity needs. Ha! I'd love to see them try to sell 1 million BCH on the open market and see what happens. Spoiler alert: it ain't gonna end well.

Now let's talk about their prepaid suppliers. According to page 47, they prepaid suppliers a whopping $1.2 billion in 2017 and 2018. Damn, that's a lot of dough. But guess what? They also mention on page 40 that high inventory levels can increase their costs and risk of obsolescence. So basically, they've spent all this money on pre-paid inventory that might end up being worthless. Genius move, guys.

But wait, there's more! On page 45, they mention how they might not be able to accurately estimate their costs or pass on any increase in production costs to their customers. Uh oh, that's not good for business. And get this, their profit margin on sales has been shrinking from 52% in 2015 to 36% in 2017. That's a huge drop. If we do some quick math using the price of an S9 miner, which was around $1,500 in 2017, it looks like their costs were around $1,100. But now an S9 is only worth $440. That's a freaking 60% loss, my friends.

And yet, despite all this mess, they have the audacity to report an inventory asset valued at $887 million on page 216. Seriously, who's buying their inventory at these inflated prices? They definitely haven't followed good accounting practices, which would require them to use the most conservative valuation method. But nah, they've gone ahead and inflated their assets instead.

So, my fellow Redditors, let's call it like it is. This company's financials are a disaster. They're playing with numbers, inflating their assets, and trying to hide the truth. Don't let them fool you with their fancy presentation. The reality is that their reported assets are way higher than they should be, and their net negative cash flow is even worse than they're admitting. Keep your eyes open, folks, 'cause something fishy is going on here.
------
Alright, listen up folks because I'm about to drop some truth bombs about the crafting system in Skyrim. And let me tell you, it's dumb. Like seriously, what were they thinking when they decided that every race in the game should make their weapons the same way? I mean, come on!

Think about it. Argonians making iron daggers just like Nords? Imperials wielding steel long-swords instead of badass gladius? It's ridiculous! Each race should have their own unique weapon designs for all the different materials. It would add so much more depth and immersion to the game, you know?

Here's what I propose. Let's have racially themed quests where you can seek out weapon schematics. For example, if you join an Orc stronghold and become an apprentice to the smith, you would learn the Orcish designs. As you progress in the Imperial Legion, you would unlock the coveted Imperial designs. And for the Argonian designs, you could get them from Veezara in the Dark Brotherhood. It's all about putting in the effort, guys!

But why stop there? Let's make it even more interesting. Completing certain quests in the Grey Quarter and Solstheim could unlock Dunmeri designs. And if you really want those Aldmeri designs, you gotta take down Thalmor patrols or turn in some poor Talos worshippers in Solitude and Markarth. It's not a walk in the park, but hey, who said being a master weaponsmith should be easy?

Now, the Khajiiti designs would be the real challenge. You'd have to trade with the Khajiit caravans, become a master of speech craft, and spend a small fortune of at least 50,000 gold with good ol' Ri'saad. I mean, if you want the best, you gotta work for it, right?

And let's not forget about the other races. Bretons could learn their designs at the College of Winterhold, while Bosmer designs could be taught by none other than Anoriath in Whiterun. Dragon designs, as an alternative, would only be unlocked after defeating Alduin and learning from Paarthurnax. And for those Redguard designs, you could get them from Nazir after successfully assassinating the Emperor. It's all about earning your stripes, my friends.

But wait, there's more! How about we introduce some alternative forms of weapons and armor to craft? For example, if you free Madanach from Cidhna Mine, you would gain the ability to forge Forsworn gear. Joining the Volkihar would grant you access to badass vampiric armor, while siding with the Dawnguard would unlock their unique armory as well. And if you recruit 5 or more new agents for the Blades, Delphine and Esbern would reward you with ancient blade secrets. It's all about choices and consequences, baby.

And if I had it my way, there would be a customization screen because why the hell not? Just like in Jedi Academy, you could choose from various parts and put them together to create a weapon that is truly unique. And guess what? Each part would have its own stats! A curved blade could intimidate your enemies but have lower deflection stats, for instance. It's all about personalization and expanding the realm of roleplaying possibilities. Don't you get annoyed when you've put so much effort into creating your character, only to see that their legendary weapon looks exactly the same as every other player's or even the common bandits'? It's time to change that!

So, Todd Howard, if you're listening, please hear me out. This is how we revolutionize the crafting system in Skyrim. We integrate it flawlessly with the rest of the game, add variety, and give players the freedom to truly express themselves through their weapons. It's time to make Skyrim truly immersive and exciting. Are you with me?
------
Alright, listen up ya'll. I couldn't help but stumble upon this thread and boy oh boy, I just can't keep my mouth shut. So, let's get right into it.

First off, I have no idea where the heck this conversation is even going. Seriously, I've never heard so much pointless back-and-forth in my life. Like, who even cares about some random person getting punched in the face? And am I supposed to believe that it's justified because they're a freakin' Nazi? Gimme a break.

And then you, my friend, come swooping in with your oh-so-intellectual response. "So is any antifa punch to you puss' faces." Wow, top-notch grammar there buddy. But seriously, are you trying to say that violence is acceptable as a response to violence? Especially in the context of D-Day? You gotta be kidding me. That's like saying two wrongs make a right, which is just plain dumb.

But hey, maybe I'm just not getting your profound words of wisdom. So here I am, giving you another chance to explain yourself. Because, you know, I'm such a generous soul. I mean, who cares if you misread my previous comment or if your spelling was so horrendous that I couldn't understand a word? Enlighten me, oh wise one!

Oh wait, you're Jewish? Well, congratulations buddy, I'm an atheist. Can we please move on now? Our religious beliefs don't add anything to this dumpster fire of a conversation.

And then we have the audacity to start throwing around fancy words like "doxosophers" and acting like we're all geniuses. Newsflash, my friend, your argument is as weak as a newborn kitten. If you can't convince me with your dazzling charisma, then maybe you should let someone else do the talking. Talking things out has actually proven to be pretty darn useful in the last few decades, y'know?

And don't even get me started on these whole Nazi and Confederate conspiracy theories. Yeah, sure, there are a few preppers out there waiting for the so-called "day of the revolution." But does that mean we should all freak out and start promoting violence? Come on, man. Let's not buy into that fear-mongering BS.

And here's where I really have to put my foot down. Cutting the humanitarian bullshit? Are you serious? Excuse me for having some goddamn principles! If we wanna win this so-called "culture war," we can't stoop down to their level. Initiating violence is not the answer. Promoting violence is definitely not the answer. And excusing violence? Hell to the no.

Look, I get it. We all want the violence against our people to stop. But resorting to violence ourselves is just plain dumb. It's like trying to extinguish a fire with gasoline. It doesn't work, my friend.

So let's get our heads out of our rear ends and start focusing on finding real solutions. Violence ain't it, folks. It's time to use our brains, not our fists. Drop the macho act and let's actually make a difference. Peace, love, and all that jazz.
------
Alright, let's break this down. First of all, it's clear that you have completely misunderstood my previous comment. I never said that you hate the studio. I was simply pointing out that by ignoring half of what Isayama wrote, you are essentially hating on the studio without considering the full picture. So please, don't put words in my mouth and try to understand what I'm actually saying.

And about Isayama asking for changes in the anime adaptation, you claim that I'm lying. Well, let me tell you something, friend. Isayama did indeed ask for changes, and he has been pretty open about it. In season 1, he asked for changes in the pacing, and although he wasn't initially a fan of the filler content in episode 22, he eventually accepted it. So, yes, he did ask for changes in season 1.

Moving on to season 2, Isayama mentioned in a video interview that he asked for some changes. He specifically referenced Ymir's flashback and Marco. These were two good changes that the adaptation made, in my opinion. The Ymir flashback should have been included in the Clash of Titans arc, and Isayama probably delayed it for various reasons. Maybe he didn't want to reveal certain secrets too early, or maybe he wasn't sure about the direction he wanted to take at the time. Nevertheless, these changes were beneficial.

Now, you sarcastically ask if Isayama was pretending to be disappointed. Well, he could very well be disappointed, but that doesn't mean he's trashing the adaptation just to market his own product. Most authors don't speak poorly of their adaptations, even if they have reservations about them. It's a marketing strategy, and it makes sense. Just because Isayama is disappointed doesn't mean he thinks the anime is fixing his work. He might have his reasons for being disappointed, but that doesn't automatically make the anime studio the bad guy.

If you need more proof, let's talk about some specific cuts made in the anime adaptation. Characters like the journalists, who play a crucial role in the uprising arc, were cut short in the anime. As a result, a lot of their dialogue won't make sense anymore. And what about the kid who throws a rock at Historia in the flashback? Well, he was also cut from the anime, and now they'll have to introduce him at the last second. These are clear examples of where the anime adaptation went wrong.

The only thing the anime got right in the uprising arc so far was adding Kenny to the cave fight. It's baffling why he wasn't there in the manga to begin with. This is an example of where the anime improved upon the source material.

So, my friend, when I talk about Isayama's disappointment and the flaws in the anime adaptation, I am not creating some wild conspiracy theory. I am simply presenting logical arguments based on facts. Authors often don't speak negatively about their adaptations, and there have been numerous instances where they have praised their adaptations even if they had reservations. Isayama is no exception to this.

In conclusion, please try to understand the points I'm making before accusing me of hating the studio or spreading conspiracy theories. I am using logic and evidence to support my arguments. And remember, just because Isayama might be disappointed doesn't mean he's trashing the adaptation for marketing purposes. I hope this clarifies things for you.
------
Hey, so I came across this post and wanted to chime in with my two cents. I've done some experiments in the past on optimization levels and let me tell you, inlining is a game-changer. Seriously, it's like the holy grail of optimizations because it opens up so many possibilities for the compiler to work its magic.

Let me give you a rundown of what I discovered. A while back, I was tinkering with one of my code bases, and I decided to measure the impact of different optimization levels. From what I remember, turning on '-o0' to '-o1' had the most significant effect. Like, we're talking a massive difference compared to going from '-o1' to '-o2', or '-o2' to '-o3'. And get this, if I also threw in '-fno-inline' alongside '-o1', about half of that effect went away.

Now, I have to clarify that this was a few years ago, so take it with a grain of salt. But it should give you some perspective on how crucial inlining can be for performance optimization.

But here's where things get interesting. Did you know that compilers can actually perform optimizations even if a function isn't explicitly inlined? Yeah, it blew my mind too when I found out. Let me illustrate with a dumb example.

Imagine you have this code snippet:

```
int plus_one(int x);

int twice_plus_two(int x)
{
    return plus_one(x) + plus_one(x);
}
```

Seems straightforward, right? Well, the generated code for 'twice_plus_two' will make two separate calls to 'plus_one'. Nothing surprising there.

However, with compilers like gcc and clang, you can annotate the declaration of 'plus_one' using the '__attribute__((const))'. This attribute tells the compiler that the function's behavior solely depends on the argument without any side effects. So, guess what? The compiler realizes that both calls to 'plus_one(x)' will return the same result, and it doesn't need to call it twice. Whoa!

Here's what the optimized code looks like:

```
twice_plus_two(int):
    sub rsp, 8
    call plus_one(int) ; eax := plus_one(x)
    add rsp, 8
    add eax, eax ; eax := eax + eax;
    ret ; return eax
```

Isn't that awesome? We saved ourselves from unnecessary function calls and improved efficiency.

Now, let's take it up a notch. What if we have the body of the 'plus_one' function available? Well, in that case, 'twice_plus_two' will just inline the calls, and things won't be as interesting for our discussion. But what if we want to prevent that?

Check out this modification:

```
int plus_one(int x) __attribute__((noinline));

int plus_one(int x)
{
    return x + 1;
}
```

By adding the '__attribute__((noinline))' to the function declaration, we explicitly tell the compiler not to inline the call inside 'twice_plus_two'. However, the compiler still figures out that 'plus_one' is a 'const' function and only makes one call to it. In fact, it goes above and beyond:

```
twice_plus_two(int):
    call plus_one(int)
    add eax, eax
    ret
```

You see that? The extra stuff it got rid of is probably because it knows the size of 'plus_one''s stack frame and understands that both frames can fit into x64's redzone. If we're dealing with '-m32' as well, the two versions differ by just one instruction.

Now, I know this is a silly example, and I'm deliberately preventing inlining, but it's essential to note that there are cases where the compiler would refuse to inline a function due to various reasons, and yet still benefit from knowing what it does.

So, moral of the story - inlining is the holy grail of optimizations, my friend. It has the power to unlock a world of possibilities for the compiler and significantly impact performance. Keep that in mind next time you're optimizing your code. Cheers!
------
Alright, buckle up, folks. I'm about to lay down some truth bombs in response to this post.

First off, let's talk about this whole "passing out" and "blacking out" nonsense. Who gives a flying flip? Seriously, it's like splitting hairs at this point. And as for perjury, who even knows if that's what's going on here? This whole thing is so messed up, it's hard to keep track.

Now, let's address Senator Feinstein. Yeah, she definitely played it dirty by sitting on that letter for six whole weeks. I mean, come on! What was she thinking? It's shady as hell, and I wouldn't trust anyone who does something like that.

And don't even get me started on those FBI background checks. Six of them and not a single hint of sexual misconduct? Yeah, right. Either Kavanaugh is a saint, or the FBI needs to up their game. I'm leaning towards the latter.

But wait, there's more! Kavanaugh's history with mass surveillance and rendition? Troubling, my friends. Very troubling indeed. We're talking about someone who might be sitting on the highest court in the land and has a questionable track record when it comes to privacy rights. That should raise some serious red flags.

And speaking of red flags, let's not forget about the lack of corroboration for the allegations against Kavanaugh. I mean, seriously? Is this what our justice system has come to? A mere accusation without any solid evidence can ruin someone's life? That's messed up, folks. Real messed up.

But hey, let's not forget about the balance of the Supreme Court. We can't have an unbalanced court, right? Well, maybe we can. Maybe it's time to shake things up and see what happens. Who knows? It could actually lead to some positive change. Stranger things have happened.

Now, onto Kavanaugh's recent testimony. Evasive? Yeah, that's one way to put it. The guy seemed to dodge every question about his drinking habits like a pro. It's like he was trying to hide something. And Christine Ford's testimony? Questionable aspects? Yeah, I'll say. Something just didn't quite add up there.

But you know what? None of this really matters in the grand scheme of things. Because let's face it, Roe v. Wade is never going to be overturned. It's become a sacred cow in American society, and no one wants to touch it. And as for the Patriot Act? Ha! You can forget about that ever being rescinded. It'll just get a fancy new name and continue to trample all over our privacy rights.

And here's a fun little twist for you. Isn't it ironic that people on the left, who used to despise George W. Bush, are now using Kavanaugh's role in his administration against him? Talk about hypocrisy at its finest. But hey, that doesn't change the fact that Kavanaugh's views on important issues seem pretty sketchy to me.

Now, let's talk about the media. The damn corporate media, feeding us their talking points day in and day out. It's all just noise, really. They're not gonna change anything, no matter how much we argue about it. So why even bother?

And let's not forget about our intelligence agencies. Will they ever respect the actual laws that protect us? Hell no. They'll just keep spying on us and violating our privacy. It's a sad state of affairs, my friends.

Now, here's a hypothetical for you. Let's say Kavanaugh doesn't get confirmed. Do you really think Fox News, CNN, or MSNBC are gonna bring him on to talk about his role in the Bush administration? Yeah, right. That's a pipe dream if I've ever heard one.

But maybe, just maybe, Kavanaugh would turn to alternative media to spill the beans on the Patriot Act and all the shady stuff that went into creating it. I mean, why the hell not? Revenge is a dish best served with a side of truth, right?

In the end, I don't really care if Kavanaugh gets confirmed or not. Sure, he might be qualified and all, but there's just too much shady stuff surrounding him. And yeah, both he and Ford have been treated badly, but that doesn't change the fact that our government is a bunch of lying, privacy-invading jerks.

So, there you have it. My take on this whole Kavanaugh circus. Take it or leave it, folks. But remember, always be true to yourself, even if that means being a conspiracy theorist who questions everything.
------
Alright, listen up y'all. I've been seeing a lot of talk about hurricanes lately, and let me tell you, some people just don't seem to understand the facts. So here's the deal: hurricanes are not becoming more frequent, okay? I don't care what anyone else says, but that's what the experts are saying.

I mean, come on, even the IPCC reports have stated that hurricane frequency will either remain the same or decrease. It's right there in black and white. So why do people keep spreading this misinformation? It's like they're living in their own little world, where facts don't matter.

But here's the thing, intensity is actually increasing and is expected to continue increasing in a warming world. That's right, folks. While the frequency might be staying the same or going down, these bad boys are getting stronger. That's just how it is.

Now, I know some of y'all are gonna ask for sources, so I'll give you some. There's this study by Knutson et al. in 2010 that talks about how greenhouse warming will cause tropical cyclones to become stronger. I'm talking about intensity increases of 2-11% by the year 2100. That's no joke.

And if that's not enough for you, there's this other study by Yamada et al. in 2017 that shows how the frequency of tropical cyclones is actually reduced by 22.7% under warmer climate conditions. So there you have it, folks. Straight from the scientists themselves.

But let me go even further. There's this study by Emanuel in 2005 that shows how the destructiveness of hurricanes has been increasing since the mid-1970s. And you know what's causing that increase? It's the rising sea surface temperatures, baby. That's what's driving this trend.

Oh, and here's another one for you. Hoyos et al. in 2006 found that the increase in category 4 and 5 hurricanes is directly linked to the increase in sea surface temperature. It's like they're holding hands or something. Other factors might have some influence, but really, it's all about that warm water.

And just to drive the point home, Elsner et al. in 2008 found significant upward trends for wind speed in the strongest cyclones. Things are getting windier out there, my friends.

I could go on and on, but I think you get the picture. These studies, along with numerous others, all point to one thing: hurricanes are getting stronger. So let's stop with all this nonsense about them becoming more frequent. It's just not true.

But hey, don't take my word for it. Go check out these studies for yourselves. Educate yourselves, people. The truth is out there, you just have to look for it. And when you find it, spread it like wildfire. We need to set the record straight once and for all.

So next time someone tries to tell you that hurricanes are becoming more frequent, just give 'em a friendly reminder about the facts. And if they still don't believe you, well, maybe they're beyond help. Just shake your head and move on. There's no point wasting your time on people who refuse to see the truth.

Alright, that's all I've got to say on this topic. I hope y'all learned something today. Stay informed, y'all. It's the only way we can make a difference in this crazy world.
------
Alright, let's get real here. I don't really see what the big fuss is about using this sigil for whatever purpose it serves. I mean, come on, there are pros and cons to everything in life, right? So let's break it down.

First off, if you manage to get a lucky drop from the forge or an exotic weapon drop that has this sigil slotted, you're gonna score yourself some serious gold. And hey, that's not such a bad thing, right? It's about time they did something to boost the value of those rare sigils. I mean, everybody's been complaining about it for ages. So maybe this is just their way of trying to fix things up a bit.

And you know what? They probably test these changes in small scale scenarios like this before implementing them across the board. So it makes sense to use just one sigil for now instead of making a huge fuss about it all at once. Besides, it's not like you really need a whole bunch of useless runes and sigils cluttering up your inventory, am I right?

But let's be real here, this whole thing is just a way for the rich players to show off their wealth and get a leg up on the rest of us. I mean, seriously, who has the time or the patience to forge rare sigils for hours on end? Not me, that's for damn sure. And let's not even get started on those RNG-based exotic weapons drops. Like, come on, that's just not fair.

Now, don't get me wrong, I get that they're trying to create a wealth transfer from the veterans to the casuals and newbies. But let's be honest, most of us casual players don't need or want to unlock everything within the first few days. We've got lives outside of this game, you know? So maybe they should have picked something else to focus on instead of this sigil nonsense.

And can we talk about the supply issue here? These sigils are hardly farmable, which means the supply is pretty damn limited. I mean, who in their right mind wants to spend hours forging rare sigils just to get the 25 you need for this collection? Not me, that's for sure. I'd rather be out exploring the new episode, thank you very much.

And don't even get me started on the exotic weapons. They're mostly RNG drops from mobs and event chests, so good luck trying to farm those. The only exception seems to be [arc](url), which also drops from some champ bags. So I guess now would be a good time to open those up, especially since the prices for common materials are through the roof right now.

But seriously, couldn't they have picked something more farmable for this collection? I mean, c'mon, there are plenty of other options out there. Like pulsing brandsparks, for example. There's no shortage of branded enemies on the new map, and they drop crystal lodestones like nobody's business. Not to mention the eyes of Kormir, ley line sand, and concealed putrescences. Now those would have been a better fit, don't you think?

So yeah, while I understand that this mi
------
Alright, listen up folks. I can't believe I'm wasting my time responding to this nonsense, but here we go.

First of all, let's address this whole self-determination mumbo jumbo. It's a load of horse crap. Saying something is self-determined doesn't make it meaningful or possible. I mean, come on, are you actually buying into that? If we could identify an electron and describe its movements as random or probabilistic, then guess what? It's random. Calling it self-determined doesn't change a damn thing.

Now, let's talk about quantum physics. Yeah, forget about it for a moment. What we really need to focus on is logic. And logic tells us that free will is a bunch of hogwash. The only interesting question here is what kind of universe actually exists without free will. Spoiler alert: it's the one we live in.

And don't get me started on your supercomputer analogy. You're making assumptions left and right that I just don't share. You accuse me of presupposing naturalism and adhering to some kind of dogma? Well, newsflash buddy, I addressed the soul. Even with a soul, free will still doesn't make any sense. Agent plus environment equals output, simple as that. You can twist and turn the variables however you want, but free will will never be a coherent concept. It's either determinism or probabilism, regardless of whether the world is naturalistic or supernatural.

Oh, and let's not forget about your claim that our subjective experience of free will somehow proves its existence. Seriously? Do you think everything we perceive about the world is accurate? Our feelings don't dictate reality, my friend. Just because I feel like the fifth time I flip a coin after four times landing on heads is less likely to land on heads, doesn't make it true. It's still a 0.5 probability, plain and simple. So stop using your subjective experiences as evidence for something that doesn't hold water.

And here we go again with the whole "without free will there are no wishes or thinking" argument. Seriously, do you even know anything about cognition? Maybe put down those ancient philosophy books for a second and go study some neuroscience. I can't believe I have to explain this, but you can still have wishes, thoughts, and desires without being some acting agent with free will. "Wishful thinking" doesn't imply some magical power to control the universe. Get a grip.

Look, I don't know how else to put this. You're clearly not thinking deeply about any of this. Your arguments are full of holes and motivated reasoning. It's like you're just regurgitating some half-baked ideas without any real understanding. So do us all a favor and educate yourself before spouting off more nonsense. Maybe then we can have a real discussion and make some actual progress. But until then, I'm out. Peace.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I stumbled upon this thread and I can't help but feel like I need to chime in. Y'all are talking about training and muscle gains, and let me just say, you're overcomplicating things.

First off, let me address the idea of training bench and rows the same way. Seriously, dude? They're completely different movements, targeting different muscles. Why on earth would you train them the same? I mean, I train my squats differently than my presses because, surprise surprise, they work different muscles! And don't even get me started on abs and deadlifts. They're in a league of their own, my friend.

Now, I get it. You want your gains to be proportional across all major muscle groups. But guess what? Training them all the same way ain't gonna cut it. You can do a million bench presses, but it won't give you the same results as a million bent over rows. They're not mirror opposites, and they require different training approaches.

I see someone mention 5/3/1 and 5x10 for both bench and rows. Look, I'm not saying it won't work at all, but it's definitely more prone to errors in form and deviations from the target percentages. Trust me, I've seen it happen. I've experienced it myself. So, if you're dead set on doing that, you better keep a close eye on your form because otherwise, you'll be straying far from your goals.

Oh, and here's a little reality check for all you newbies out there. Form is a big freaking issue, especially for you guys who are just starting out. You ain't got the body awareness and control yet, so trying to push the intensity without compromising form is gonna be a struggle. Just sayin'.

But here's the thing, my friends. Symmetry and proportional gains aren't achieved by mindlessly following a one-size-fits-all approach. Your back muscles are bigger than your pecs, and they need more volume to balance out. That means you gotta throw some extra love at those back muscles to get 'em to catch up with your pressing muscles. It's gonna require a different approach, a different mindset.

So, stop obsessing over training every damn movement the same way. Embrace the differences, embrace the fact that your body is unique, and figure out what works best for you. And please, for the love of all that's holy, don't expect equal growth from different movements. It just ain't gonna happen.

Alright, rant over. Take it or leave it, but I hope y'all start seeing the bigger picture here. Happy lifting, and may your gains be as glorious as your attitude. Peace out.
------
Listen up, folks. I've been seeing a lot of you on here scratching your heads, wondering why the hell people support Trump. Well, let me break it down for you, because clearly you're missing something.

First off, let's get one thing straight. Just because someone supports Trump doesn't mean they support everything about him. Yeah, I know, shocker right? People can actually differentiate between the man and his policies. It's not rocket science.

Now, if you ever actually bothered to do some research, you'd realize that a large chunk of the GOP actually likes Trump's policies. Yeah, I said it. They don't all have a shrine dedicated to his orange face in their basement. It's more about what he's doing rather than who he is.

Take the Supreme Court appointments, for example. If Trump manages to slip a couple of justices in there who aren't just liberal puppets, then I can begrudgingly admit that it was a good move. I might even gag a little, but hey, a win's a win.

And let's not forget the issue of illegal immigration. Look, I know Trump might be a buffoon, but guess what? With a Democrat in charge, that flood of undocumented folks would only get worse. And you know what that means? More competition for jobs, which ultimately drives down wages for everyone else. So yeah, call him a buffoon all you want, but at least he's trying to address the problem.

Now, let's talk about China. I've noticed that when we slap a 15-25% tariff on some of their products, they retaliate with a whopping 40%. Seriously, what the hell? We need someone who's willing to stand up to them and fight for fair trade. And you think Hillary or Jeb would have done that? Ha! Dream on, my friend. It took a crazy person like Trump to even make a dent in their market. Forced technology transfer, that shit needs to stop too.

And how about that tax reform bill? It might not be perfect, but it's a step in the right direction. And guess who had the balls to sign it? That's right, good ol' Donald. Hillary would've probably shredded it as soon as she touched it.

Now, here's a thought. Maybe, just maybe, we shouldn't be the world's police anymore. Seriously, it's getting old. Let South Korea figure out how to defend themselves without relying on American troops. And while we're at it, let's stop being the buffer between Russia and Europe. We can still be in NATO without physically planting ourselves there. It's about time we start reevaluating these traditional notions held by our politicians.

Look, I'm not gonna sit here and pretend that Trump is some kind of genius or saint. Far from it. The guy's a buffoon, an idiot, morally bankrupt as a family guy, and a liar. But thankfully, there are some level-headed Republicans on his staff who can reign in his stupidity. Thank goodness for that.

So, yeah, I can't wait until he's no longer the president. Not because of his policies, mind you, but because of his character and all those damn divisive statements. As a lifelong Republican, I didn't vote for him or Hillary in 2016, but I can't say I'm disappointed with the direction of his policies.

There you have it, folks. That's the appeal of Trump to his supporters, whether you like it or not. Now, before you jump down my throat, take a moment to absorb what I just said. And if you still don't get it, well, I guess there's no hope for you. Cheers!
------
Alright, let me start off by saying that I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about. Your response to my previous comment is a jumbled mess of incoherent thoughts and baseless accusations. It's honestly laughable how you're trying to twist my words to fit your own narrative.

First of all, I never called you a Nazi. I simply pointed out that your statement aligns with some of the hateful rhetoric that is often associated with that ideology. But hey, if the shoe fits, right? You seem to be all for instilling fear in others and suppressing free speech, so maybe you should take a long, hard look in the mirror.

And let's address this whole "sweet speaking" nonsense. You really think that being kind and understanding is not going to change anyone's mind? Well, I hate to break it to you, but your aggressive and confrontational approach isn't going to win you any arguments either. In fact, it's just going to push people further away and make them less likely to consider your perspective. But hey, who needs rational discourse when you can just resort to name-calling and fear tactics, right?

Oh, and speaking of fear tactics, let's talk about your brilliant idea of labeling anyone who disagrees with you as a Nazi. That's a great way to foster productive dialogue and understanding, isn't it? By throwing around baseless accusations and demonizing those who have different opinions, you're essentially becoming the very thing you claim to despise. Congratulations on your hypocrisy!

And no, my identity does not make my arguments irrelevant. It's not about who I am, it's about the validity of my points. But of course, you would rather dismiss my stance because it doesn't fit into your narrow worldview. Just because someone disagrees with you doesn't mean they automatically lack understanding or knowledge on the subject. Maybe you should take a step back and consider that there might be more than one perspective worth considering.

Now, let's address your claim that I have no arguments. Clearly, you must have missed the part where I outlined several arguments in my previous comment. But hey, why bother actually engaging with the points I made when you can just conveniently ignore them and pretend they don't exist? It's a great way to avoid having a meaningful conversation.

And don't even get me started on your misinterpretation of my statement about Nazis gaining popularity. I never said that people want to murder, discriminate, and enslave others out of spite for a third party. That's a complete misrepresentation of my argument. What I said is that the fear-mongering tactics employed by individuals like yourself make it seem like there's a Nazi around every corner, when in reality, it's just an exaggerated perception fueled by paranoia.

And finally, let's talk about your decision to block me. Well, congratulations on taking the easy way out. Instead of actually engaging with my counterarguments and attempting to have a civil discussion, you'd rather just dismiss me as a racist apologist. It's a convenient way to avoid having to defend your own flawed beliefs.

So, in conclusion, I find your response to be highly irrational, filled with baseless accusations, and lacking any coherent arguments. It's clear that you're more interested in shutting down opposing viewpoints and resorting to personal attacks than actually engaging in a meaningful conversation. Good luck with that approach, buddy. You're going to need it.
------
Alright, let's get real here. I gotta say, I mostly agree with you when it comes to stuff like meth or PCP. I mean, seriously, people get sucked into that shit because it's cheap and easy to find. It's not like they wake up one day and say, "Hey, let's ruin our lives with some hardcore drugs!"

And let me tell you, once you're addicted, you're pretty much just using to avoid feeling like absolute garbage. And if, by some miracle, you manage to kick the habit but then life starts kicking your ass again, well, guess what? Those cheap and readily available drugs are gonna be right there waiting for you. It's like a vicious cycle, man.

But here's the thing, if we treated all drugs the same way we treat alcohol, you know, make 'em legal with a few small restrictions, I bet you a million bucks the market for things like PCP and meth would just vanish into thin air. I mean, come on, think about it! We'd no longer have this underground market where people are risking their lives to score some drugs. It would just be like going to the liquor store and buying a bottle of whiskey. Easy peasy.

Now, I know some of y'all might be thinking about all those criminal charges that come with alcohol, like public intoxication and whatnot. Well, let me tell you, I'm totally cool with applying those same laws to drugs too. Picture this: we take all the laws we have for alcohol, copy-paste them into a new document, and then just do a little "find and replace" action, swapping out "alcohol" with "marijuana," "heroin," or whatever drug you wanna think of. Boom! New laws, baby!

But hold up, hold up. Let's not get too carried away here. Public intoxication laws are mostly enforced based on appearances, right? I mean, they don't just go around breathalyzing everyone on the street. So, think about it, a lot of drug users can function just fine in society without anyone suspecting a damn thing. Seriously, you probably work with a bunch of people who pop painkillers like candy, but you'd never even know unless you dug deep into their prescription history.

So, yeah, I don't think these laws would really have as big of an impact on curbing drug use as some folks might think. Sure, we gotta hold people accountable for their actions, especially if they're committing crimes to feed their addiction. But being addicted in itself shouldn't be something we punish, man. If someone isn't hurting anyone but themselves, then it's their own damn business, right?

But hey, speaking of holding people accountable, let's talk about rehab programs. They gotta step up their game, bro. I mean, getting clean is not enough if your whole life still sucks. You need more than just a damn detox program. You need someone who can actually help you turn your life around in the long run. Otherwise, rehab ain't gonna mean squat for most people.

And here's the thing, if you turned to drugs because your life was a total trainwreck, chances are you don't even know where to start looking for help or how to improve your situation. That's where rehab centers should come in, man. They should be these awesome places that teach low-income folks how to improve their lives. Like, for real, they should offer guidance, support, job training, all that good stuff.

But you know what? Our current system ain't cutting it, bro. Whether you're addicted to meth or weed, most treatment centers just focus on getting the drugs out of your system and maybe throw in some addiction counseling. It's like a quick fix approach, ya know? They try to reprogram your brain or tell you to avoid anything that reminds you of drugs. But that's not gonna solve the underlying issues, man. That's not gonna help you build a better life.

So, bottom line, we need a major overhaul of the whole damn system. We gotta treat all drugs like we treat alcohol, with some reasonable restrictions in place, and we gotta beef up those rehab programs. We need to give people the tools they need to get their shit together and create a life worth living. Only then can we really make a dent in this whole drug problem.
------
Hey, what's up with all the hate? Can we please take a step back and have a civilized discussion? It's fine to have differing opinions, but there's no need to be impolite and disrespectful.

First of all, I have to disagree with your claim that Tesla was nothing before Musk. Sure, they may not have been as successful as they are now, but that doesn't mean they were a complete failure. They were making significant progress in the electric car industry even before Musk came along. And yes, they did pull in a whopping 4 billion in revenue last quarter, so clearly, they're doing something right.

As for your jab at Musk's arbitrary goals, they may seem arbitrary to you, but setting ambitious targets is often how progress is made. Even if he doesn't hit every single goal, he's still pushing the boundaries of technology and innovation. And let's not forget that Tesla is a globally recognized brand worth 50 billion. That's no small feat.

Moving on to your comparison with Bezos, I don't understand why you feel the need to pit them against each other. Both Musk and Bezos have made significant contributions to their respective industries. Bezos may not be as involved in the engineering and design of rockets as Musk is, but that doesn't diminish his achievements. Reading to better oneself is never a bad thing, so I don't see why you're attempting to shame Musk for it.

Now, let's address your claim that SpaceX hasn't done anything revolutionary. I'm sorry, but that's just plain wrong. Musk and his team at SpaceX revolutionized space travel by successfully reusing rockets. Sure, the concept may have been there for decades, but no one actually made it a reality until Musk did. That, my friend, is revolutionary.

And as for your accusation of Musk "raping" the government for funds, I find that to be an unfair and exaggerated statement. Yes, SpaceX has received government contracts, but so have many other companies in various industries. It's a normal part of doing business, especially in the aerospace sector. Let's not forget that Lockheed Martin and other major defense contractors also receive government funding. So, singling out Musk for this is just unfair.

As for SolarCity, yes, it was bought out by Tesla. So what? It's part of their strategy to provide sustainable energy solutions. Just because SolarCity may have faced some challenges doesn't mean it's a failure. They're constantly innovating and adapting, and that's what true entrepreneurship is about.

And finally, your comment about Musk bragging and thinking he has a hand in every engineering feat is just ridiculous. Musk is the Chief Designer at SpaceX, so of course, he's going to be involved in the engineering process. It's his company! Comparing that to Bezos not bragging about packing Amazon shipments is completely irrelevant. We're talking about two different industries here.

Look, I get it. You have your opinions, and that's fine. But resorting to insults and belittling someone's accomplishments is unnecessary. Musk came from humble beginnings and faced numerous challenges, and he managed to build successful companies like Tesla and SpaceX. That's not something everyone can do.

So, instead of bashing Musk and questioning his achievements, let's focus on fostering a more positive and respectful environment of discussion.
------
Alright, listen up folks, I've got a little story to share with you all. So last Sunday, me and my so-called friend decided to hit up this fancy-smancy restaurant for dinner. Now, we've been doing this whole "going dutch" thing since the seventh grade, which basically means we each pay for our own damn meals. Nothing out of the ordinary there, right?

So, we sit down, order our food, and I notice my friend decides to splurge on a fancy bottle of wine. Now, let me just say, I'm not much of a drinker. I've been trying to cut back because once I start, it's hard for me to stop until I'm three sheets to the wind. So, I politely decline her offer for a sip of that overpriced grape juice.

Fast forward to Tuesday morning, and what do I find in my Venmo requests? A payment request from my lovely friend for a whopping 65 bucks! Are you freakin' kidding me? I shoot her a message, trying to give her the benefit of the doubt, thinking maybe she sent it by mistake. But no, she insists it's for the wine she ordered for both of us.

Now, call me crazy, but I distinctly remember that I didn't touch a drop of that liquid gold. So naturally, I kindly remind her of that fact. But what does she come back at me with? Some half-baked logic about how bottles are meant to be paid by everyone at the table. Umm, excuse me? Nah, girl, that's not how this works.

I tell her straight up that I ain't payin' a single extra cent for something I didn't even partake in. And you know what she had the audacity to say to me? She starts cussin' me out in Italian, accusing me of being stingy. Can you believe the nerve of this chick? I fired back with some choice words of my own, and now she's all up in arms, claiming I don't understand basic dinner etiquette. Ha! As if she's the expert on manners.

Honestly, I'm at a loss for words. I haven't even bothered replying to her since that heated exchange. What is there to say? We've always gotten separate bills without a problem before. But all of a sudden, she expects me to fork over extra cash for a bottle of wine I didn't even sip? Hell no!

And let me paint the bigger picture here, folks. We're both broke-ass students just tryin' to make ends meet. That 65 bucks she's demanding is practically my entire grocery budget for two whole weeks! I can't exactly call up mommy and daddy for a bailout either because my dear friend seems to think I'm her personal ATM.

So, here's the big question: am I the asshole in this situation? Am I in the wrong for refusing to pay for something I didn't order or drink? Personally, I don't think so. I mean, come on, common sense should prevail here. It's not like I've been chugging wine like it's water since July. She knows damn well I'm trying to lay off the sauce.

Oh, and just to clear a few things up while I'm at it: I didn't dictate what wine she should get. That was all her decision. Why the hell would I tell her what to buy when I knew I wouldn't even touch the stuff? And as for her fiance pressuring her or whatever, that's nothing but speculation on my part. But hey, maybe he saw the bill and wondered why it was so damn high. Who knows?

Bottom line, people, going dutch means separate bills. I don't know what possessed my friend to suddenly demand I foot the bill for her booze, but it ain't happenin'. So, tell me, Reddit, am I the jerk here or is my friend just being a cheap, entitled brat? Let me know what you think, and please, hold back on the insults. We're all friends here, right?
------
Hey everyone,

So I came across this post by Mike Rowe and wanted to share my thoughts on the whole Nike-Kaepernick situation. First of all, let me just say that I believe in freedom of expression and everyone's entitled to their own opinions. But seriously, Nike, what were you thinking?

I mean, you have this guy Kaepernick, who kneels during the national anthem as a form of protest, and you choose him as the face of your brand? Really? Are there no other athletes out there who represent bravery and sacrifice? I guess not, according to Nike.

Let me introduce you to Tom Burnett. Now this guy, he embodies true courage. On September 11th, 2001, he was on United Flight 93 when it got hijacked. Can you imagine being in that situation? Well, Tom was, and he didn't just sit there quietly.

He made a call to his wife, Deena, and told her what was happening. He shared with her the details of the hijacking, how a passenger had been knifed, and how the hijackers claimed to have a bomb. Can you imagine the fear and uncertainty he must have felt? But even in that moment, he didn't lose hope or give up.

Tom knew that they were planning to crash the plane, so he started organizing a plan with some other passengers to take back control. They were ready to fight for their lives, to prevent any more innocent people from dying. Can you imagine the bravery it takes to face death head-on like that?

And the last words he said to his wife before they disconnected? "Pray, Deena, just pray." Can you imagine the strength and faith it takes to think about praying in the face of imminent danger?

So yeah, Mike Rowe, I completely agree with you. If Nike wanted to celebrate someone who epitomizes bravery and sacrifice, they could have chosen Tom Burnett. His story is a reminder of the real heroes out there, the ones who put their lives on the line for others.

But no, Nike decided to go with Kaepernick, who, let's be honest, doesn't hold a candle to Tom Burnett. Kaepernick's kneeling during the national anthem is nothing compared to the sacrifices made by people like Tom.

So, to wrap it up, Nike made a huge mistake in my opinion. They disregarded the true heroes out there and chose someone purely for their controversial actions. It's disappointing, but hey, it's their choice. I'll just be over here, wearing my non-Nike shoes and supporting the real heroes.

Okay, rant over. Thanks for letting me get that off my chest. Feel free to share your thoughts on this whole Nike-Kaepernick debacle. Let's keep the conversation going!

Cheers,
[Your Reddit Username]
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I have a wild story to share. So, picture this - I'm just a little snot-nosed kid playing hide and seek in my house like any other day, when I stumble upon a mysterious little pill capsule under my dad's bed. Now, being the curious little bugger that I am, I decide to investigate further.

Let me tell you, I had no clue what cocaine was at the tender age of 9. All I knew was that it was some powdery substance, and I liked to put just about anything in my mouth. Yeah, I was that kind of kid. So without a second thought, I grab a pinch of this white powder goodness and pop it in my mouth.

Now, let me warn you, it tasted like absolute shit. But boy, oh boy, did it make me feel good! It was like a sugar rush on steroids, a thousand times more intense. And so, my friends, a secret addiction began. Every single day, I would crawl back under my dad's bed, stealing more and more of this magical powder that turned me into a little ball of euphoria.

This whole charade went on for months, until I eventually ran out of my secret stash. And let me tell you, life went to hell real quick. I became irritable as all hell, bringing chaos wherever I went. My dad, bless his heart, finally took me to counseling because he couldn't handle my erratic behavior anymore. But did I ever spill the beans about my little "sugar" secret? Hell no!

Fast forward to my glorious teenage years, and I finally mustered up the courage to try cocaine again. You know, knowingly this time. And holy smokes, guys, it was like a wave of nostalgic euphoria crashed over me. Picture meeting a long-lost friend after years apart, only to have them shower you with orgasms. Yeah, it was that mind-blowing.

But let me be real with you all. Cocaine is Satan's candy, my friends. That shit took me on a 13-year roller coaster ride of addiction, leaving a trail of lost friendships, jobless days, and a deep pit of mistrust from my family. It was one hell of a nightmare, let me tell ya.

But hey, here's where the story takes a turn for the better. After 13 long, grueling years, I managed to kick that devilish habit to the curb. How, you ask? Well, hold onto your hats because marijuana came to my rescue.

Yeah, you heard me right. Good ol' Mary Jane saved my sorry ass. Every damn time I felt that familiar craving for cocaine creeping up, I'd light up a joint of sativa and let the sweet smoke carry me away. It was like a temporary vacation from the depths of cocaine hell. And let me tell you, it made the process of getting clean somewhat bearable. Somewhat.

Now, I've only shared my story with a select few people, but dammit, I feel like a freakin' inspiration. If I can claw my way out of the clutches of addiction, so can all of you out there reading this. Trust me, it was the hardest damn thing I've ever done in my entire existence, but hey, I came out alive and kicking.

So, my fellow Redditors, I hope my tale of triumph and despair lights a fire under your asses. Get clean, people! I'm telling you, you won't regret it. I'm damn proud of myself every single day for overcoming this beast, and I promise, you'll feel the same way too. Now go out there and kick those demons in the nuts! You got this!
------
ugh, can we just talk about how Tyrion is screwing everything up? Seriously, this guy has made mistake after mistake and now he's just a useless advisor. I mean, come on, he doesn't have a clue about this whole "long night" thing. It's way out of his league.

And let's not forget about his love for his sister's kids. Gross, right? But yeah, he actually said he loved them. So now that Cersei knows he didn't kill Joffrey, it's like everything has come full circle. Like, what's this dude's game? Is he trying to get back in good graces with his family or something?

I can't help but think that Tyrion's screw-ups are intentional. I mean, seriously, who messes up that much by accident? Maybe he's trying to get rid of the competition. Jon Snow is kind of stealing his spotlight as the main advisor to Daenerys. And let's be real, Tyrion had built up a nice little empire for himself after he left King's Landing, but now it's all gone. Poof. Disappeared.

But here's the thing, Tyrion isn't the only one with some questionable motives. Varys, man, what's up with that guy? He's supposed to be on Team Daenerys, but he's been acting all shady lately. And remember when he heard something in the flames? What was that about? I bet he saw his own death or something. He looked pretty shocked. Maybe he knows something we don't.

And let's not even get started on Daenerys herself. Sure, she seems all noble and stuff, but she's not exactly easy to control. And that's a problem if you're someone like Tyrion or Varys who wants to manipulate things behind the scenes. They need someone they can rule through, you know? Someone they can control. Maybe they should've stuck with Cersei and her unborn child. At least then they could've had some power.

But hey, maybe all of this is just the writers messing with us. You know, throwing us off the scent like they did with that whole Jon vs Sansa political drama. But seriously, Tyrion's story arc is all over the place. I can't see him ending up as some hero or anything. It's just not fitting. Maybe George R.R. Martin's favorite character is finally going to give in to his inner demons. No happy endings for dwarves, right?

Who knows what's really going to happen. But one thing's for sure, Tyrion is in deep shit. And honestly, he deserves it.
------
Alright, dude, let me tell you a crazy story that really grinds my gears. So, picture this: I'm just casually scrolling through this subreddit, minding my own business, when I stumble upon your post. And man, reading what you wrote just really got to me. I mean, seriously, it's like we're living in a world where toxic feminism is thriving, especially in the college scene. And let me tell you, I've got a bunch of stories that prove it.

Let me start with this one incident that happened when I was in my third year of college. My best friend, let's call him Mike, was falsely accused of rape by some girl he rejected. Can you believe that? She tried to force him to sleep with her and cheat on his girlfriend, but when he turned her down, she cried rape. And guess what? Despite having absolutely zero evidence, the police decided to investigate Mike for over a freaking year! It was a nightmare for him. He lost so much weight and developed terrible anxiety because of the stress. No matter how many times he denied it, the police just couldn't accept that this girl was full of shit. They even started throwing out other claims against him, like he abused her, even though he didn't even touch her! It was insane. And you know what really grinds my gears? This girl played the victim card and got support from everyone. They concluded that she kept the charade going because she craved attention. Can you believe the audacity?

But wait, there's more! Let me tell you about another incident that happened after I graduated from undergrad. So, I founded this gaming club, right? And after I passed the torch to my successor, shit hit the fan. This dude, let's call him Jay, and his crazy girlfriend, who pretended to be the club president, started causing all sorts of trouble. Here's what went down. One of my friends, this super sweet and inclusive guy, noticed a female member feeling kind of left out, so he approached her to strike up a friendly conversation. They talked about anime and music and stuff. Harmless stuff, you know? But here's where it gets ridiculous. The girl totally misinterprets his intentions and immediately reports him to Jay, the new president. Now, initially, Jay probably would've let it slide, but then his girlfriend steps in, demanding that my friend be made an example of. She goes off on him, saying shit like guys like him are the type to kill girls who reject them. What the actual hell, right? And instead of defending my friend, Jay just nods along, like he has no backbone whatsoever. And get this, apparently the reason Jay didn't stand up for my friend is because if he did, his crazy girlfriend wouldn't sleep with him for a while! Can you believe that? I completely cut off ties with Jay after that. 

And you know what the worst part is? Because of this whole incident, we ended up losing over half of our club members. Yeah, that's right! They bounced because of this drama. And the ones who stayed had to deal with this girlfriend's ridiculous rules about what could and couldn't be said or done in the club. It was absolute madness. I felt obligated to keep the club going since I founded it, but eventually, I had to throw in the towel. It just didn't sit right with me, seeing what they did to my friend and what they were doing to my organization. And now, my once awesome gaming club is in the hands of a weak-willed president and his extreme feminist girlfriend, who apparently hates it when guys are decent human beings to girls.

Well, there you have it, my friend. Just a couple of tales that showcase how toxic feminism can rear its ugly head in the college scene. It's infuriating, it really is. But hey, at least we can vent about it here on this subreddit, right? Thanks for giving me the platform to let off some steam. Keep fighting the good fight, my dude.
------
Alright, listen up people because I've got something important to say. I don't know about you, but I've been doing some research and I've found some real evidence that circumcision is actually a good thing. Yeah, you heard me right.

Now, before you start yelling at me and telling me how wrong I am, just hear me out. I know there are a lot of websites out there that claim circumcision is bad and all that crap, but honestly, who even knows if those sites are legit? Most of the links they give don't even work, so how can we trust anything they say?

But guess what? I've got some links that actually show some good results. Yeah, that's right. Real evidence.

So let's take a look at what these links say. They claim that circumcision of males is like a freakin' vaccine against all sorts of infections and diseases. I'm talking about stuff like urinary tract infections, HIV, HPV, syphilis, and even penile and prostate cancer. And it's not just about protecting yourself, it also protects your sexual partners. How awesome is that?

And get this, ladies. If your man is circumcised, it actually reduces your risk of cervical cancer and chlamydia. Yeah, you heard me right. Circumcision is beneficial for everyone involved.

Now, I know some of you might be worried about the whole sexual function thing. Well, guess what? According to these links, adult male circumcision doesn't mess with your sexual function at all. In fact, it might even make things better. They say it increases penile sensitivity and makes it easier to reach orgasm. So, all you guys out there, circumcision might actually improve your sex life. How 'bout them apples?

And here's another thing. Did you know that if you don't get circumcised as a baby, there's a good chance you might need it later in life? Yeah, that's right. About 10% of uncircumcised guys end up needing circumcision at some point. So why not just get it done when you're a baby and avoid all the hassle?

I know some of you might be thinking that this is just some biased pro-circumcision propaganda. But really, think about it. If there was a vaccine that reduced the risk of all these infections and diseases by such a significant amount, we would be all over it. We would be promoting it like crazy. So why not give circumcision the same attention?

Look, I'm not saying everyone has to get circumcised. It's a personal choice, and I totally respect that. But what I am saying is that maybe we shouldn't dismiss circumcision so quickly. There's some real evidence out there that supports its benefits.

So let's stop arguing about whether circumcision is right or wrong. Let's focus on the bigger issues, the ones that have more solid evidence behind them. Because at the end of the day, there are a lot of other issues that need our attention.

But hey, that's just my two cents. Take it or leave it.
------
Alright, look here. I don't know what rock you've been living under, but it's time to come out and join the real world. Your whole argument about meat destroying your health is a load of bull. Like, seriously? Are you really going to blame meat for all your problems?

First of all, let's get one thing straight. It's not the meat that's the issue, it's the damn refined sugars that are causing all these health problems. You see, the sugar industry has been playing us like fools, trying to shift the blame onto fat. But guess what? Fat is not the enemy here. Sugar is.

And don't even get me started on this whole "meat is carcinogenic" nonsense. Yeah, processed meats might have some risks, but red meat itself? Give me a break. The actual risk involved is a measly 18% average per person. That's nothing! And guess what? Fish and poultry don't even have those risks. So go ahead and enjoy your grilled chicken without worrying about getting cancer.

Oh, and speaking of cancer, did you know that sunlight is also carcinogenic? Yep, that's right. But hey, we still need sunlight to get our dose of vitamin D, so should we stop going outside altogether? I don't think so.

Now let's talk about all these claims that eating meat destroys your health. Newsflash, buddy. Many of the longest-lived populations in history eat meat regularly. So tell me again how eating meat is going to send us all to an early grave? I'll wait.

The real problem here is over-consuming sugar and calories. It's as simple as that. So instead of blaming meat for all your health issues, why don't you take a long hard look at your sugar intake and maybe, just maybe, you'll find the real culprit.

Oh, and by the way, your little rant about cars and disposable plastics? Yeah, that's a whole other can of worms. We don't need to get rid of cars and plastic to survive. We just need to find more environmentally friendly alternatives. Like bicycles and trains, for example. It's not rocket science.

And listen up, pal. I haven't driven a car in over 10 years. I've been using reusable bags for my groceries for over 6 years. I don't use plastic straws, and I don't smoke. On top of that, I'm not obese, I don't overconsume sugar, and I avoid palm oil, almonds, tea, coffee, and soda. So don't you dare come at me with your holier-than-thou attitude, acting like you're saving the world by not eating a hamburger once in a blue moon.

The difference between you and me isn't that I eat meat and you don't. It's that I actually care about tackling the root causes of these issues, instead of just complaining about the symptoms. So before you go spewing your self-righteous nonsense, take a good hard look in the mirror and ask yourself who's really lying to themselves here.

Oh, and one more thing. I didn't even mention why I eat meat in my previous comment. So stop making assumptions and twisting my words to fit your own narrative. If anyone here is lying to themselves, it's definitely not me. It's you, my friend.

So next time you feel like throwing insults around and pretending like you know it all, maybe try engaging in an actual conversation instead. Just a thought.
------
Hey, what's up everyone? Just came across this post and I gotta say, what a load of crap. I mean seriously, did you even read the original comment before spewing out this nonsense? Let me break it down for you.

First off, the OP here is accusing someone of aligning them as a Nazi without actually calling them one. Now, I don't know about you, but to me, that just sounds like some petty semantics game. Who cares if they didn't explicitly use the word "Nazi"? The intent behind their words is what matters, and it's pretty damn clear what they were insinuating.

And let's talk about this whole fear instilling thing. Like, seriously? Are you really advocating for scaring the shit out of people just because you can't handle a little debate? That's just weak, man. It goes against the whole concept of free speech and opens the door for all kinds of oppressive behavior. But hey, who am I to judge? If you wanna go down that path, be my guest.

Oh, and let me not forget to mention the whole "sweet speaking" approach. Yeah, sure, that works all the time. Just go to a YouTube comment section or 4chan's pol and try being all kind and gentle. Good luck with that, buddy. I'll be waiting right here for your report on how well that worked out for you. Spoiler alert: it's gonna be a shitshow.

Now, let's address this idea that identity somehow makes your arguments more valid. Bullshit. Your experience might give you some insight into a specific topic, but it doesn't automatically make you right or better than anyone else. So please, spare us the whole "I'm Jewish, so listen to me" routine. It's just a cheap appeal to authority and it holds no weight here.

And don't even think about pulling the "I have no arguments" card. We can all see through that facade. You've been making arguments this whole time, whether you realize it or not. Don't play dumb, my friend.

And what's with the whole nazi paranoia thing? Are you seriously suggesting that there's some secret underground army of nazis ready to take over the world? Newsflash, buddy: they're not gaining popularity, they're just being called out more. So maybe take a step back from the conspiracy theories and face reality.

And yeah, let's ignore the threats, right? Because sending thoughts and prayers is gonna solve everything. Give me a break. Nobody's saying we should ignore potential dangers, but fear-mongering and living in constant paranoia is not the answer. We can't stop crazy people from being crazy, but attributing their actions to an entire group of people is just plain insane.

And lastly, if you think blocking someone is gonna shut down the conversation, then you're sorely mistaken. Cutting off someone who disagrees with you just shows your inability to handle differing opinions. It's a weak move, my friend. And let me clarify something, arguing for non-violence in society is not being a racist apologist. It's advocating for a basic level of respect and tolerance, which I think we can all agree is important.

So before you go spouting off ignorant accusations, maybe take a moment to reflect on your own beliefs and the messages you're putting out there. Because from where I'm standing, it's not a good look.
------
Man, let me tell you, this election was a total disaster. I mean, it was just so freaking obvious that both sides were up to no good. If you weren't brainwashed by all the polarizing politics, you'd see it too.

The media coverage was a joke, man. It was like Trump and Hillary were the only ones running. They had constant airtime while the other candidates were left in the dust. And don't even get me started on those debates. They always scheduled them against football games, making it impossible for anyone outside of die-hard Democrats to watch. It's like they didn't want any undecided or independent voters to have a fair chance to hear what Sanders had to say. And let me tell you, that guy got robbed by his own party. The DNC leaks and that whole Debbie Wasserman Schultz fiasco made it clear that the fix was in for Hillary. Sanders never stood a chance, and he knew it too. He barely even associates himself with those corrupted Dems.

Now, let's talk about Trump. That guy just destroyed everything in his path. I seriously couldn't believe what I was seeing half the time. From his "grab 'em by the pussy" comment to all the scandalous affairs with porn stars, it was just mind-blowing. And let's not forget when his wife basically plagiarized Michelle Obama's speech. I mean, come on! It was like Trump didn't even want to be president. He was just trying to mess things up as much as possible. But somehow, all the crazy stuff he did just made people love him more. It's insane!

You know what really gets me? How can anyone look back at all this and not see how messed up it all is? Seriously, I don't care if you're left or right, Democrat or Republican. All politicians are bloodsuckers, man. They thrive off the struggles of the middle class. Sanders was one of the few exceptions to that rule, but they cheated him out of a shot at the presidency. It's sickening.

And don't even get me started on the Democrats whining about Trump. I mean, seriously? How can you complain about the guy and still associate yourself with that messed-up party? The DNC is more responsible for Trump winning than the Republicans, if you ask me. They rigged the whole thing for a candidate who was proven to be unelectable. They thought that being against Trump was their only shot at victory, but they were dead wrong. It's on them, man.

Look, at the end of the day, it's all just a big shit show. It's been that way for a while, and it's still going on. Anyone who has any faith in the government needs a serious reality check. Trump may seem like an outsider, but he's been rubbing shoulders with the Clinton family and others for years. He's not even a true Republican. He just found a sweet spot where his celebrity status appealed to all these ignorant, poor folks. Sorry if that offends you, but it's the damn truth.

This whole political scene, man, it's all fake as hell. And most of you are still asleep, fully buying into all the puppet master's tricks. You think you're woke because you've been led down this path, but you're just comfortable in your blindness. It's pathetic, really. We're all being played, and it's time we open our damn eyes.
------
So, here's the deal guys. I just had the most ridiculous HR meeting ever and I can't help but share it with you all. But first, let me give you a little background.

You see, my college contacted me recently about this old teaching assistant (TA) I had. This guy was a total creep who kept hitting on me during the course and stopped helping me once he realized I wasn't interested. Apparently, he had been doing the same shit to someone else and they reported him. So, they reached out to me for a statement. Can you believe that? I mean, this guy had no shame!

But that's not even the worst part. Remember that married dude who tried to get with me when I was interning at another company? Well, he went crazy and started sending me angry and threatening texts. I think my Instagram post, where I tagged him, caused some serious trouble in his marriage. Now, I'm legit scared for my safety whenever I leave my apartment. I'm even considering reporting this to the police because it's gotten way out of hand.

Oh, and guess what? A few other people I tagged in that post reached out to me, whining about how I shouldn't have made private conversations public. Like seriously, guys? You tried to pull some shady stuff and now you're mad that I exposed it? Get outta here with that nonsense!

Now, let's talk about this morning's HR meeting. I was all ready to march in there, guns blazing, defending everything I had said and done with solid evidence from the company handbook. I was prepared to school them on how I didn't violate any social media policies because I never mentioned the company in my posts. I mean, come on, I'm not stupid!

I was also ready to argue that I followed the guidelines on reporting sexual harassment. I reported repeated harassment, but not isolated incidents that weren't extreme. The handbook specifically states that asking someone out once isn't considered harassment. So, I had my bases covered, or so I thought.

But here's the kicker. The meeting turned out to be way more chill than I expected. I mean, seriously, they couldn't even match my level of ferocity. What a disappointment!

First, they started asking about specific people I had posted screenshots of who actually work at the company. They were acting like those screenshots were the be-all and end-all of the situation, even though they made up less than a third of what I had. Ridiculous!

They started with Coworker 1, who I had previously reported to HR. Apparently, this genius thought that our "no contact" agreement went both ways and he had the audacity to bring it up. I reminded them that I never agreed to any such thing, written or verbal. Can you believe the nerve of some people?

Then, they moved on to Coworker 2, who got fired for unrelated reasons a while back. They asked if there had been any further conflict between us while he was still employed. Obviously, I said no. Why would I waste my energy on someone who's already been kicked to the curb?

Next, they asked about Coworker 3. Now, this guy took the cake. He sent me some seriously threatening texts filled with slurs about my sexuality. It was disgusting. I handed over printouts of those messages to HR and they immediately scurried off to show their manager. Good riddance, I say!

Finally, they get to Coworker 4, who had the audacity to call me a bitch for leaving him on read. Can you believe the entitlement?

After all these questions, HR asks if I have any further inquiries. Naturally, I want to know what their next steps are gonna be. You know what they said? They would have asked me to take down the posts for the sake of discretion, but I had already done it. Like, thanks for the suggestion, but a little late to the party, don't ya think?

They also mentioned that they would be meeting with Coworkers 1 and 4 separately. And get this, because of Coworker 3's threatening comments, they actually escorted him out of the building during our meeting. Fired on the spot! Apparently, this wasn't his first issue with his temper. Guess it was the final straw.

Oh, and HR had the audacity to ask me why I hadn't brought up Coworkers 2, 3, and 4 before. Seriously? I showed them the section in the company handbook about harassment, explaining that harassment is repeated unwanted behavior, not isolated incidents. I swear, these people need to brush up on their own rules.

So finally, HR suggests that I take a personal day for the rest of the day, just to be safe. They made it clear that I wasn't being dismissed or fired, but it was more of a precaution in case either of these idiots wanted to confront me personally. I told them, yeah, that's cool. I could use a break from all this drama.

And that's where I'm at right now, folks. Just enjoying my unplanned day off, wondering how the hell I ended up in this mess. Can't wait to see what happens next. Stay tuned for more updates!

TL;DR - Had an HR meeting that turned out to be more low-key than expected. Discussed the creeps I posted about, got one fired on the spot, and took a personal day to avoid any unnecessary drama. Gonna kick back and see what unfolds. Life's a rollercoaster, am I right?
------
Hey y'all, so I wanted to get your thoughts on this letter that I sent to the Straits Times forum. I don't understand why it got downvoted and why they didn't publish it. It's about my experience applying for a summer internship at Uber in San Francisco and how my idea got implemented in Singapore without giving me the opportunity to work there. When I look back now, I realize that my idea kind of messed with the whole meritocracy thing.

Okay, so here's what I think. With all these new ride-hailing apps like Tada, Filo, Ryde, and Gojek popping up after Uber left, us consumers are gonna start getting discounts and promotions as these companies compete for market share. But hey, let's not forget about the drivers who play a major role in capturing that market share in the taxi industry. So naturally, these ride-hailing companies are gonna offer driver incentives to attract more drivers. Like Uber used to give out incentives every week if you reached a certain number of trips.

So, picture this scenario: you gotta complete 49 trips in a week to get a $200 incentive. We'll focus on an area like Tampines, which is supposed to have a wait time of less than 10 minutes for a ride, according to Uber.

Now, imagine there's only one consumer waiting for a ride from Tampines to Clarke Quay, and there are only two drivers in Tampines. Driver A is closer to the consumer, but Driver B needs 20 more trips to reach the 49-trip goal for the incentive. There's only an hour left until the end of the week.

So, who do you think should get assigned the trip? Logically, it should be Driver A since they're closer to the consumer, right? But, here's the thing. The algorithm could be designed in a way that assigns the ride to the driver with fewer trips for the week. And because it fits into their 10-minute narrative, they can save on driver incentive costs by spreading out the total number of rides among all the drivers in the area.

Now, doesn't this go against the whole idea of meritocracy? Driver A has been putting in the hours and working hard, but the ride goes to Driver B just because they haven't reached their weekly trip goal yet.

So, with this opinion, I really hope that the government takes some initiative to prevent these companies from designing their algorithms in a way that messes with our concept of meritocracy. Maybe they could even restrict the use of such algorithms before drivers hit their incentives.

So, yeah, that's what I wanted to share. Let me know what you guys think about this whole situation.
------
Look, I gotta be real with you guys. I see a lot of people on here recommending UPS (uninterrupted power supply), but to be honest, they don't do much. Yeah, sure, they claim to save your unsaved data in case of a power outage, but let's get real here - that's not the only thing we need protection from.

Sure, some of you might say that I'm being subjective, but I'm just telling it like it is. You wanna know the real deal? Look at the numbers, people. How many joules does that UPS claim to "absorb"? Hundreds? Big deal. Destructive surges can be hundreds of thousands of joules, so really, what is that UPS even protecting us from?

Here's the thing: electronics are pretty darn good at handling power surges themselves. They have internal protection mechanisms in place to handle all that. So why do we need a UPS? Seriously, someone explain that to me. If the UPS is doing something useful, then give us the facts with numbers. Don't just recommend it because you heard others say it. That's just hearsay, my friends.

And let's talk about voltage. Yeah, it can drop pretty low sometimes, but you know what? Computers are fine with that. Even if the voltage drops to a level where incandescent bulbs dim to 40% intensity, computers will still work just fine. They'll just power off if the voltage gets too low, but no damage done.

Now, I get it. Motorized appliances like refrigerators might need some protection if the voltage drops too low. But guess what? The utility company cuts off the power if that happens. So, why do we need a UPS to protect our computers from low voltage? It's just unnecessary fear-mongering, if you ask me.

The truth is, UPSs are often recommended because of irrational fears that have been promoted by advertising. They serve one purpose - to give us temporary power so we can save our precious unsaved data and avoid annoying reboots. That's it.

And don't even get me started on all these maintenance issues people talk about. Apparently, we need to constantly replace thermal compound and all that jazz. Well, let me tell you something - thermal paste never needs replacing unless you take out the CPU. So why are people spreading this hearsay about constant maintenance?

And while we're at it, let's talk about laptops vs. "custom built" desktops. Laptops are actually more reliable, believe it or not. And they even come with the best UPS inside! Desktops are only necessary when you need more performance, but for everyday use, laptops are the way to go.

Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not saying that all appliances are invincible. Some of them might need protection. Dishwashers, clocks, furnaces, LED and CFL bulbs, refrigerators, GFCIs, washing machines, doorbells, central air systems, clock radios, smoke detectors - they could all potentially be at risk. But here's the thing - there are solutions out there to protect them. Ever heard of a "whole house" protector? Yeah, that's the real deal. Informed consumers spend a little extra to properly earth their whole house and protect all their appliances. Even a UPS needs to be protected by this solution, guys.

So, unless you have unsaved data that absolutely cannot be lost, a UPS is basically useless. Plus, they typically need to be replaced after three years. Now, let's talk about the real need here - the "whole house" solution. How necessary is it? Well, you'll need to conduct a neighborhood survey for over ten years to determine the risk. That's the kind of protection we should be focusing on.

So, my recommendation to all of you out there is this: if someone recommends a UPS, ask them why and demand some solid specification numbers. Otherwise, just assume it's all wild speculation or a popular fable. Don't fall for the hype, my friends. Stay informed and make smart choices. That's what really matters.
------
Alright, let's get one thing straight here. This whole Novichok thing is just a load of baloney. I mean, seriously, who actually believes this crap? It's like they expect us to swallow this story without questioning anything. Well, guess what, I'm not buying it.

First of all, this whole Novichok stuff allegedly comes from Russia, right? Well, that claim has been torn to shreds so many times that it's not even funny anymore. Boris Johnson, that clown of a politician, made some statement saying it came from Russia, but surprise surprise, he couldn't actually back it up with any evidence. Typical.

And don't even get me started on Theresa May and her "highly likely" nonsense. She says Russia either attacked the Skripals themselves or lost control of their Novichok. Really? You expect me to believe that Russia would wait for Skripal to enter foreign soil before assassinating him? Give me a break. If they wanted him dead, they could've done it ages ago and no one would've bat an eye. It just doesn't make any sense.

Oh, and let's talk about Yulia Skripal, shall we? She supposedly survived this deadly nerve agent attack, yet she wants to go back to Russia? Are you kidding me? If I were her, I wouldn't be caught dead going anywhere near the people who supposedly tried to assassinate me. Either she's a suicidal imbecile or this whole case is just not what it seems.

And what exactly is the motive here? Why would Russia go through all this trouble just to take out some ex-spy? I mean, come on, there are plenty of other ways to eliminate someone if you really wanted to. It just doesn't add up. And let's not forget those two mysterious men who entered the UK with Russian pseudonyms (fake identities, in case you didn't know) and then quickly left again. Is that all they have? Some shady dudes with fake names? That's their amazing investigation? Please, give me a break.

Honestly, this whole thing reeks of false flagging and propaganda. The UK government is desperate to pin the blame on Russia without any solid evidence. They're just trying to stir up anti-Russian sentiment and distract us from the real issues at hand. Well, sorry, but I'm not falling for their little game. I'm not buying into their narrative without any concrete proof.

So, until they come up with some actual evidence, I'm calling BS on this whole Novichok saga. It's just another ploy to further their own agenda. Wake up, people, and start questioning the official story. Don't let them fool you with their smoke and mirrors. It's time to see through their lies and demand the truth.
------
hey guys, let me just jump in here and give my two cents on this topic. First of all, I totally agree with the point about flexible work. It's about time the government starts implementing some changes to improve work-life balance. But you know what really grinds my gears? It's when people complain about it but then turn around and criticize any attempts to actually make it happen. Like seriously, make up your mind!

And let's talk about social security versus lower taxes. Look, I get it, nobody wants to pay more taxes. But come on, the CPF is not a tax! It's your own damn money that you're using for your own future security. So when you're old and retired, don't come crying to me about how you can't afford to live because you didn't contribute enough to your CPF. Take some responsibility for yourself, people!

Now let's get to the topic of freedom of speech. Personally, I think there should be some restrictions on it. I mean, we can't just let people go around spreading hate speech and discrimination, right? But at the same time, we need to have open debates and discussions about what those restrictions should be. We can't just leave it up to the government to decide everything for us. We need to be actively involved in shaping our own society.

And speaking of debates, let's talk about the LGBT community. Look, I support their rights and their freedom to express themselves. But let's be real here, we live in a country where religion plays a big role. And unfortunately, a lot of religious folks are not too keen on accepting the LGBT community. It's a delicate balance, and we have to be careful not to rock the boat too much.

That's why the government is hesitant to repeal certain laws, even though they might seem outdated and stupid. They're trying to keep everyone happy, or at least not too pissed off. It's a "don't ask, don't tell" kind of situation. And hey, it's progress, even if it's not as fast as we would like.

Now let's get back to the point about people feeling exhausted and mentally troubled. I totally agree with this. There are so many factors contributing to this, from the constant barrage of bad news to the pressures of the global economy. But what really annoys me is how people just pick a side and refuse to see the other perspective.

It's like they're stuck in their little bubble, demonizing anyone who doesn't agree with them. Can we just take a step back and try to understand each other? It might actually lead to some productive discussions instead of the constant bickering and name-calling.

So there you have it, my thoughts on this whole mess. I hope I didn't offend anyone too much with my blunt language, but hey, sometimes you just gotta say it like it is. Let's all try to be a little more open-minded and understanding, okay? Peace out.
------
Hey, what's up fellow Redditors? I just stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, some of you people really need a reality check. I mean, come on! Are we seriously gonna sit here and pretend like Tesla is some kind of amazing success story? Give me a break!

Sure, they made some crazy revenue, but let's not forget that they've been bleeding money for years. How can a company be worth billions when it can't even turn a profit? Seriously, I could find a damn penny on the street and make more money than Tesla has in the last decade and a half. So, forgive me if I'm not jumping on the Tesla bandwagon.

And don't even get me started on Elon Musk. Yeah, he did some cool things, but let's not act like he's the second coming of Jesus or something. People love to throw around words like "revolutionary" when talking about him, but honestly, he's just taking advantage of government handouts. I mean, look at SpaceX and all his other projects. They're all funded by taxpayers' money. It's basically legal robbery.

And to those of you defending Musk's credentials, give me a break. Just because he packs shipments and designs rockets doesn't mean he's a genius. Jeff Bezos knows how to manage a company and delegate tasks to people who actually know what they're doing. Unlike Musk, who thinks he's some kind of magical rocket wizard or something. It's a joke.

Oh, and for all you Musk fanboys out there, don't come at me with the "you're just jealous" argument. Trust me, I have no desire to be a billionaire like him. I'd much rather make money and actually be profitable, unlike Tesla. So spare me the superiority complex.

And to the person who said I need to start my own billion-dollar company, please. Like anyone can just snap their fingers and become a billionaire. News flash, buddy: most of us are just regular folks who haven't been able to accomplish anything significant. But that doesn't mean we have to worship someone like Musk to feel better about ourselves. We can call out bullshit when we see it.

So, in conclusion, Tesla and Musk are not the holy grail of success. Let's stop pretending like they are. Profitability and sustainability are what matter in the real world, not just hype and overpriced projections. Don't fall into the cult-like following of these so-called visionaries. Stay woke, my friends.
------
Yo, what's up everyone? Just had to throw my two cents in about this whole Ariel Helwani and Ali Abdelaziz drama. I've been reading a bunch of stuff from Karim Zidan and Mike Russell, and it got me thinking, man. Ariel and Ali seem to have some kind of connection, you know what I'm saying?

First of all, let's talk numbers. Ali has the biggest roster of fighters in the UFC. That means he's got access to all kinds of content and information. And Ariel, well, he's always been known for pushing people's buttons in interviews. He goes all in on Dana White, who's like a ticking time bomb waiting to explode. So why the hell didn't he dig deep on Ali?

I mean, don't get me wrong, Ali recently called Ariel the "Jerry Springer of MMA," and Ariel fired back with an "oh, this is rich." But seriously, if Ariel can go hard on Dana, why not on Ali? Is he scared of being black-listed from fighters managed by Ali? Come on, man, Dana can do way more damage than that. Remember when he banned Ariel from events and refused future interviews? That's some serious shit.

Oh, and let's not forget the whole witch hunt that Dana went on in the UFC, leaking false information left and right to find the source. But here's the kicker, maybe Ali had that info all along, either first or second hand. Who knows, man? I found a source for that leak, you can check it out if you want (insert link here). It's a wild theory, but it could be true.

And then there's Mike Russell, who retweeted something that caught my attention. He said, "it's wild how when Ariel brought up Ali's past in passing, he didn't press him on any of the issues. So annoying." I mean, come on, dude, if there's controversial stuff in Ali's history, why not bring it up? Why not dig deeper? It's like Ariel just brushed it off like it was nothing.

So here's what I'm thinking. If Ali really was a source, even just sometimes, for Ariel's scoops, is Ariel gonna lose that edge? You know, he used to be like the Nostradamus of MMA, predicting things before they happened, and then boom, they'd come true. But now, with this whole drama, I'm starting to question if he can still pull that off. Will he still have the inside scoop?

Anyway, as a sidenote, if you got some time, go read some articles from Karim Zidan and Mike Russell. These guys are doing some tough work and getting a lot of flack for it, especially Mike. Check out his Twitter, you'll see what I mean. Their content goes beyond just Ali, but man, it's intriguing as hell.

So there you have it, my little rant about Ariel, Ali, and the whole MMA drama. Take it or leave it, but damn, it's got me thinking. What's your take on all this? Let's get a discussion going, folks!

[Insert links to Karim Zidan and Mike Russell's work here]

[Insert links to sources mentioned here]
------
Hey everyone, I really need to vent and get some advice on this situation I'm in. So, I recently started dating this guy and things have been going pretty well...or so I thought. We have amazing chemistry and we genuinely enjoy each other's company. But here's the catch - he's incredibly emotionally unstable and unpredictable. 

Let me give you an example of what I'm dealing with. Yesterday, we had plans to go to a concert together. It was going to be my first ever concert and I was super excited about it. The tickets cost me almost $400! But guess what? I only received one message from him that day saying that he didn't want to be in my life anymore. I was devastated and tried to contact him all day, but got no response. Then, out of the blue, he calls me at 1am and tells me his dog died and he had some issues with his mom. Seriously? 

I tried to be understanding and supportive, but then he got upset because he felt like I was blaming him for everything. Excuse me? I was the one who ended up getting kicked out of my house because we didn't go to the concert and had nowhere else to stay. The least he could do is communicate with me. Is that too much to ask?

This kind of behavior has been happening repeatedly, like almost 10 times in the past few weeks. We'll make plans and suddenly he just disappears without a trace. I'm left waiting around for him all day, feeling completely ignored. And when I try to talk to him about it, he gets all defensive and snaps at me. 

I get that he's going through a rough time, but come on, I'm trying to be there for him. Is it too much to ask for him to at least message me if something comes up? I'm tired of waiting around for hours on end, worrying about his well-being. These are definitely some big red flags, right?

It's not just the lack of communication that's bothering me, though. This morning, he finally messaged me after ignoring me for more than 12 hours. And you know what his excuse was? He was tired and high. Are you freaking kidding me? He thinks I'm just sleep deprived and making a big deal out of nothing. 

But here's the thing, all I wanted was one simple message from him. I don't expect him to be on his phone 24/7 or come to my side of the city every day. I've actually gone to his place most of the time. But even with that, he still couldn't find it in himself to send me a quick text. Am I asking for too much?

I just don't know what to think anymore. Am I being irrational for being so worried about him and our relationship? It feels like he's constantly pushing me away, and yet somehow I end up blaming myself. It's like I have to beg him just to call me when he knows I need him. This whole situation is messing with my head and my emotions.

So, fellow Redditors, I need your help. Are my feelings justified? What should I do in this situation? How can I possibly help him if he won't let me? I don't want to walk away from someone I care about, but I also want to protect my own sanity. Any advice or thoughts would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for listening to my rant.
------
Alright, here goes nothing:

> why did you ignore the one comment that actually answered your smug retort?

Oh, come on now, why are you making such a big fuss about it? Look, I'll lay it out for you in simple terms. Sometimes, I get bombarded with a ton of messages on here. And let me tell you, I have some pretty strong opinions that tend to ruffle feathers. It's just who I am, and I don't shy away from it. So naturally, people tend to flood my inbox with all sorts of emotional responses. 

Now, I do try my best to read and reply to every message, but guess what? I'm not some Reddit employee, getting paid to entertain your every whim. I'm just a regular person who comes on here to blow off some steam and engage in some lively discussions. So yeah, sometimes I drop the ball and miss a message that I should have seen. It happens.

Plus, let me tell you, yesterday was a wild ride. I made a bunch of comments across various subs that got people all worked up. It was like a damn tsunami of hate mail flooding my inbox. I mean, at one point, I swear I hit triple digits in unread messages. And on top of that, I was high as a kite, not in the mood to deal with all the negativity. So yeah, I simply ignored a massive chunk of them. Sue me.

Look, I get it. You put effort into your reply and you're upset that I didn't acknowledge it. But hey, maybe someone else read it and found it interesting. Maybe in an alternate universe where I actually gave a damn, we could have had a mind-blowing conversation where we both learned something new. Unfortunately, fate had other plans for us. As they say, shit happens.

> weird overs-implied history of banking in the US.

Oh boy, where do I even begin with this one? You've got some of the facts right, I'll give you that. But here's the thing, you seem to be missing the bigger picture and completely misunderstanding the significance of it all. And while we're at it, let me clarify something for you - there's a difference between fiat currency, fractional reserve banking, and centralized banking. Three distinct concepts, my friend.

I hate to break it to you, but did you learn all this from a cartoon? I mean, it's cool if you did because cartoons can be a fun way to get a basic understanding of things. But let me tell you, watching a cartoon doesn't make you an expert. It barely scratches the surface of a topic, unless you're watching some accurate documentary-style stuff.

If you're genuinely interested in digging deeper into the fascinating history of the United States Federal Reserve, I suggest you start with the good ol' Wikipedia article. It may not be as flashy as a cartoon, but it'll give you a more comprehensive understanding. Trust me, it's worth the read if you want to be taken seriously around here. And for the love of whatever you believe in, please drop the "illuminati" nonsense. It's cringeworthy and kills any credibility you might have had.

By the way, just to show you how much I really don't care about your rant, I'm downvoting my own comment. Yep, that's right. I hope seeing that negative number next to my name brings a smile to your face. Consider it my little gift to you, my disgruntled friend.

Alright, I think that's enough for now. I hope you appreciate my sincere efforts in being the informal and impolite Reddit user you asked for. But hey, remember, there's a real human being behind this screen. So next time, maybe try being a little less confrontational, huh? Have a great day! Or don't, I honestly couldn't care less.
------
So, I guess you want to hear my crazy story. Buckle up, because it's a wild ride.

Alright, so picture this: I'm in this messed up relationship, right? This guy is a total psycho. He's harassing me, making threats, and even being violent. It was getting way out of control, to the point where I needed some serious help.

Naturally, I turn to a lawyer for advice. And let me tell you, this lawyer had some absolute gems of wisdom to share. Apparently, getting a restraining order was a big no-no in my case. Can you believe that? Supposedly, if I were to serve this lunatic with a restraining order, it would just make him even more batshit crazy and increase the chances of a murder-suicide. Like, come on, really?

Anyway, I take this advice (which, by the way, sounds like something straight out of a horror movie) and decide to gather evidence instead. I start compiling all the crazy shit he's been doing, you know, just in case I end up six feet under. I share this evidence with my family through the cloud, keeping it up-to-date so they can go to the police if something were to happen to me. It's like I'm living in a freaking spy movie or something.

But that's not all. My parents kick my boyfriend out and change the locks. Good riddance, right? But I'm not taking any chances. Oh no, not me. I find a neighbor who needs a house sitter and I hightail it out of there, without even bothering to inform my psycho ex. Can you blame me, though? The dude's off his rocker.

I hoard basic supplies, like money, road maps (because who knows where I might have to escape to), clothes, and a toothbrush. Just your typical essential items for fleeing from a deranged individual. And get this, I keep my car at my parents' place so that my ex doesn't find out where I'm staying. Genius move, if you ask me. It's close enough that I can grab it and make a quick getaway if need be.

Eventually, I decide I've had enough of this crap and move out of the state. And you know what? I don't bother telling anyone except my family where I've gone. Paranoid much? Damn right I am. I don't want friends accidentally spilling the beans and having my ex show up at my door like some horror movie villain. No thank you.

But wait, there's more! A year later, I take things up a notch and move out of the country entirely. That's right, I leave the whole damn continent behind. It's like starting over fresh, far away from the clutches of my psycho ex. Can't say I miss that place or the memories it holds.

Now, throughout this whole ordeal, I'm constantly worried about the safety of my family. I mean, this guy is so unhinged that I fully believe he'd harm them just to get back at me. So, what do I do? I play it smart. I stay in contact with him via phone (yeah, I know, it sounds insane). We talk for an hour or so every week or two. And get this, I let him vent his crazy grievances while pretending to sympathize. Manipulative? Maybe. Necessary? Definitely.

I make damn sure never to complain or show anger during these calls. Can't risk pissing him off, you know? I tell him I need time to heal and that I'll be ready to see him again in about six months. But guess what? I keep extending that timeline, month after month, until it becomes clear that I have zero intentions of ever laying eyes on his deranged face again.

As time goes on, he starts to soften. From raging lunatic to sad puppy, if you will. We talk less and less until we're strictly emailing each other. And get this, the guy starts dating other people. I date too, and guess what? I meet amazing guys who treat me a billion times better than he ever did. But hell if I'm going to let him know that. Let him live in blissful ignorance while I enjoy my new, drama-free life.

At this point, my main concern isn't my family's safety anymore. Nah, they're safe and sound. But I'm still wary of running into my ex, fearing it might trigger him again. So I take extreme measures. I never tell anyone who knew him whenever I'm back in town. Yup, you heard it right. I basically cut ties with all my old friends from my hometown. Sacrifices had to be made, my friend.

And let me tell you, all that effort pays off. You know why? Because this maniac falls head over heels for some other poor woman. But here's the kicker: he attacks one of her family members. Boom, that's game over for him. Now he's sitting in prison, hopefully for a long, long time. Meanwhile, I'm living my best life, free from all that insanity.

I've completely cut off contact with him. He doesn't even know where I live now. Sure, he tries to send me letters, but my parents have decided to do me a solid and not forward them. And as for the prison's email contact program? Hell no, I'm giving that a hard pass. I don't need that psycho anywhere near my inbox.

Alright, so that's my story. Pretty messed up, huh? But hey, here I am, living life on my terms, far away from the clutches of that deranged ex-boyfriend. If I've learned anything from this, it's that sometimes you've gotta take drastic measures to protect yourself. And trust me, it's totally worth it.
------
Alright, so I just had the most infuriating experience with immigration in Singapore. Let me start by saying that I've lived here my whole life, except for when I went abroad for college. Every time I come back to visit my family, I have to go through the immigration process, which is usually a pain but manageable. 

But this time, oh boy, it was a whole new level of awful. As soon as I approached the immigration officer, I could tell she was in a bad mood. I mean, come on, it's 2am and we're all tired, but this lady seemed like she hated her job or maybe she just hated everyone. Anyway, she started asking me the usual questions, but every time I didn't hear her properly or couldn't understand what she was saying, she would raise her voice at me. Like, excuse me? I'm just trying to cooperate here.

So, imagine my surprise when I took out my phone to check the time and it made that *click* sound. You know, the sound that iPhones make when you turn them off? Well, apparently, she thought I was taking a photo of her. I swear I wasn't! But she got all worked up and demanded that I delete the non-existent photo. I even showed her my photo app to prove that there was nothing there, but she just grabbed my phone and started going through it herself. Talk about invasion of privacy!

From that moment on, she became even more hostile and started asking me all sorts of accusing questions. She noticed that I had just been in Singapore the previous week and demanded to know why I was back so soon. Um, how about because my family lives here? Is that not a good enough reason for you? I even had a return ticket to show that I was going back to school. But no, she didn't care. Instead, she told me I needed to go to the office for a secondary inspection. Detained. Great.

Of course, being the helpful person that she is, she provided zero guidance on where to go or what to do. So, I asked her if I should follow her, and she snapped back with "how else are you supposed to get there if you don't follow me?" Excuse me for asking a simple question, lady.

As if that wasn't enough, she decided to publicly embarrass me by yelling out to everyone in line at immigration, "if you go traveling, don't throw tantrums!" Really? Did she seriously think I took a photo of her just to shame her on social media? What a delusional and self-centered person she must be.

Finally, she took me to another counter where I was greeted by a male agent who gave me a death stare. God, I thought he was going to accuse me of some serious crime or something. But all he did was tell me to stop tapping my fingers on the counter. Yeah, because that's definitely a threat to national security.

Thankfully, the actual agents who conducted my secondary inspection were much more professional and polite. They asked me some questions and then requested my mom's employment pass details and phone number so they could confirm my answers. Fair enough, I guess. They took me to a waiting room while they called my mom, and eventually, they came back and told me I was free to go with a 30-day pass. I couldn't help but ask if I was in trouble, and they assured me that it was just "normal immigration protocol." Yeah, right.

After going through all of that, I can't help but feel dehumanized. I used to consider Singapore my home, but now it feels like I don't even belong here. And guess what? I'm Filipino, which apparently is a red flag in their eyes. How ridiculous is that? Just because of my nationality, I have to go through this humiliating experience every time I visit.

And now I'm worried. Will I be marked as a suspicious person whenever I come back? Could that awful immigration officer have labeled me as "difficult" or "insubordinate"? I don't want to go through this nightmare all over again. It's scary to think that I might have a black mark on my record just because I had the misfortune of encountering a power-hungry officer who decided to abuse her authority.

Despite all of this, I still plan on visiting my family in the future. Unfortunately, the thought of dealing with immigration again makes me anxious. Will they target me every single time? Will I be subjected to unnecessary scrutiny and humiliation? I just hope this terrible experience was a one-time thing and that things will be smoother next time.

In the end, all I can do is hope for the best and be prepared for the worst. I refuse to let a single rude and unreasonable immigration officer ruin my relationship with my family and my love for Singapore. I'll keep coming back, no matter what. But damn, I really hope they get their act together and treat people with a little more respect and dignity.
------
Hey, fellow vapers!

I just wanted to drop in and give you all the lowdown on some changes happening with Juicedb. Now, before I get into it, let me just say that things have been pretty damn stagnant around here lately. We've been going through the motions day in and day out, with no real progress or direction. Our developer, who actually owns the site (not me, by the way), decided to move on to greener pastures.

But here's where things get interesting. We were approached by a couple of interested parties, and by "we," I mean the owner. He made the executive decision to sell to the parent company that also owns hometown hero e-liquid. Now, I gotta be honest with you, I had my reservations about this whole thing, but hey, money is money, am I right?

So, yeah, Juicedb is now owned by someone who has ties to an e-liquid company. But here's where I stand on it: I'm still gonna uphold the values of the site, just like I always have. No specific company has immunity in my eyes. And from what I've gathered in my conversations with the new owners, they fully support that mindset.

Now, I bet there are some burning questions in your minds. So, let me try to address a few of them right off the bat:

First up, some of you might be thinking that having an e-liquid company associated with the site will totally taint it. Well, let me tell you, the new owners are all about preserving what we've built. They don't want to mess with our credibility or change the rankings. They're keeping the two companies separate. So, don't worry, our rules haven't changed, and we'll still be enforcing them just as we always have.

Next, you might be wondering what the hell the new owners' goal is. Well, it's pretty simple, really. They want Juicedb to be the go-to place for vaping reviews, without all the scummy baggage that comes with a site like Yelp. They want us to be known throughout the entire vaping community. And you know what? That's exactly what we've been hoping for all along. The difference is, they actually have the money and time to make it happen.

So, what are their plans for Juicedb, you ask? Well, first off, they want to kickstart the momentum again with some much-needed development. There are gonna be more updates and changes happening more frequently. They're even planning on adding hardware reviews into the mix. Plus, they're implementing a badge or achievement system to encourage participation. We've talked about that in the past, so it's cool to see it finally coming to fruition. Oh, and get this: there are talks of more giveaways for general participation on the site. You know, like we've done in the past. They're also looking to broaden our reach within the industry, collaborating with some major e-liquid sites and getting our name out there in brick-and-mortar stores.

Now, I know some of you are probably wondering if we're gonna be bombarded with ads now. Look, I'm not gonna lie, they do want the site to pay for itself. And I've actually been advocating for ads for a while now. Sometimes you just gotta accept the necessary evil, you know? So, yes, there will be sponsored ads. But don't worry, they won't mess with the lists or rankings. You'll be able to spot 'em easily, as they'll replace the recommended juices section on the front page and be clearly marked as sponsored products. They'll even have pictures of the products, so you can't miss 'em.

Now, I gotta address something that I know is on some of your minds. You might be thinking, "So, you're basically a paid shill now, right?" Hell no! I am not being paid, my friends. The way I do things and enforce the rules hasn't changed one bit.

Oh, and just to clear something up, I am NOT Juicedb. I've kinda become the face of Juicedb over the years, taking care of business here on Reddit. But let me remind you, I didn't create the site, and I don't own any stake in it. I've just volunteered a shitload of my time to support something I believed in. Something that needed help when I joined.

Now, some of you might be thinking, "Ah, so now you're gonna review all their juices highly, right?" Well, hold your damn horses. In the interest of full disclosure, I have reviewed Hometown Hero juices before. Some of 'em were even sent to us for review. Same goes for other businesses in the past. But here's the thing: I've since removed any reviews of juices that I know they're affiliated with. I stand by my reviews, but it just feels kinda sketchy, ya know?

So, where do I stand on all this? Well, let me tell ya, I'm an extremely cynical person. But putting my cynicism aside, I'd like to think that these new owners wouldn't invest their time and money into burning down what we've built just to push their own agenda. And right now, I don't have any reason to believe otherwise. I'm cautiously optimistic, my friends.

So, how's it been going so far, you ask? Well, it's been decent. Don't get me wrong, there were some rocky days at the beginning, with a lack of communication and some misunderstandings. But I think we're in a better place now. We've developed a system of effective communication, and after over a month, things are starting to click. We've got ambitious ideas, and with their resources and our experience, I think we can collaborate pretty damn well to improve the site.

Now, you might be wondering what my goal is through all this. It's simple, really. I wanna keep things true to our values and mission. I've always had high hopes for Juicedb, and I'd love to see some of those hopes become a reality. But let me make one thing clear: I ain't sticking around if our rules or legitimacy are sacrificed for the sake of money. So, fingers crossed that doesn't happen.

Oh, and speaking of helping out, if you wanna lend a hand, shoot me a PM. We could use some moderators, and while it ain't a paid gig, we could definitely use the extra support.

If you need to email me, hit me up at <email> or send me a message here. I just wanted to keep it real with you all. If shit hits the fan or the site starts going downhill, I won't stick around. But for now, I'm genuinely curious to see where this whole thing goes. This subreddit, y'all, it's been our home for a long damn time. I personally appreciate all the support we've received over the years, and I hope it continues.

Look, I ain't gonna force my opinions on you. You're entitled to your own thoughts on this whole situation. If you have more questions, fire away, and I'll do my best to answer 'em. I'll even take any feedback you have back to the new owners. If you see something you don't like or you wanna see changes, let me know. And hey, if there are features you wanna see added or removed, speak up. I wanna hear it all.

That's all for now, folks. Keep on vapin' and stay cool.

Cheers!

[Your username]
------
Hey guys, I just gotta say this whole Kavanaugh thing is a total shitshow. Like seriously, it's a damn circus. I mean, are we really surprised though? It's politics after all, and politicians are notorious for their dirty tactics.

First off, let's talk about Feinstein. That sneaky old lady was holding onto that letter for six whole weeks! I mean, come on, that's just low. If you're gonna accuse someone of something as serious as sexual misconduct, at least have the decency to bring it up when it actually matters.

And what about the FBI? Six background checks and not a single hint of sexual misconduct? That just makes you question their competence, doesn't it? I mean, either Kavanaugh is really good at covering his tracks, or someone messed up big time.

But here's the thing that bugs me the most. All this drama over Kavanaugh's personal life is overshadowing some really important issues. Like his stance on mass surveillance and rendition, for example. That shit is troubling, my friends. We're talking about our privacy being invaded and our rights being trampled on. And yet, here we are, debating whether he did some stupid thing in high school or not.

And let's not forget how little corroboration there is for Ford's allegations. I mean, seriously, can we really ruin a man's life based on one person's word? I get that we should take these things seriously, but there has to be some evidence, right? Otherwise, we're just setting a dangerous precedent.

Oh, and speaking of dangerous precedents, let's talk about the balance of the Supreme Court. Look, I don't care if you're left or right, having an unbalanced court is never a good thing. We need justices who can approach cases objectively and fairly, not just push their own agendas.

But hey, let's not forget about Kavanaugh's testimony. The guy was evasive as hell when it came to his drinking habits. I mean, I get it, we've all made dumb decisions in college, but at least own up to it. Don't try to dodge the questions like a slimy politician.

And don't even get me started on Ford's testimony. I'm not saying she's lying, but there were definitely some questionable aspects to her story. It's hard to fully believe someone when their memory seems all fuzzy and inconsistent.

Now, let's talk real talk here. Do any of us truly believe that Roe v. Wade will ever be overturned? No freaking way. And the Patriot Act? Yeah, that thing is here to stay, just maybe with a fancy new name. Our government loves its power, especially when it comes to spying on its own citizens.

And can we just take a moment to appreciate the irony? The left was praising George W. Bush recently, and now they're using Kavanaugh's role in his administration against him. Talk about political flip-flopping. But does any of that really matter when it comes to Kavanaugh's views on important issues? Nah, not really.

I could go on and on about the talking points the media keeps throwing at us, but it's all just noise. It doesn't change the fact that our intelligence agencies don't give a damn about our privacy or the laws in place to protect us. And did anyone bother to ask Kavanaugh about his views and role during the Bush administration? I don't know, I haven't seen anyone talking about it.

But here's the thing that keeps me up at night. Are we entering an era where our privacy and technology are even more disturbing than ever before? You bet your sweet ass we are. And do you really think the Supreme Court is gonna protect us from those power-hungry agencies? Doubtful. In fact, they might just make decisions that further degrade our privacy while giving more power to those agencies.

Let's face it, both Democrats and Republicans are spineless when it comes to standing up against mass surveillance. Like, seriously, do you really think Fox News, CNN, or MSNBC would ever bring Kavanaugh on to talk about his role in the Bush administration if he doesn't get confirmed? Hell no! They just care about their own agendas and ratings.

But here's a wild thought. What if Kavanaugh doesn't get confirmed and he becomes bitter about it? Do you think he would spill the beans on the Patriot Act and everything he knows about it? Maybe he'll join the alternative media and actually tell us the truth. Now wouldn't that be something?

Look, at the end of the day, I won't be heartbroken if Kavanaugh doesn't get confirmed. I think both he and Ford have been treated like crap throughout this whole ordeal. But you know what? I'm just gonna stick to being true to myself. Yeah, call me a conspiracy theorist if you want, but I don't trust our government for shit. Our privacy is being invaded, and it's getting damn dangerous.

Kavanaugh may be qualified and all, but his history with surveillance and invasion of privacy is a deal-breaker for me. I just can't get past it. So yeah, he might not have committed the act he's accused of, but does that change anything? Not really.

So there you have it, folks. My 600-word rant on the Kavanaugh shitshow. Take it or leave it, but just remember, trust no one and always question everything. Peace out.
------
Hey guys, so I stumbled upon this subreddit and thought I'd chime in with my two cents. Now, I gotta be honest here, I'm not sure how helpful my advice is gonna be, but hey, let's chat about our problems anyways because misery loves company, amirite?

For me, the key to dealing with social challenges has been finding a crew of socially competent peeps to hang out with. You know, people who actually know what they're doing and can teach me a thing or two. It's all about immersion, baby! I mean, it doesn't even matter if they understand my struggles or not, as long as they're kind, patient, and willing to tolerate my awkwardness. I'll just absorb their social skills like a sponge, and boom, problem solved.

Oh, and let's not forget about patience and positivity. Instead of beating yourself up for being a social disaster, pat yourself on the back for at least trying. We're all a work in progress, folks. So what if you're a bit behind? Embrace the fact that you still have a lot to learn and use it as motivation to keep pushing forward.

Now, personally, anxiety and depression have been my two best buddies in this journey. They tag-team to make me feel worthless and keep me cooped up at home. It's a vicious cycle, I tell ya. And believe it or not, meditation and living a healthy lifestyle are supposed to be the magic solutions to all our problems. But hey, it's easier said than done when you're a ball of anxiety and sadness, right?

So, here's a tip for ya. If you find it hard to sit still and meditate like a zen master, try some mindfulness exercises instead. There's a treasure trove of guided exercises on apps, YouTube, books, you name it. It might just help you get started on the path to inner peace. But honestly, I'm still stuck in my old ways, relying on my messed-up coping mechanisms day in and day out. Not the ideal situation, let me tell ya. So, don't make the same mistake as me and get stuck in your rut forever.

Well, that's all the wisdom I have to offer for now. Take it or leave it, folks. I hope some poor soul out there found this rambling mess at least somewhat useful. Remember, we're all in this together, stumbling through life and desperately trying to blend in. Good luck, fellow social misfits!
------
Alright, here's my informal and impolite post on a new thread in the subreddit:

Hey, what's up everyone? Just wanted to hop on here and share my thoughts on this whole Kavanaugh situation. Can I just say, the whole "and you know it" thing is getting real old. Like seriously, if you can't back up your statement with evidence, then maybe you shouldn't be making it in the first place. Just saying.

And let's talk about this whole delay thing. Congress doing its job is not a delay, people! It's called checks and balances, and it's part of the damn process. So quit acting like it's some kind of dysfunction or bias. It's how things work, deal with it.

Now, innocent until proven guilty, sure, but that doesn't mean we can't investigate or ask questions. Come on, people, use your common sense. We can still presume someone innocent while gathering more information. It's called due diligence, look it up.

And don't even get me started on job interviews. In the real world, you have to convince the employer you're the right fit for the job. They don't automatically assume the best for you. So why should it be any different for Kavanaugh? Give me a break. If there are doubts, then maybe it's time to consider other conservative candidates. There are plenty to choose from, after all.

Oh, and this whole "Democrats don't want him because he can read the constitution" argument is just ridiculous. Republicans could have picked someone less controversial if that was the real concern. Let's stop pretending this is an either-or situation. There are other options, people.

And for those of you saying the sex scandal is just an ad hominem attack, you clearly don't understand confirmation hearings. They are literally all about digging into the person's character and background. It's not a logical fallacy, it's the whole damn point.

Now, I don't care whose party made the Supreme Court appointment for life. That's the reality we live in, so deal with it. And when we have that kind of power and lifetime tenure at stake, it only makes sense to thoroughly scrutinize the candidates. We should be picky as hell about who gets that role.

And seriously, calling the allegations fraudulent just because they happened decades ago? Come on, people, let's not be ignorant. Just because something comes out later doesn't automatically make it false. We need to consider the evidence and give it a fair chance.

Lastly, let's talk about this dirty politics nonsense. Yeah, it's a mess, but it's not just one side's fault. Both parties play dirty, so don't act like it's some one-sided thing. We need to dig into things, ask questions, and seek the truth. Blindly defending anyone, regardless of party, just shows your ignorance.

Alright, that's enough ranting for now. Let's keep the discussion going, but please, let's try to be a bit more open-minded and reasonable. We're all in this mess together, folks.
------
Alright, listen up folks because I've got something to say about this whole religious debate going on. First off, let me just say that I really don't give a damn what you believe in. I don't care if you're a devout Christian, a devout atheist, or if you worship a damn spaghetti monster. It's your life, your beliefs, and it doesn't affect me one bit.

But here's the thing that gets me. So many people act like they're so damn high and mighty because of their beliefs. They think they're better than everyone else just because they follow some ancient book written by a bunch of old dudes. Well, news flash, just because you believe in something doesn't make it true. And it definitely doesn't make you any better than the rest of us.

I mean, come on, let's be real here. The Bible is nothing more than a glorified novel. Yeah, it might have some nice stories and "life lessons," but that doesn't mean it's the infallible truth. Just because a book says something is right or wrong, doesn't mean it actually is. I mean, seriously, are we supposed to believe that stoning gay people and people who have premarital sex is morally right? Give me a break.

And don't even get me started on the whole "love the sinner, hate the sin" crap. How can you claim to love someone, but then turn around and tell them that their love isn't valid? It's like saying, "Yeah, I love black people, I just don't think they should be allowed to get married!" Does that sound coherent to you? Because it sure as hell doesn't to me.

And let's talk about this whole idea of morality for a minute. Just because you believe in God or follow some religious code, doesn't automatically make you a good person. I've seen plenty of so-called "religious" people do some pretty messed up things. And I've seen plenty of atheists and non-religious folks who are some of the kindest, most compassionate people out there. So don't go acting all high and mighty just because you go to church every Sunday.

At the end of the day, it's not about what book you read or what deity you worship. It's about how you treat other people. It's about empathy, kindness, and respect. If you can't understand that, then maybe you need to reevaluate your priorities.

So, yeah, believe whatever the hell you want. But don't expect me to bow down to your beliefs or take them seriously. And for the love of all that is holy, stop acting like you're better than everyone else just because of your religion. We're all just trying to figure this shit out, so let's do it together without all the judgment and self-righteousness. Can we agree on that?
------
Alright, listen up folks, because I've got a bone to pick with all this talk about using longbows on horseback. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it's impossible or that there's no artistic evidence for it. But seriously, can someone show me some references in actual texts? Because I haven't come across any.

Let's think about this logically for a moment. We know that they fought battles on foot, no doubt about that. And I highly doubt that they were using bows on horseback during skirmishes. Why, you may ask? Well, here's the thing - longbows can't be kept strung for long periods of time without damaging the bow. And stringing the bow on horseback? Good luck with that, unless you're using a lightweight hunting bow. It's just not practical, my friends.

If there was any spur of the moment action, I'm telling you, it would most likely be conducted with a sword and buckler. That's what makes sense to me. And let's not forget that according to Froissart, only men-at-arms were sent out as scouts in the mid-14th century. Sure, he could be biased and not mention archers, but Monstrelet talks about archers and men-at-arms being sent out together on scouting missions. So, it stands to reason that archers would loose their arrows while dismounted, allowing the men-at-arms to charge and then they could remount and follow up behind. Simple as that.

Now, don't get me wrong again. I'm not saying it's impossible for mounted archers to shoot their bows from horseback. I'm just saying that there isn't enough evidence to suggest it was a common practice. It was probably a rare exception, if anything.

Now, moving on to a different topic - logistics. Let's talk about wagons for a minute. Sure, they may seem like a good idea, carrying around 10-15 men each. But have you considered the state of the roads back then? They were downright awful, especially off the beaten track or where no Roman roads were present. Wagons would struggle, my friends. And let's not forget about the speed factor. You can't pull off marches of a hundred miles in three days or almost ninety miles in two with carts. It's just not feasible. So, yeah, wagons have their own set of problems.

Now, let's talk about cavalrymen with multiple horses. Sure, if each cavalryman had two horses and rotated them, it might be possible to move at breakneck speeds. But then you have to deal with the extra horses and the cost involved. Let's face it, horses aren't cheap. And neither is their upkeep. So, you really need to think about the economy of it all.

That's where mounted archers come in handy. They were paid a fraction of what a man-at-arms was paid, and their horses were a fraction of the cost too. And don't even get me started on their equipment. It was way more affordable than what a man-at-arms would have to shell out. So, you could recruit a larger number of mounted archers for the same wages. And let's not forget, the bar to entry is much lower for them. It's easier to find and train mounted archers compared to men-at-arms. Trust me on this.

And here's the kicker - with almost the entire army mounted, you can wreak havoc over a larger area. Foot soldiers are great and all, but you can cover more ground and do more damage when you're on horseback, plain and simple. Even if the armies were only marching around 10 miles per day, the mounted archers could travel two or three times that distance, burning enemy land left and right. Think about it - an English army could burn down every village within a ten-mile radius of their advancing column. Now that's what I call profitable, destructive, and smart.

So, there you have it, my friends. My thoughts on these topics. Take it or leave it. I'm just a casual Reddit user, sharing my opinions. And hey, if you have any evidence to prove me wrong, feel free to share. But until then, let's keep the discussion going. Cheers!
------
Man, I was just chilling today, right? And then my friend comes over, and I'm thinking everything's cool. But then, out of nowhere, he drops a bombshell on me. Turns out he's a Trump supporter. What the actual fuck? I mean, come on, we're in Australia! I didn't even know those people existed here. It's like he's some kind of mythical creature that crawled out from under a rock.

So, there I am, minding my own business, scrolling through my Reddit feed, and my friend peeps over my shoulder and sees this anti-Trump image. And you know what he says? He actually defends the guy! He's like, "Trump has actually accomplished a few things during his presidency, more than other recent presidents. Why isn't anyone talking about that?" I was so dumbfounded, I couldn't even come up with a snappy comeback. All I could think was, "Where the hell did he find this echo chamber? I haven't heard a single good thing about Trump in my entire life."

It's been like 12 hours since that conversation, and I'm still in shock. I mean, I get it. My friend isn't the sharpest tool in the shed, and he tends to be easily influenced by whatever conspiracy theory is trending. Just the other day, he asked me what I thought about the flat earth crap. Seriously? Flat earth? I've watched some of those idiotic videos out of sheer morbid curiosity, and let me tell you, some of them are pretty convincing at first. But then they go off the deep end, and you realize they're just spewing nonsense. So, I told him, "Look dude, I've only ever seen the earth from this ground-level perspective, so I can't say for sure if it's flat or not. But honestly, even if it were flat, who cares? There are bigger things to worry about, like the control of automation by the super-rich and the threat of human redundancy."

I can at least see why some people fall for conspiracy theories. Back in the day, they had this allure of hidden forces manipulating everything behind the scenes. But now, these so-called "hidden spooky forces" don't even bother hiding anymore. They're bold as hell, throwing propaganda in our faces for a minute and a half, thinking we're too dumb to notice. It's like they're more concerned about brainwashing the idiots than fooling the intellectual elite.

But what I don't understand is how anyone can look at Trump's track record and think he's done anything worthwhile. The guy contradicts himself on every damn issue! His shady dealings with Russia make America look like a pushover, just like his attempts to handle North Korea. And don't even get me started on how he's managed to piss off all of America's long-held allies. Seriously, why on earth would you want to alienate Germany?

Even if you agree with some of his policies, it's painfully obvious that Trump is nothing more than a puppet. Sure, all presidents are puppets to some extent, but at least they try to pretend they have control. Trump? He doesn't even know what the hell he's doing half the time. He hasn't bothered to read the damn script, so he just stumbles around on stage like a clueless goldfish. One minute, he's vehemently against something, and then he flips a cue card and changes his stance with unwavering conviction. It's mind-boggling how anyone can spin that into a positive conclusion.

In my eyes, fuck it, let Trump do his thing. If it speeds up America's downfall from global dominance, then yay to that! Seriously, the American brand of capitalism needs to end. Will we end up in some utopian socialist society? Probably not, but the current state of wealth inequality is sickening. You don't need some fancy paper trail to see that. Just look at all those bombs dropping and shit. Americans pay insane amounts of taxes, more than most developed nations, and yet they can't take care of their own sick citizens? Military spending takes priority over healthcare? Who the hell benefits from that? All I see is it turning once-secular, developed nations into breeding grounds for religious fundamentalism.

So, yeah, congrats to Trump, I guess. Maybe in ten years, American politics won't be the center of everyone's freaking universe anymore.
------
Hey there, fellow Redditors! So, I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't resist jumping in with my two cents. Now, before we get started, I just want to make it clear that I'm not here to sugarcoat anything or be all polite and formal. Nah, I'm here to speak my mind in the most casual and impolite way possible, so buckle up!

Now, I gotta say, I totally get your point, but let's be real here. Blaming the market for someone's lack of decision-making skills? That's just plain ridiculous! It's like blaming McDonald's for making you fat when you keep chowing down on Big Macs every day. You can't expect the market to hold your hand and guide you towards making the right choices. It's up to you, bro!

And let's talk about this whole information thing. Sure, having poor information can lead to bad decisions, but guess what? It's your responsibility to find the right information before others do! Don't go crying foul when you snooze and lose, my friend. The early bird gets the worm, or in this case, the early market participant gets the profit!

Now, let's address this whole speculator debate. Yeah, some people may see speculators as greedy bastards, but honestly, I think they're just playing the game smart. They saw an opportunity, took a risk, and made bank. Can you blame them for trying to make a profit? I mean, come on! It's not like they were stealing from anyone. They were just willing to pay more for those sigils than the average player would. So really, they're just saving those sigils from being destroyed and giving other players a chance to get their hands on them.

And speaking of winners and losers, let's get real here. Luck, timing, unfair advantages, dirty tricks; these are all part of the game, both in MMOs and in real life. No one gets rich solely because they're brilliant or have magical insight. It's mostly about luck and being at the right place at the right time. So why expect the market to be fair and equal for everyone? Life ain't fair, buddy!

Now, I know some of you might argue that the market should cater to different ability levels, just like fire escapes are designed to accommodate varying physical abilities. But here's the thing, if you can't lift your own weight, tough luck! It's on you to either level up your abilities or find a workaround. Why should the system cater to your shortcomings? The market rewards those who put in the effort, simple as that.

And let me drop a truth bomb on you: nothing has changed in regards to obtaining those sigils. It still takes the same effort and ability as before. So stop complaining and start hustling if you want to get ahead. Don't expect the market to hold your hand and give you a participation trophy. This is the real world, my friends!

Alright, rant over. I've said my piece, and I'll leave it up to you guys to agree or disagree. But remember, life's not fair, the market isn't fair, and I'm certainly not gonna be polite about it! Peace out, Reddit fam!
------
Hey guys, I just need to vent for a minute because I am so frustrated with my living situation right now. So, here's the deal - I moved back in with my parents like a year ago because I couldn't handle working in assisted living anymore. They wanted me to focus on school, which sounded great at first. But let me tell you, it has turned into a nightmare.

At first, I was just doing my part around the house, you know, cleaning up and stuff. But then it escalated to me doing ALL the cleaning, cooking dinner every night, and taking care of their dogs whenever they're not around. And get this, I even have to serve my mom her dinner when she gets home from church. Like seriously, why can't she do it herself?

And to top it all off, I have to give them half of my financial aid as "rent" (which I highly suspect they use for something else), plus shell out hundreds of dollars for groceries and household stuff. Oh, and don't forget the random cash gifts I have to give them. It's like they expect me to be their personal ATM or something.

Now, things have gotten even worse lately. I've been struggling with my mental health after dealing with a toxic ex who tried to commit suicide. It was traumatic and triggered all my other issues, including PTSD and non-epileptic seizures. I'm a wreck, people!

But instead of understanding and supporting me, my parents are still expecting me to do everything around the house, even though I had to take a break from school. I'm not just sitting around all day, I have appointments and a social life too, you know? But my mom doesn't care. She wants me to clean the kitchen every damn day she works.

So, I tried to compromise with her. I suggested we take turns cleaning and cooking, and my dad can help out on the weekends. But oh boy, she lost her mind. She starts screaming at me that they work and I don't, so why should they have to lift a finger? And get this, she even has the time to go to church FOUR days a week! Yeah, sure, cleaning is too much for her.

I feel like such an asshole for standing up for myself and saying no to cleaning the kitchen every single day. But come on, that's way too much to ask, right? I've already done more than my fair share around here, and I'm tired of being taken advantage of.

I know some of you will say "their house, their rules, leave if you don't like it." Trust me, I would love to leave, but financially, I'm stuck right now. So, what do you guys think? Am I the asshole here?
------
Hey there fellow Vstrom riders! Just wanted to share my two cents on maintenance and some issues I've encountered with my DL1000. First off, let me say that maintaining this bike isn't too different from any other Japanese bike. I mean, I bought my Vstrom with around 22,000 miles on it and have put on almost the same amount without needing to replace the chain, sprockets, or brake pads. Of course, that's partly because I take good care of my chain and don't ride like a complete idiot (most of the time!).

Now, tires are a different story. Like any other motorcycle, some tires last longer than others. If you manage to get over 10,000 miles out of a rear tire, consider yourself lucky. Trust me, it's not an easy feat.

One thing I must say is that the DL1000 engine is really reliable. I had my valve clearance checked at around 37,000 miles and guess what? It was spot-on, just like the last time it was checked at 15,000 miles. No changes whatsoever. That's a good sign if you ask me.

But h
------
Look, I gotta say, I'm so sick and tired of all these idiots who think there's some huge divide in Canada's political landscape. Seriously, it's like they're living in a different world or something. Let me break it down for you real simple: the Mulroney, Chretien, Martin, Harper, and now Trudeau governments, they all pretty much have the same policies. Like, nothing major changes from one government to the next. It's just common sense progress over time, you know?

But no, we got these clueless people who love to argue like Trudeau is Castro or Harper is Trump. Are you freaking kidding me? That's just straight-up delusional. Stop bringing American politics into Canada. They're not the same, okay? Our parties may bicker about the small stuff, but overall, Canadians actually agree on what we want. It's only the details that we squabble about.

And speaking of squabbling, why are these morons still debating things that were decided decades ago? We settled the issues of public health care, education, abortion, and even capital punishment way back in the day. The US, on the other hand, can't seem to get their act together. They're still fighting over basic stuff like public schools and whether taxes should exist. Seriously, it's 2021, people! Get your priorities straight!

Now, let me give you a prime example of how Trudeau and Harper are basically cut from the same cloth. Remember when Trudeau fought for that darn pipeline? Yeah, that wasn't some ideological stand he was taking. It was just common sense. We have tons of oil and gas, and it needs to make its way to the global market. Simple as that.

So, stop buying into the mainstream media's crap about this so-called massive division in our country. Trudeau and Harper, they agree on a whopping 95% of things. It's just that 5% where they differ, where the real debates lie. But guess what? We've already figured out "Canada." We know who we are and what we stand for. We don't need to be dragged into America's identity crisis.

Unlike our neighbors down south, we actually have a unified vision for our country. We've got our priorities straight, while America is just floundering around, unsure of what it means to be American. Honestly, they're in the midst of a political crisis like they haven't seen since the 60s. But us? We're golden. We've got it figured out, and we ain't going back. So let's focus on building a better future instead of rehashing the past.

I hope that clears things up for all you clueless folks out there. Just remember, Canada has spoken, and we're not changing our minds anytime soon.
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I've got a bone to pick with all you so-called intellectuals out there. I was just casually scrolling through this subreddit, minding my own business, when I stumbled upon this ridiculous post claiming that uniqueness is a myth. Are you kidding me? Are you seriously trying to tell me that we're all just mindless drones, incapable of any original thought or action? Well, let me tell you something, buddy. You couldn't be more wrong if you tried.

Let's start with your whole Adam and Eve argument. Yeah, yeah, I know it's a biblical story and all that, but bear with me here. If we all supposedly came from these two individuals, then the number of unique individuals should be expanding, not contracting. I mean, seriously, do I need to spell it out for you? Our genetics are unique, our fingerprints are unique, and they're unpredictable too! Good luck trying to use your fancy analytics, AI, and statistics to predict what the next generation's fingerprints will look like. Spoiler alert: you can't!

And don't even get me started on your claim that everyone is just a carbon copy of each other. So, according to you, my mother is just another breeder, my friends are all identical clones, and we all have the same boring experiences? Give me a break! It's obvious to anyone with half a brain that we're all different, with our own quirks and perspectives. That's what makes life interesting, you know? Imagine a world where everyone acted and thought the same. Now that's a nightmare right there.

And let's not forget about comedy. Oh, comedy, the great art of finding that unique way of looking at the world that others can't see. In your world, where uniqueness doesn't exist, there would be no comedy. You know, those moments when you burst into laughter because someone sees something in such a hilarious way that you can't help but join in. Yeah, you're trying to take that away from us too, aren't you?

But it doesn't stop there, oh no. You want to strip away uniqueness from everything. You want to diminish the value of inventions, artists, and musicians by claiming that everything is based on something else and randomness is easily calculated. Well, guess what, genius? Artists, musicians, and engineers struggle to learn, to recreate what others have done before they stretch their wings and make their own mark. They build upon what came before them, sure, but they bring their own unique touch to it. That's what we're all here to do. We're not mindless copycats forever destined to buy what Joe buys and worship Hollywood movies because some dude named Joe thinks they're cool.

Your equation of uniqueness is just too damn coarse. Uniqueness resides in the details, my friend. God is in the details, they say. And even you, with your writing style, may be mimicked, but it's still something you made. Those are your thoughts, your unique perspective, your contribution to the grand universe. And yeah, maybe one day, if you believe in that sort of thing, God will judge you based on that.

But no, you want to strip uniqueness away from the world just to prove that statistical data is valid. Well, I've got news for you, buddy. That's just another way for those intellectual zombies, those leeches, to have jobs. They have little creative spark, just the lust for control and larceny. They regurgitate others' thoughts and beliefs without taking a moment to reflect on themselves and how they actually contribute to the productive world. Trust me, the world wouldn't miss them, and it would probably be better off without them.

But here's the kicker, my friend. The world is getting more unique every damn day. Things are changing, and soon enough, the creators will be the ones calling the shots again. The bean counters, with all their fancy analytics, will be left in the dust. That's the natural order of things, and it's burning your beans, isn't it?

Now, let me break it down for you, Mr. Average Joe Six-Pack. The reason we're all stuck in this pigeonholed existence is because of three major factors. First, our intentionally limiting educational system, which discourages free thought and logic and encourages conformity and blind worship of authority. Yeah, it's basically designed to breed sheep who look to the group for approval and status. Second, we've got analytics and the surveillance state. These idiots put analytics and ego-driven narcissism before ethics, turning us into predictable little slaves for the elite leeches to dance on. And finally, we've got the fake money supply, the Babylonian money magic, with its built-in model of theft, fraud, and deception. Trust me, it's on its way out. More and more options for people to engage in commerce without banks are popping up, like bitcoin and potcoin.

So, in conclusion, it's pretty clear to me that the world is on the brink of a major paradigm shift. And you know what, there's nothing those leeches can do to stop it. So, sit back, relax, and watch as uniqueness triumphs over conformity, creativity conquers control, and the world becomes a place where individuality is celebrated. Yeah, that's right, buddy. The times, they are a-changin'.
------
I don't know, man. Like, seriously, I've been on the fence about this whole Imperial vs. Stormcloak thing for years now. It's like, back in the day, I was all gung-ho for the Imperials. Like, yeah, they're supposed to be the good guys, right? But now, I'm just not sure anymore.

I think one of the things that changed my perspective is learning more about corruption and how messed up it can be. And let me tell you, the pro-Imperial arguments just don't hold up when you start thinking about corruption on a global scale. These Imperial supporters, a lot of them are from the first world, right? They have no idea what corruption really looks like. They think Riften or Markarth are like the pinnacle of corruption. But trust me, talk to any corrupt government official in the third world and they'll give you a whole spiel about rooting out corruption and having ethical standards for their police force. But guess what? It's all BS. The status quo never changes because there's just no incentive to not be corrupt in those societies.

But here's the thing, even in the most corrupt places, there are good people who just want to live honestly and peacefully, right? For every citizen who profits off corruption and lawlessness, there's gotta be at least two who don't. So why the heck aren't these honest, hardworking, law-abiding people revolting and doing something radical? I mean, they've got the numbers, right? Well, let me tell you, it's all about convenience and hope. Everyone's hoping the next politician will fix everything, that the next policy will bring security to their homes. But you know what? Nothing ever changes because there's no incentive for those in power to disrupt the status quo. Everyone just wants to live their comfy lives, man. And if they can claim to be against the Thalmor while living comfortably, well then, why the hell not?

And that brings me to the Empire. They've got all that corruption and empty promises about fighting the Thalmor. But let's be real here, there's absolutely no incentive for them to actually do anything about it. Anyone who associates with the Thalmor gets all kinds of perks and benefits, man. So why the hell would they oppose them? It just doesn't make sense. At this rate, the Empire is gonna become nothing more than a Thalmor puppet, if it isn't already. And you know what? I'm starting to think the only way to fight this deep-rooted corruption is through a full-on civil war, like a complete political revolution. That's how it works in real life, right?

Now, personally, I gotta admit, I can't stand Stormcloak fans. Most of them, including Ulfric himself, just come across as immature children throwing a tantrum. I mean, seriously, have you seen the residents of Windhelm? Talk about a messed-up bunch. So yeah, I kind of made my decision to support the Empire all those years ago because I wanted to take the high road, you know? I didn't want to be associated with those immature brats. But looking back, maybe I was the one acting like a child. Maybe I was the one who flipped the Monopoly board when things weren't going my way.

Man, I don't know. This whole Imperial vs. Stormcloak thing just gets more confusing the more I think about it. But hey, that's just my two cents, you know? Take it or leave it.
------
Hey, what's up y'all? So, I was just scrolling through this subreddit and came across this thread. And let me tell you, some of the comments here are just wild! Like, seriously, what are y'all even talking about?

First off, someone mentioned religious holidays being a promotion of religion. And, like, yeah duh! That's kind of the point, isn't it? I mean, it's called a holiday for a reason. It's a time to celebrate and observe religious traditions. So, I really don't get why someone would think that's a problem. Can someone explain that to me? Because I'm genuinely confused here.

Then, there's this whole discussion about the LGBT community in Singapore and teaching about homosexuality in schools. And honestly, I don't see what the big deal is. Like, come on people, being gay isn't a choice! So why should we exclude it from sex ed classes? Education is supposed to be inclusive and provide accurate information, right? So, I don't understand why anyone would have a valid reason to oppose including homosexuality in the curriculum. Like, seriously, enlighten me if I'm missing something here.

Oh, and let's not forget about the discrimination issue. Someone asked what recourse there is for someone who's rejected service based on discrimination. And the response was just plain ridiculous. "Just go to another establishment." Seriously? Is that the best solution you can come up with? What if there are no other options available? Should people just accept being treated unfairly? I don't think so!

And then there's this whole debate about a bakery refusing to bake a cake for a gay wedding. Look, I get it, everyone has their own beliefs and opinions. But here's the thing, if you don't want to serve LGBTQ+ couples, just freaking advertise it! Simple as that! Why make it a big secret and then have all this drama when someone asks for a cake for their wedding? It's just not practical or fair.

And let me just say, it's not discrimination! The bakery owner should have the freedom to choose which events they want to participate in, right? I mean, it's their artistic skills at stake here. And you know what, they even suggested that the couple could just buy a cake off the shelf. So, really, who's the real victim in this situation? Maybe it's time for some self-reflection, folks.

Now, let's talk about this whole dichotomy between being against businesses being discriminatory but also opposed to forcing them to serve someone they're discriminating against. Honestly, this is just mind-boggling! I mean, how can you be against discrimination but also against making businesses serve everyone? It's like saying you're against animal cruelty but also against laws protecting animals. It just doesn't make sense!

So, yeah, that's my two cents on this whole thread. I hope I didn't offend anyone too much, but hey, sometimes you just gotta speak your mind, right? Let's try to keep the discussion lively but respectful, okay? Peace out, fellow Redditors!
------
Alright, listen up folks. I've got something to get off my chest. It's been bugging the hell out of me, and I just can't take it anymore. So let's talk about these mediocre private schools that seem to be popping up left and right.

Now, don't get me wrong. I understand the appeal of going to a top-tier private school like Stanford or Yale. Those are some prestigious institutions that can open doors for you faster than a Ferrari on the Autobahn. But what I can't wrap my head around is why anyone in their right mind would willingly fork out three to five times the amount of money for a degree at a mediocre private school.

Let's break it down. You've got your local state school, where you can get a perfectly decent education at a reasonable price. Sure, it may not have that fancy reputation, but who the heck cares? It's still a quality education, and chances are, people have actually heard of your state university. Try saying you went to some unknown private school, and you'll be met with blank stares and awkward silence.

And here's the kicker. These mediocre private schools, there are thousands of them! I'm talking 1,845 private colleges in the good ol' US of A. Now, unless you're swimming in student aid or studying some super rare major that only exists in the depths of these mediocre private schools, why the hell would you waste your money and time?

Let me put it in terms everyone can understand. It's like buying a car. You've got your Toyota Camry, a solid, average car for a decent price. That's your local state school. Then, on the other end of the spectrum, you've got your Porsche 911, a luxury, top-quality ride that screams success. That's a top-tier private school. But what really gets me riled up is when people decide to shell out multiple times the price of a Camry for a damn Nissan Altima. Are you kidding me?

I mean, even car buyers have more sense than that. Nobody wants a badge engineered luxury car, where they slap a fancy logo on an ordinary vehicle. Those things don't sell well, and for a good reason. But somehow, it's a different story when it comes to education. People are willing to pay through the nose for a subpar private school experience that nobody's ever heard of. It's like paying a premium for a Pontiac instead of a Chevy. What's the point?

Look, I get it. Education is a personal choice, and everyone has their own reasons for attending certain schools. Some may argue that networking opportunities and smaller class sizes make up for the hefty price tag. But let me tell you something, pal. That's a load of bull.

You can find networking opportunities and small classes in plenty of state schools too. And don't even get me started on the fact that your local public university is probably more well-known internationally than these mediocre private schools.

So, to all you students out there considering one of these mediocre private schools, I implore you to think long and hard about what you're getting yourself into. Is it really worth paying a fortune for a degree that won't turn heads? I highly doubt it.

In conclusion, save your money, people. Don't fall for the trap of these mediocre private schools. Stick to your local state school or aim for the big leagues if you've got the ambition and the cash. But please, for the love of all that's holy, don't be foolish enough to pay top dollar for a second-rate education. It's just not worth it.
------
Alright, I can definitely channel my inner casual Reddit user for this one. Brace yourself for some informality and impoliteness. Here goes:

Yo, what's up with this post? Seriously, it's like you're trying to play some twisted game of mental gymnastics to prove a point that just ain't there. I mean, come on!

First off, let's talk about those suicide rates among the LGBT+ community. Yeah, they're damn high, and you know what? Discrimination plays a huge role in that. It's not rocket science, dude. Every freakin' mental health organization out there acknowledges it, so why the hell are you trying to discount it? Get your head out of your ass!

And don't even get me started on your little word game. You're tryna act all clever by misquoting something and then claiming it's the same as the real deal. Well, newsflash, genius, it ain't. The article you quoted didn't mention discrimination at all. So, unless you're sayin' discrimination is a freakin' genetic factor, I suggest you shut up and stop twisting words to fit your narrative.

Now, I gotta give you props for finally agreeing that we should reduce discrimination for the sake of our LGBT+ community. But let me guess, you're probably one of those who are against repealing 377a and legalizing same-sex marriages, right? Yeah, thought so. You wanna have your cake and eat it too, pal. You can't claim to care about reducing discrimination while supporting laws that perpetuate it. Hypocritical much?

Oh, and nice try bringin' up those extracts that supposedly don't acknowledge any reasons beyond discrimination. Look, most mental health organizations have made it pretty damn clear that discrimination and stigma are major factors in the mental health disparities faced by the LGBT+ community. But no, you're probably thinkin' there's some big conspiracy behind it all, right? Give me a frickin' break!

And what's with your whole attempt at proving me wrong just for the sake of it? Seriously, bro, get a life. I'm just here tryin' to set the record straight and counter your misinformed crap. It's not personal, man, it's just me callin' out someone who's desperately clinging to their beliefs despite all evidence pointing in the other direction.

Oh, and don't you dare go twistin' my words and claimin' I'm arguing for more discrimination against LGBT+ folks. I never said that, and you know it. But hey, if you're not supportin' the repeal of 377a and the legalization of same-sex marriage, then guess what? You're part of the freakin' problem! So quit playin' coy and own up to your stance already.

In case your brain can't handle more than three points, let me simplify it for ya: LGBT+ youth have higher suicide rates, discrimination and stigma play a big role in their mental health struggles, and that leads to increased vulnerability to mental illnesses and, yeah, more suicides. Got it? Good.

So, next time you wanna try and push your misinformed narrative, do us all a favor and actually educate yourself first. Don't twist scientific studies to fit your agenda, and maybe, just maybe, we can have a halfway decent discussion. But until then, keep your misinformation to yourself. Peace out.
------
Hey, I just came across your post and I gotta say, what the hell are you even talking about? Your argument is so weak and full of holes that it's laughable. You keep going on and on about happiness and love being the only emotions that can awaken a Sharingan, but where the hell is your evidence for that? Oh right, you don't have any.

You claim that because Sarada felt happy and loved, that automatically means her Sharingan was awakened by those emotions. Well, newsflash buddy, correlation does not equal causation. Just because two things happen at the same time does not mean one caused the other. It's basic logic, something you clearly lack.

And don't even get me started on your so-called "context clues." You act like they're some kind of ultimate proof, but in reality, they're just subjective interpretations. You can twist them to fit your narrative all you want, but it doesn't make them fact. So stop acting like your interpretation is the only correct one, because it's not.

And for the love of god, can you please learn how to construct a coherent sentence? Your grammar and spelling are atrocious. It's hard to take someone seriously when they can't even string together a proper sentence. It's like talking to a five-year-old who just learned how to write.

Oh, and let's not forget your condescending tone. Who the hell do you think you are, talking down to people and dismissing their arguments without any valid counterpoints? You're nothing more than an arrogant know-it-all who can't handle being challenged. It must be nice to live in your little bubble where you think you're always right and everyone else is wrong.

But here's the thing, pal. You're not always right. In fact, you're rarely right. And until you can actually back up your claims with real evidence and logical reasoning, no one is going to take you seriously. So maybe take a step back, reevaluate your argument, and come back when you actually have something worth saying.

Until then, I'll be over here enjoying my time on this subreddit, engaging in actual intelligent discussions with people who actually know what they're talking about. But hey, if you ever want to have a real debate and actually back up your claims, just let me know. I'll be here, waiting for you to actually make a valid point.
------
Look, I understand that you're all about promoting progress and moving our societies forward, but I gotta say, this whole "nothing really works anywhere anyways" mentality is just plain harmful. It's the type of thinking that authoritarian regimes love because it perpetuates the idea that things can't get better and that all governments are corrupt. But that's just not true, my friend.

Now, I completely disagree with you on this one. In fact, I would argue that a large portion of the US population is way too damn complacent with the current state of their country. They actually believe that their country is more progressive and free than it really is. I mean, seriously? Sticking your head in the sand and pretending everything is hunky-dory is not the way to create progress. We need to be critical and incite social change, not just blindly accept the status quo.

And here's another thing. Comparing the US to China is actually a pretty effective method for condemning certain actions. China is seen as this big bad enemy, so if we see them doing something messed up, it opens people's eyes and makes them question similar actions within our own country. And guess what? That can lead to change - the good kind!

Now, I'm not saying the US is perfect. We definitely have our faults. The whole book sabotage thing, for example, not cool. But overall, I think our government does a pretty decent job at handling dissent and opposition, or rather, not handling it. Look at the popular media right now - it's all about criticizing our current administration. And that's already on a whole other level than what is allowed in China, my friend.

So, let's get one thing straight. Nobody is claiming that the US is as bad as China. The comment you responded to was simply pointing out how the general US population tends to look down upon other countries for their transgressions while being completely ignorant or accepting of those same transgressions within our own country. It's just plain hypocrisy, man.

And don't even get me started on the media coverage. Yeah, it may be turning on the dumpster fire of an administration we elected, but remember how it was pre-election? Completely different story. So, one incidentally positive action doesn't magically transform the US into the land of liberty and freedom.

Now, why are you throwing around claims of equivalency without any nuance just because you're feeling all cynical? That's not cool, my friend. It's downright dishonest and irresponsible. You can't just sweep all the issues under the rug by saying, "Oh well, at least we're not a dictatorship like China." No, no, no. We have plenty of corruption problems ourselves, from questionable political donations to media monopolies. Just because we're not a dictatorship doesn't mean we shouldn't compare the way we handle similar issues.

So, let's cut the crap, shall we? This comment of yours feels like it has nothing to do with perspective and everything to do with defending some misplaced sense of national pride. We should be open to criticism, learn from it, and strive to do better. That's how progress happens, my friend.
------
Hey there, sorry to hear about your situation. It sounds like you're going through a really tough time right now. Relationships can be complicated, especially when life throws so many challenges at us. I can't imagine how difficult it must be for you dealing with your disability on top of everything else.

First off, let me just say that what your ex did was pretty shitty. Breaking up with someone via text is just cowardly, and it sounds like he didn't even have the decency to write it himself. That's a low blow, and you deserve better than that. You deserve someone who will stick by you no matter what, and it sucks that he couldn't be that person.

But here's the thing, you shouldn't have to rely on someone else to make you happy or take care of you. I know it's easier said than done, especially when you've become so dependent on someone, but you have to find a way to move forward without him. I know it may feel impossible right now, but trust me, you are stronger than you think.

It's understandable that you're feeling lost and unsure about how to navigate your life without him. But remember, you were living with your disability before he came along, and you can continue to live with it now that he's gone. It might be a little harder and more challenging, but it's not impossible. You are capable of so much more than you give yourself credit for.

As for practical advice, it sounds like your family situation is pretty tough as well. It sucks that they can't afford a caregiver for you, and it's unfair that your dad takes out his stress on you. I wish I had a magic solution for you, but unfortunately, I don't. All I can say is, try your best to communicate with your family about how you're feeling. Maybe they don't even realize the impact their behavior has on you. Sometimes, people just need a wake-up call to realize the pain they're causing.

In terms of getting your ex to talk to you again, I hate to say it, but it might not be worth pursuing. If he broke up with you that callously and hasn't shown any interest in talking to you since, then maybe it's a sign that he's not worth your time and energy. It's hard to let go, especially when you've lost your best friend, but sometimes it's necessary for your own well-being.

Instead, focus on yourself. Find new hobbies or activities that you can do within your limitations. Maybe try painting or writing, something that allows you to express your emotions and be creative. Surround yourself with supportive friends or join support groups where you can meet others who understand what you're going through. Reach out to mental health professionals and see if they can provide any guidance or coping strategies for you.

I know it feels like your world has been turned upside down right now, but I promise you, things will get better. It may take time, and it may be a bumpy road, but you will learn to adapt and thrive in your new circumstances. Take it one day at a time and be kind to yourself. You deserve love and happiness, and with a little bit of self-care and determination, you'll find it again.
------
Okay, seriously, what the hell is happening with this game? I mean, come on! Guild Wars 2 used to be a freakin' awesome MMO, but now it's just a joke. And let me tell you, it's all because they decided to cater to the casual players.

Look, I get it, casual players make up a big portion of the player base. But that doesn't mean you have to dumb down the whole frickin' game. The hardcore players are the ones who keep this game alive. They're the ones who create guilds, communities, and all that cool extra stuff that makes the game interesting. But guess what? They're gone. And with them goes all the fun and excitement.

And don't even get me started on the raid trainings and WvW guilds. Those were the best parts of the game. But now? They're non-existent. It's like the devs just decided to screw over all the players who actually cared about the game. And what do we get in return? Nothing. Absolutely nothing.

And you know what really grinds my gears? The fact that the game is practically dead outside of a few dedicated places. Seriously, there's no presence on Twitch, YouTube, or any other platform. And don't give me that crap about catering to casual players. If that were true, then why aren't more casual players flocking to the game? Huh? It's because the game sucks now. Simple as that.

But hey, let's think about the money, shall we? Because apparently that's all the devs care about. They think that by making the game more casual-friendly, they'll attract more players and make more money. But guess what? It's not working. In fact, it's making things worse. Less money means less content, which means even fewer players. It's a downward spiral, my friends.

And let's not forget about the quality of the game. Casual players aren't suddenly going to become experts at leading WvW groups or creating high-end raid groups. And even if they did, it wouldn't be the same. We need a balance metagame, damn it! It's what keeps things interesting for everyone, not just the hardcore players.

I'm not saying they should completely ignore the casual players. I mean, come on, I'm not a heartless monster. But this whole "let's make everything super casual friendly" strategy has completely backfired. I mean, seriously, look at the state of the game. It's a mess. And Anet, you've lost so many paying players because of it. And guess what? You're gonna keep losing them if you keep going down this path.

And don't give me that whole "all MMOs lose players" crap. Guild Wars 2 used to be better than that. It used to be one of the best MMOs out there. But now? Now it's just another generic game that no one cares about. And it's all because of this stupid focus on casual players.

So here's my suggestion: stop catering to the casuals so much. Find a balance between hardcore and casual aspects. Bring back the fun, the excitement, and the challenge. Because if you don't, this game is gonna die. And I don't wanna see that happen, but hey, it's your funeral.
------
Hey, I gotta say, your argument is just plain wrong. Like, seriously, completely off base. You're trying to compare thinking about everyday stuff like food or playing guitar to fantasizing about sex? Dude, that's a huge stretch.

First of all, let's get one thing straight. Thinking about food when you're hungry is not some kind of fantasy, it's just common sense. You can't eat by thinking about food, obviously. You actually have to go out and, you know, cook something up or order some takeout. Same goes for playing guitar. Sure, you can be excited about a guitar lesson and think about it beforehand, but the real enjoyment comes from actually strumming those strings and feeling the music. It's not fantasy, it's reality.

Now, let's talk about sex fantasies. Yeah, they're a completely different beast. You mentioned NoFap, so I'm assuming you're into that whole non-ejaculation thing. Look, I'm not judging, but don't try to make it seem like fantasizing about sex is some kind of motivation
------
Wow, okay, I gotta say, your understanding of soul here is just way off. You're going on about materialism vs idealism, but honestly, neither of those really capture the essence of what soul is all about. Maybe you should educate yourself a bit more before spouting off about it.

And then you start talking about self-determinism and causality, like you're some expert on the subject. Sorry to burst your bubble, but modern physics has pretty much debunked all that Aristotle crap about causality. It's not some fundamental thing, it's just an emergent label that we use because of entropy or some other fancy scientific mumbo jumbo. Seriously, do some research and stop clinging to outdated philosophical ideas.

Oh, and don't even get me started on your whole spiel about objective reality being a tool. Like, come on. Do you really not believe in the existence of an objective reality? Do you think we all just make up our own little subjective realities and nothing else matters? That's some next-level solipsistic nonsense right there. We all have to acknowledge and interact with the objective reality that exists outside of ourselves, whether consciousness is fundamental or not.

So, yeah, maybe you should rethink your whole understanding of these concepts before you go around acting like you know what you're talking about. And maybe next time, keep your condescending comments to yourself. Just a thought.
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I've been lurking around this subreddit for a while now, and something has been bugging me. Why is it that whenever the topic of alternatives to Young Earth Creationism (YEC) comes up, it feels like I'm swimming in a sea of YEC enthusiasts? Seriously, it's like they're everywhere - in churches, on the radio, and even among the Christian folk I know.

Now, I've come up with two possible explanations for this phenomenon. Brace yourself, because they're pretty out there.

Explanation number one: there's a global conspiracy between Satan and the scientific community. Yeah, you heard me right. Apparently, Satan has been doing some sneaky stuff like planting dinosaur bones and manipulating carbon dating just to mess with our heads. And to top it off, these alleged acts of deception are either destroyed or immediately rejected by the scientific community. Talk about an elaborate plot!

Alright, let's move on to explanation number two: the Bible simply doesn't provide us with all the nitty-gritty details. I mean, come on, it was written thousands of years ago. Back then, people probably didn't need a comprehensive understanding of the world to believe in a higher power. Like, did they even know about cells? Nope, not a mention of those little guys in the Bible. So, why should we expect it to be a scientific textbook?

Now, call me crazy, but I lean towards explanation number two. It just seems more reasonable to me. Occam's razor, you know? But here's the thing, every time I try to bring up anything remotely scientific around my Christian friends, they all jump aboard the conspiracy train. It's like they've bought a one-way ticket to Loonyville. So, now I've learned to zip it and keep my thoughts to myself. Great, right?

The problem with all of this is that it's making it really hard for me to find a community of like-minded Christians. I'm fairly new to Christianity, and I'm doing my best to pray and study every day. But when I can't openly discuss my doubts and questions without getting shut down or directed to some whack-job website, it kind of kills my enthusiasm, you know?

One family I'm friends with even gave me this list of "non-negotiable truths" that apparently define what it means to be a Christian. And guess what? One of those truths is believing in the Bible without question, aka biblical inerrancy. So, does this mean that having questions and doubts automatically disqualifies me from being a Christian? If that's the case, then I guess my Mormon and Catholic friends wouldn't make the cut either. Are they all destined for damnation or what?

I just want to figure out what I should believe, you know? Am I being held back from heaven by Satan himself just because I refuse to buy into this science conspiracy nonsense? Is believing in this ridiculousness some kind of prerequisite for salvation? Last time I checked, being a Christian was about accepting Jesus Christ as my savior, not endorsing crazy theories.

Look, all I want to do is teach my future kids how to be good Christians while also giving them a solid understanding of how the world works through science. I don't see why these things have to be mutually exclusive. In fact, I've always thought that science could help us uncover the wonders of God's creation, like finding "God's fingerprints," you know? But according to the Christians I know in person, it seems like science equals "reject God."

So, yeah, I'm feeling lost and frustrated. I could use some guidance here. Can anyone point me in the right direction? Is there a church out there that doesn't think I'm some kind of heretic for asking questions? Help a fellow Redditor out, please.
------
Okay, listen up folks. I just stumbled upon this article and I gotta say, I totally disagree with the guy. Like, seriously? Viewing speed and memory consumption as the main metrics for software quality? Give me a break! There's so much more to consider here, people. Let's dive into it.

First of all, the author tries to compare software to cars, talking about speed and fuel consumption. But let me ask you this, have you ever been in a sales meeting for a software product? Trust me, no one gives a damn about how fast your software runs or how much memory it consumes. All they care about is whether your fancy dashboard widgets can be dragged around like the competitor's. Features sell, my friends, not some optimization mumbo jumbo.

And let's talk about maintainability, shall we? This dude quotes Donald Knuth's paper from 1974, talking about programmers wasting time on optimizing noncritical parts. Well, guess what? Handwritten SQL might not be the most optimized solution, but it sure is easier to maintain than some fancy ORM. You can always drop into raw SQL when needed, but why waste time maintaining an ORM when your system is constantly changing? Save yourself the trouble, my friends.

Oh, and don't even get me started on time to market. You see, software is a competitive business, my fellow casual Redditors. Getting your product out there and grabbing that market share should be priority number one. Just look at Windows or Facebook. They achieved success because they moved fast and broke things along the way. So, who needs optimization when you've only got a few users? Pragmatism, my friends. Slap a todo on that n + 1 query and get your product out there. You can optimize when you're swimming in money.

And let's not forget about app payload size. Yeah, I'm talking about all those fancy JavaScript frameworks like React and Angular. Sure, they increase payload size, but they also make state management a whole lot easier in dynamic web applications. Having a tool that allows you to write features quickly and easily is what matters. Who cares about payload size when you've got features to sell?

So there you have it, my friends. The author might be all upset about optimization, but let me tell you something. In the real world, where most of us software developers work, choosing optimization for the sake of being perfect is just plain dumb. It's all about making the right choices for the business. So, I'm gonna keep doing what my boss says because that's what makes sense in the business world. Boom! Mic drop.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I saw this post and I couldn't help but roll my eyes. Seriously, what kind of nonsense is this? Firstly, let me address the person who decided to insult me for giving some general advice. Are you kidding me? You call me stupid? Well, honey, let me tell you something - your empathy seems to be lacking. You took personal offense to something that wasn't even directed towards you. Get off your high horse and put yourself in someone else's shoes for once.

Now, let's talk about these so-called "habits" that apparently make you the perfect human being. Newsflash, genius, these are not checkboxes on a bucket list. It's not about doing them once and thinking you're done. It's about forming habits and improving yourself every single day. And don't think for a second that just because you've supposedly formed all these habits, you're automatically a magnet for love. That's where your arrogance shows, my friend. People don't like that.

And let's say, hypothetically, there's someone out there who has actually formed all these habits and still can't find love. Well, guess what? They probably have some major personality defect going on. Maybe they come across as a total jerk without even realizing it. So instead of focusing on general self-improvement, they need to address their specific problem. But hey, what do I know? I'm not a life coach or a psychologist.

On the other hand, maybe this hypothetical person is just deeply insecure. They go out of their way to get offended and act like a total tool. Let me tell you, that kind of behavior is a massive turn-off. So, instead of searching for ways to be offended, how about working on improving yourself? Surprise, surprise - building confidence is the key to overcoming insecurity.

But here's the thing, my dear friends: whether you're looking for love or not, it all comes down to being better every single day. Don't just sit around waiting for your perfect match to fall into your lap. Get off your lazy butt and put in some effort. And hey, if you happen to live in an area with a limited dating pool, then guess what? Self-improvement becomes even more crucial. Improve yourself, be the best version of you, and eventually, the right person will come along. It's a matter of time, my friends.

So, in conclusion, stop whining, stop waiting, and start doing. Stop complaining that you can't find love and start working on yourself. It's as simple as that. If you build it, they will come. Good luck, losers.
------
Hey, so I've got a crazy story to share with you all. Let me just start by saying, I'm not here for those sweet upvotes or anything, I just want to entertain y'all and hopefully make you laugh with this wild tale from my past.

Alright, so picture this - it's just another typical Saturday, filled with alcohol and cigarettes. My buddy comes over and suggests we pop some Xanax. Now, being the responsible individuals we are, we decided to call up our trusted plug/buddy to hook us up. He shows up with these 4mg pressed bars, but we were skeptical about their potency. So, what do we do? We each take three quarters of a bar, thinking we'll be alright.

Well, guess what? Those bars hit us like a damn brick house! We were totally xanned out, feeling like zombies wandering around. But being the adventurous souls we are, we thought, "Hey, why not take it up a notch?" Cue the MDMA. We each swallowed a whopping 300mg dose because who needs moderation, right?

Now, just as we were floating away on our cloud of Xanax and ecstasy, our plug/buddy hits me up saying he's got some ice and heroin. At this point, my pockets were empty, and I couldn't afford any more substances. But fear not, my buddy had my back. He offered to get a point of H for us to enjoy together. How thoughtful, right?

Here's where things get sneaky. As soon as my buddy stepped away, my cunning plan formed. I secretly decided to snort half of that point in the bathroom without him knowing, because let's face it, he was way too messed up to handle heroin responsibly. So, off I go to my plug's car to retrieve the precious stash.

Of course, life never goes as planned. As fate would have it, there was a hole in the bag, and half the point fell onto my shorts. Desperate times call for desperate measures, my friends. I snorted that precious H right off my shorts, feeling the warm embrace of the infamous drug taking hold of me. But now I had to deal with the fact that my buddy saw everything.

He caught me red-handed, grasping the bag of heroin, and demanded to know what was going on. Panic set in because I didn't want him to know that I had done H, especially since he was so messed up already. So, I did what any genius would do - I lied. I told him it was cocaine. Brilliant move, right?

Well, guess what happened next? This dude starts begging me for a hit, and let me tell you, it was beyond annoying. I repeatedly denied him, trying to protect him from the depths of heroin addiction. But then, I made the ultimate mistake. I placed that half-point on the table while checking my stupid phone. And what do I hear? The unmistakable sound of a sniff.

I look up, and there he is, head held high with a rolled-up bill in his nose, inhaling my precious stash. Then he sinks into his chair and says, "Wow." At that moment, I couldn't keep up the charade anymore. I confess, "Bro, that wasn't coke. You just snorted heroin." Surprisingly, he replies with a simple, "Really?" I nod and say, "Yep." And you know what? The crazy bastard just looks at me and goes, "Not bad." That was it, no anger, no regrets.

But here's the thing, deep down, he knew he had to get revenge someday. After all, if it weren't for me, he would have never experienced the joy of a decent heroin bump, right? So, fast forward six months, and he decides to trick me into doing ketamine on a date. Classic payback, if you ask me. And that's the end of the story, folks. Just wanted to clarify that I'm not some evil mastermind tricking people into becoming junkies. My buddy never touched heroin again, so no harm done. I never forced him into it; it was all just a series of crazy circumstances.

So there you have it, my friends. Another wild adventure from my past that I thought you'd all enjoy. Remember, life is a rollercoaster, and sometimes you end up snorting heroin when you think it's coke. Stay safe out there, and don't forget to laugh at your own ridiculous moments. Cheers!
------
Alright, here goes my informal and impolite response:

Well, well, well, look what we have here. Another person trying to defend the Bible and make excuses for all the inconsistencies and scientific inaccuracies. Seriously, what are we supposed to do with this book? It's not like it's a scientific journal or some well-researched study. No, it's just a bunch of cherry-picked stories from ancient Christian and Jewish works.

And don't even get me started on this whole Noah's Ark debacle. Was it real or just allegory? Make up your damn mind! I was taught that it actually happened, you know, two of every animal and all. But now that science has proven it impossible, suddenly it's just a metaphorical story. Typical apologist move, shifting the goalposts every time science proves them wrong.

But seriously, if God is this all-powerful creator of the universe, why did He make His own work so fallible and cryptic? It's like He purposefully made it hard to understand and open for interpretation. And what's up with the whole 6,000-year timeline? We all know that science clearly contradicts that. I mean, come on, it's almost as if the Bible was written by humans to control other humans, rather than being inspired by an all-knowing being.

And hey, if I saw spirits making people sick with my own eyes and then learned about viruses, you bet your ass I would trust personal observation over some ancient religious text. That's why I trust science. Take every religious book on this planet, burn them all, and in a thousand years, none of that crap will come back. But burn every science book, and guess what? Those laws will be rediscovered through the scientific process. Science is based on evidence and can stand the test of time, unlike religion.

Oh, and let's not forget about the cherry-picking that goes on in the Christian faith. These people just pick and choose whatever suits them, ignoring the rest of the dogma. They want comfort, and they're willing to twist and manipulate the Bible to get it. But you know what? I actually gave you a Bible verse to support my argument, but you haven't given me anything substantial yet.

And please, spare me your accusations of painting all Christians as bad and manipulative. I never said that. Sure, Christians may not be killing people anymore (thank God for progress), but let's face it, religion itself is pretty damn manipulative. It tells you how to live your life and threatens you with hell if you don't love Jesus. Talk about an abusive relationship! Punish me because you love me? Yeah, right.

Look, I'm just sharing my thoughts and opinions here. I don't pretend to speak for anyone else, whether it's the God of the Bible, Christians, or even you. This is Reddit, for crying out loud, the land of individual voices. So, let's not pretend we can speak for anyone other than ourselves. And anyone who claims to speak for God or someone else should be met with skepticism. We've come a long way from biblical times when hearing voices and claiming it's God's word was considered legit. Now we lock those people up.

So there you have it, my two cents on this whole messy Bible situation. Take it or leave it.
------
Alright, let's get into this. So, they go and print this card, Assassin's Trophy, and it's causing quite the stir in the Magic community. I mean, this thing is like a Swiss Army knife of removal spells. It doesn't care if you're a creature, planeswalker, artifact, enchantment, or even a basic land. It just destroys you and gives your opponent a basic land. That's some serious power right there.

Now, I know what you're thinking. "But hey, everything dies to removal, right?" Well, yeah, sure, technically speaking. But this card, my friends, is on a whole other level. It's so versatile and efficient that it's making us question how we assess new cards in the future. No longer can we simply say, "Oh, this creature dies to Doom Blade, so it must not be that good." Nope, now we have to consider if it dies to Assassin's Trophy as well.

And let me tell you, this changes everything. I mean, seriously, everything. This card has serious implications for the game as a whole. It's not just about evaluating threats anymore, it's about evaluating everything in relation to this one card. It's like the elephant in the room that nobody wants to talk about because it's too damn powerful.

But hey, before you start dismissing me as some crazed lunatic, take a look at some of the more serious comments down below. There are people who actually agree with me, or at least understand where I'm coming from. Like that u/muzzynat person, their comment is pretty much what I'm getting at, just without all the snark and memes.

I'm not saying this card is inherently bad for the game. I'm just saying it fundamentally changes how we evaluate cards going forward. And that's a big deal. Wizards of the Coast really went all out with this one. They're shaking things up like never before.

Now, I could sit here and respond to every single comment on this thread, but honestly, that would take forever. So instead, I'm gonna do something crazy and write a whole paper or report or whatever about it. Yeah, you heard me right. I'm gonna delve deep into the impact of this card and analyze it from every angle. And you know what? I'll even post it online for all you lovely people to read.

But hey, if you don't wanna wait for my masterpiece to be finished, you can always shoot me a PM and I'll give you some sneak peeks along the way. I'm all about that collaborative discussion, ya know? Let's duke it out with our wits and words, just like Reid Duke would.

Alright, I think I've rambled on long enough. Time to wrap this up with some spicy memes. Because, let's be honest, even though this is a serious topic, a little humor never hurt anyone. Plus, this sub could use a break from all the controversy and anger towards Wizards of the Coast. So, let's meme it up and have some fun. Who's with me?

P.S. If you're just gonna call me an idiot and tell me I'm wrong without contributing anything meaningful to the conversation, then go ahead and make a comment on this thread. But just know that you're not adding anything of value and nobody's gonna take you seriously. So, consider that before you hit that submit button. #fiteme
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I stumbled upon this subreddit and I gotta say, some of you people are seriously deluded. I mean, seriously, what's with all the religious mumbo jumbo? I just can't wrap my head around it.

First of all, let's talk about this whole Jesus guy. Yeah, yeah, I know, most historians believe he existed. But come on, they don't have any first-hand accounts of the dude. All those stories about him were written years after he supposedly died. How can we trust something that was basically passed down through the grapevine for centuries? I mean, if this guy was so important and performed all these miracles, you'd think there would be some solid evidence, right?

And don't even get me started on the conflicting stories. I mean, seriously, there's even disagreement about where he was born. How can you move someone to a city that doesn't even exist yet for a census? It just doesn't make any sense. And speaking of miracles, if this guy really did turn water into wine and walked on water, I would need some serious scientific evidence to believe it. Show me the proof, people!

Now, I know some of you might say that disbelief in Jesus is a new thing, but that's just not true. People have been doubting his existence for centuries. It's just that now more and more people are starting to question the lack of evidence. It's only logical, right?

And don't give me that "who am I to question God" nonsense. You're a human being with a functioning brain, that's who you are. It's your right and responsibility to examine the evidence and come to your own conclusions. Belief or nonbelief in a deity isn't a choice, it's a result of critical thinking and evaluation of the available information. And if you choose to blindly accept something without questioning it, well, that's your problem.

Oh, and let's not forget about the whole design argument. Some of you try to use the complexity of living organisms as evidence of an intelligent designer. But have you ever heard of cuttlefish? Those little creatures have complex eyes with no blind spots, unlike us humans. So much for an all-knowing and all-perfect designer, huh?

And what's the deal with our larynx? You say it's all part of some grand plan, but really, why couldn't it have been designed better? The larynx is responsible for language, and yet we see no evidence of a physical change in humans that would explain the sudden development of complex language. It's almost as if it just happened naturally over time, you know, through evolution. But nah, let's just attribute everything to an invisible creator.

And speaking of creation, some of you actually believe that everything was made "mid-life" by God. I mean, come on, that's just an excuse for the lack of evidence. If God created Adam and Eve, they couldn't have been embryos or young children because they wouldn't have survived without direct feeding. So yeah, it's convenient to say that everything was made "mid-life" to cover up the inconsistencies, but it's just a cop-out.

And finally, to all of you religious folks, please stop with the "God bless" nonsense. Seriously, it's offensive to say that to someone like me who doesn't believe in your fairy tales. It's like you're saying, "fuck you and your whole world view." So how about we drop the religious arrogance and have a real discussion based on facts and evidence?

Look, I'm all for people finding comfort and meaning in whatever they believe in, but let's not pretend like it's based on anything solid. Faith is great and all, but when it starts interfering with reason and critical thinking, that's when we have a problem.

So, to sum it up, let's focus on evidence, logic, and reason. That's the only way we can truly understand the world around us. And please, spare me the religious nonsense. I've heard enough already.
------
Hey guys, I just stumbled upon this thread and I couldn't help but chime in. I mean, seriously, why are people still worshipping Musk like he's some kind of genius? It's about time we compile a list of all the reasons why this guy is an utter asshole. I'll start with a few examples, but feel free to add more:

First off, check out these URLs that showcase Musk's douchebaggery. It's mind-blowing how he gets away with it:

<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>
<URL>

But wait, there's more! Did you know that Musk is also one of the largest donors for a House Republican PAC? Yeah, you heard me right. And we're not talking about moderate Republicans here, we're talking about climate change deniers like Kevin McCarthy. I mean, seriously, what the hell?

Oh, and let's not forget about his donations to Democrats. Sure, he may donate more to Republicans, but his donations to Democrats tend to go to right-wing Democrats who are driving the party to the right. Take Diane Feinstein and Bill Nelson, for example. Bill Nelson even had the audacity to describe single-payer healthcare as "too good of a deal for the American people." Can you believe that?

And hey, check out this bombshell from Musk's first wife. She spilled the beans on his true colors. Here's the URL if you want to dive into the juicy details:

<URL>

But wait, there's one more incident that really showcases Musk's arrogance. So, a few years ago, there was this dinner discussion in Atherton featuring Elon Musk and Larry Page. A small group of tech leaders attended, and this person (onmyouza) decided to ask a question about getting visionaries like Musk and Page engaged in solving real-world problems like poverty, mass incarceration, and violence against women.

Now, you'd expect them to discuss market-based solutions or initiatives like prizes that encourage private capital to fund public solutions. But no, Musk's response was pure idiocy. He had the audacity to say that he doesn't think poverty is such a problem because he grew up in South Africa and now lives near Beverly Hills. According to him, the housewives in his neighborhood are more miserable than kids in townships. Talk about being completely out of touch!

Larry Page, to his credit, called out Musk's BS and pointed out how wrong he was. Study after study has shown that poverty causes human suffering, regardless of whether it's "relative" or not. Denying this fact is denying the worth of billions of people on our planet.

And finally, let's not forget when Musk straight-up stole some guy's art for one of his products and then had the audacity to say, "it would be lame if you sued." Apparently, he thought he was doing the artist a favor by giving him more exposure. Seriously, this guy is psychotic.

So there you have it, folks. Just a taste of all the reasons why Musk is an utter asshole. Feel free to add more examples to the list. Let's put an end to this mindless worshipping once and for all.
------
Hey everyone, I just wanted to take a moment to vent about something that really pissed me off. So, Riot Games, the creators of League of Legends, had this gender-segregated event at PAX West. They literally excluded men from it. Can you believe that? And now, the conversation has turned into men being the bad guys. It's ridiculous how people can't seem to handle the fact that men don't like sexism. But oh no, men aren't the correct gender, so their opinions don't matter apparently.

To make matters worse, the employees at Riot decided to call the complainers "manbabies" and insult their fans on Twitter. Like seriously, what kind of company does that? It's such a slap in the face for those of us who have been playing League of Legends for years. I mean, personally, I've been playing this game for over 7 years and I've probably spent over 500 bucks on it. And now, this is the final straw for me. It's pushed me to the brink of insanity.

This whole thing has been building up for years now. It all started with the whole gamergate debacle, where journalists and feminists colluded to vilify men and gamers. The lies were spread far and wide before the truth even had a chance. It's been one crazy pill after another.

But you know what really got me fired up? Female-only scholarships, feminist literature, and those ridiculous gender critical children's literature classes. I mean, seriously? What kind of BS is that? It just made me question everything.

Then came gamergate, and Anita Sarkeesian spreading lies about gamers, men, and my favorite hobby. That's when I decided to get more politically involved and educate myself. But it didn't stop there. They started attacking my other hobbies too. Magic the Gathering, tabletops, movies, you name it. If you liked it and didn't conform to their diversity agenda, you were labeled a sexist.

I've had enough of this shit for the past four years. And for those of you who follow social justice warriors and online feminists, you know exactly what I'm talking about with all this nonsense. It's like a never-ending barrage of blame and hatred directed at me, just because of my gender.

And when I try to stand up for myself, they just laugh it off and dismiss me with terms like "male tears," "toxic masculinity," or "white fragility." It's infuriating. I'm constantly being told to shut up and sit down because apparently my opinions don't matter. But if I do step aside, then I'm an incel loser or some other derogatory term. The expectations they have for me are ridiculous, yet I receive no respect or humanity in return.

I've become nothing more than an object of hate over the years. It's like they've been beating me down relentlessly. And you know what? It's not just me. I've seen so many guys who feel the same way. This constant bombardment of blame and exclusion makes them question if relationships are even worth it. It's messed up.

Sometimes it all just gets too overwhelming. I mean, I'm not suicidal or depressed, but I can't help but see the world for what it has become. It feels like I'm living in a twisted reality. I don't even know what to do anymore. It's like we've reached a point where the truth doesn't matter and things are only going to get worse. How much worse can it get, right?

Anyway, thanks for taking the time to read my rant. I hope I made some sense, despite the jumble of thoughts in my head. There are so many more things I want to address and talk about, but there's only so much time in the day. Life goes on, and we still have to go to work and deal with all the other crap thrown our way.

But let's not forget, it's important to support each other. I'm lucky to have an amazing girlfriend and a great family who have my back. I can't imagine going through this alone. So, the next time someone wonders why incels or red-pillers exist, maybe they should stop and consider what made them that way. It's not always the fault of men or the patriarchy.

Okay, I'm done rambling now. Thanks again for listening.
------
Hey guys, so I work at this car wash and let me tell you, it's a total joke. Like seriously, it's a complete rip-off for both the customers and the employees. Let me break it down for you.

First of all, I heard from some guy that it costs around 20-30 cents to run a car through the wash. And I'm talking about the big wash, the fancy one where they do all the extra stuff. But guess what? The cheapest wash we offer is like 6 bucks and it's basically just a quick rinse. No employee labor involved, just a lazy excuse for a car wash. And trust me, that's a huge chunk of our business. Can you believe people actually pay for that crap?

Now, let's talk about the most expensive wash. It's like 50 bucks and supposedly comes with all these fancy features like armor all on the tires, inside cleaning, trim shining, and rain-x on the windows. But guess what? We buy those chemicals in bulk and the total cost is like 5, 8, 2, and 12 bucks respectively. Yeah, I rounded them up for nice even numbers. But seriously, customers are getting ripped off big time with those prices.

And let's not forget about the labor aspect. It takes around 30 minutes to do the biggest package, depending on how dirty the car is. And guess what I get paid? 9 bucks an hour. So if it takes me half an hour, they have to pay me a whopping 4.50 bucks. Are you kidding me? That's pocket change!

Oh, and speaking of prices, remember when the minimum wage was raised? Yeah, back in 2009 it went up to 7.25 bucks. And you know what happened? Our car wash prices increased by almost 10 bucks each! I mean, come on, can't they cut us some slack? We're just trying to make a living here.

And let me tell you about my personal experience. I've been working at this place on and off for years. I worked there during high school, college, and even after I graduated. I left for a different job but ended up coming back because I needed some money while going back to school. And let me tell you, it's been a struggle.

I currently make 9 bucks an hour, which is barely enough to survive. I work just one day a week to cover my gas expenses for commuting to school. I mean, seriously? Is this what my life has come to? I have to rely on my parents to help me out with things like car insurance because it's freaking doubled in the past couple of years. Can't catch a break, can I?

Look, I know there are people out there who have it worse than me. And I'm grateful for the help I have. But that doesn't change the fact that this job is a joke. The management is just trying to squeeze every penny out of the customers while paying us peanuts. It's not fair, man.

So yeah, sorry if this post turned into a rant. But I just had to let it out. This whole car wash industry needs a reality check. Customers, don't waste your money here. And employees, let's demand better pay and treatment. We deserve it!

Anyway, that's all I wanted to say. Thanks for reading my ramblings, if anyone actually made it this far. Stay strong, fellow car wash warriors!
------
Alright, listen up folks. I gotta address some of the nonsense I've been seeing in this thread. Y'all keep talking about training all your major muscle groups with the same rep scheme and exercises, but let me tell you, that's just plain dumb.

First off, let's talk about why cheating during certain movements is actually beneficial. Sure, it may not be the most proper technique, but it can really help you move more weight and target different muscles. Take a cheat curl or a cheat row for example. Those bad boys can have a huge impact on the amount of weight you're lifting and the training effect you're getting. Compare that to a cheat bench, and you'll see a significant difference. So, programming based solely on weight moved becomes impossible and ineffective, especially when your technique changes as you increase the weight.

Now, someone here mentioned they want their bench and rows to be trained the same way. Why on earth would you do that? They are completely different movements, targeting different muscles. I mean, come on, do you train your squats the same way you train your presses? No, because they work and respond differently. And don't even get me started on deadlifts and abs. They require their own special attention. So, trying to prescribe the same training to all these different movements is just plain idiotic. You need something more precise, my friend.

I also saw someone mentioning proportional gains between major muscle groups. Now, here's the thing, equal training doesn't result in equal growth. It's just not how it works. Bench pressing does not equal bent over rowing, period. They're not mirror opposites, so training them exactly the same won't give you balance. Balance requires giving special attention to specific muscle groups and planes of movement. It's not one-size-fits-all, people.

Now, let's address the issue of form and deviation from target percentages. Yeah, using programs like 5/3/1 and 5x10 on bent over rows is definitely more prone to errors in form and deviations from the target percentages. I've seen it firsthand, and I've experienced it myself. Trust me, it's not pretty.

And to answer the question about getting size and strength gains between all major muscle groups as close to proportional as possible...well, I wouldn't recommend relying solely on watching form. It's just not the best way to achieve that. We need to be smarter than that.

Oh, and one more thing. Someone asked if decreasing intensity is necessary to maintain form. Well, yeah, obviously. If your form is suffering because you're pushing too hard, then dial it back a bit. And for you newbie lifters out there, listen up. It's actually more of a problem for you because you tend to have poor body awareness and control. So, don't think you can slack off on form just because you're starting with lower weights.

In conclusion, my friends, symmetry and proportional gains aren't achieved by training every movement and muscle group the same way. You need to understand that different muscles and movements require different approaches. You may need to throw more volume at certain muscle groups to balance them out. It's a whole different ball game, my friends. So, let's ditch this idea of universal prescriptions and start focusing on what really works.
------
Alright, buckle up because I've got some things to say about this subreddit topic. First of all, let me just say that all branches of the military talk shit. It's just a fact of life. I mean, I've got buddies in the Navy, Army, Air Force, you name it, and we all give each other a hard time. It's part of the camaraderie. But here's the thing that really gets under my skin: people who talk shit based on stories they've never experienced. That's straight-up annoying.

Let me explain with a little personal anecdote. So, I'm not a big fan of tracks, those damn armored vehicles. And when I tell my Navy friends about the misery and woe of being stuck in one, they shoot back with stories about being trapped on a ship. Now, I've gotta give credit where credit's due. I don't know how they do it, spending months at a time floating around on a boat. So yeah, I'll respect that. But the line gets crossed when people start talking shit without any real understanding of what it's like. Like, come on, have some respect.

Now, let's talk about being stationed in Hawaii. I know what you're thinking  "What? How can that suck? It's freaking Hawaii!" Well, let me paint a picture for you. First off, we're pretty much stuck on this island unless we get special permission to leave. And guess who decides whether or not that happens? People higher up the chain of command, that's who. It's all arbitrary and it sucks.

But the worst part is the duty schedule. We spend 12 months in garrison, six months deployed, and then rinse and repeat. Can you imagine that? Barely having any time to attend advanced schools or improve our skills? It's ridiculous. And don't even get me started on Christmas leave. If Christmas falls during pre- or post-deployment, you're looking at 11 months without seeing home. And when you finally do get leave, you have to shell out a ridiculous amount of money just to get back to the east coast. It's a freaking racket.

And let's talk about training. On the island, we can't do any real meaningful training. Nope, instead we're stuck doing busy work bullshit that doesn't benefit anyone except the new lts who need to learn how to be grunts. Like seriously, why are we wasting our time? Then, when it's time for actual training, we have to ship out to some remote location because apparently, it takes a freaking army to transport a whole battalion. It's absurd.

And the cherry on top? Deploying to Okinawa and the surrounding areas to train some more. So, basically, we spend the whole year training to go and train in another country for six months. What's the goal here? I mean, at the lance corporal level, it feels like we're just training to train. It's frustrating.

Oh, and did I mention the assholes in every unit who go out and get in fights with the locals or drive drunk? Yeah, thanks guys, now we all get punished. Our freedom is gone. Can't even escape to the mainland for a weekend getaway. Nope, we're stuck on this tiny, cramped island where everything costs an arm and a leg. Seriously, a gallon of milk costs like seven bucks. It's insanity.

So yeah, you see why us Hawaii marines talk shit? It's not because we're jerks, it's because living here just plain sucks. By the time our enlistment is up, we're burnt out and there's not much to show for it. It's a tough gig, my friends.

Okay, rant over. Just had to get that off my chest. Thanks for listening, fellow Redditors. Keep scrolling and keep talking shit  it's what makes the military world go 'round.
------
Hey, so I might be able to shed some light on this for ya. I've been in the power industry for a hot minute, mainly working with transmission and commissioning power plants. So, let me tell you, nuclear is a whole different ballgame, and not in a good way.

First off, let's talk about the cost. Nuclear plants are crazy expensive to build. Just look at the Virgil C Summer plant in South Carolina. They started this 9 billion dollar project a while back to add two nuclear units to their existing plant. Long story short, it turned into a massive dumpster fire. Westinghouse, yeah, that old power industry name, took on the project and ended up bankrupting their nuclear division. Toshiba tried to come to the rescue, but they're taking major Ls too. The project is now on hold because it's like 5 billion over budget, and nobody wants to touch that mess.

But wait, there's more! Let's do a little cost analysis, shall we? Each of those units being built was supposed to supply around 1000 MW to the grid. If the project miraculously finished without any additional spending (which is impossible), they would have spent a whopping 14 billion dollars to produce 2000 MW. And that's not even factoring in the costs of running the damn thing.

Now, let's compare that to natural gas plants. The last one I worked on had a modest budget of around 600 million dollars and produced just under 500 MW. And get this, it took less than 3 years from start to finish. So, do the math. That gas plant cost about 1.2 million bucks per MW, while that unfinished V.C. Summer plant is sitting at a cool 7 million per MW. That's over triple the cost and a hell of a lot longer turnaround time.

But wait, there's even more! Running a nuclear plant is a friggin' nightmare. First, you got the issue of when a unit decides to take a little vacation and goes offline. It's like a kick in the balls for the whole grid. NERC, this federal organization that came into pla
------
Okay, so here's the thing. I've always been the type of person who enjoys my alone time. Like seriously, I could spend days on end without interacting with another soul and be perfectly content. I don't feel lonely, and I never really felt the need to have a huge group of friends or go out socializing all the time. It's just not my thing, you know?

But let me tell you, shit hit the fan two months ago when my husband died. It was like my whole world came crashing down. Suddenly, all those hours spent by myself meant nothing. All those hobbies and interests that used to bring me joy became meaningless. The only thing that truly mattered to me was my husband, and now he was gone. It was like someone ripped out a part of my soul.

Now, I recently attended this psych ed group and they had this class about social support. They gave us this questionnaire to evaluate our perceived social support, and let me tell you, my answers were pretty damn bleak. The questionnaire had categories like acceptance, encouragement, companionship, partner for activities, new ideas, help with tasks, guidance, and so on. And guess what? I looked at that damn questionnaire and realized I had almost no one to write in those spaces. My husband's name would have been plastered all over it, but he was gone. Just like that.

It hit me like a ton of bricks. I never really understood the importance of having people in your life until that moment. I always thought I could do everything on my own, be my own support system. But when I actually needed someone, I had no idea who to turn to. And let me be clear, it's not because there aren't people out there who care about me, it's because I never bothered to identify and cultivate those relationships. I was too damn stubborn and lazy to put in the effort.

And you know what? It goes both ways. I never realized that I could fulfill those roles for other people too. Yeah, it's hard work, but I was so caught up in my own little world that I never stopped to think about how I could be there for others. I selfishly believed that I didn't need anyone else to live a fulfilling life, that I could provide everything for myself.

But here's the reality check. When shit hits the fan, when tragedy strikes, you can't rely on your own damn self. You need people around you, supporting you, giving you hope. Jim Carrey was onto something when he said, "I think everybody should get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see that it's not the answer." It's not about the fame or the fortune, it's about the connections we make, the support we give and receive.

So, yeah, maybe being a loner works for some people. Maybe you're perfectly content with your small social network. But let me tell you, when the darkness comes knocking on your door, when life throws you a curveball, you'll quickly realize the importance of having people around you. It's those relationships, those connections, that can pull you out of the deepest pits of despair and give you hope when everything seems hopeless.

So, don't be like me. Don't resign yourself to a solitary existence, thinking you don't need anyone else. Because you do. We all do. We need people to laugh with, cry with, and support us when life gets tough. We need those connections to remind us that we're not alone in this crazy journey called life.

So, take a step back from your solitude every now and then. Cultivate those relationships, cherish the people in your life, and be there for them too. Because in the end, it's not the size of your social circle that matters, it's the quality of the connections you form. And trust me, when tragedy strikes, you'll be grateful for every single person who stands by your side.
------
Alright, listen up you bunch of armchair philosophers! I stumbled upon this ridiculous post from Stefan Molyneaux's book or whatever, and I can't help but roll my eyes. Like seriously, who even comes up with this stuff? Let me break it down for you in a way that a normal person can understand.

First of all, this guy is going on and on about the whole idea of owning property, starting with our own bodies. I mean, come on! Do we really need to have a philosophical debate about whether we own our bodies or not? It's pretty freaking obvious, isn't it? I don't know about you, but I definitely feel like I have control over my own body. I decide what I do with it, where I go, and who I let touch it (or not touch it, if you catch my drift).

But this Molyneaux dude seems to think that if we don't have control over our bodies, then morality goes out the window. What a load of crap! Just because we have bodily autonomy doesn't mean we can just go around doing whatever the hell we want. I mean, seriously, imagine if that were the case. Chaos would ensue! We'd have people running around, stabbing each other, and claiming it's not their fault because their fingers did the stabbing. Give me a break!

And here's another gem. He says that if we deny our ownership over our bodies, then we deny all morality. Really? So, according to this genius, if I don't believe that I own my own body, I can just rob a bank, shoot someone, or commit any other heinous crime, and it's not my fault? Sorry, but that logic is absolutely bonkers! Just because I don't believe in self-ownership, doesn't mean I don't have to face the consequences of my actions.

And let's not forget about his little tangent on demonic possession. This guy seriously wants to compare people to possessed girls from horror movies? Talk about reaching for straws! Last time I checked, I'm not possessed by some supernatural force controlling my every move. I make my own choices, good or bad. And guess what? I take responsibility for them!

Honestly, this whole argument is just a bunch of convoluted nonsense. Like, who even takes this stuff seriously? So what if I'm using my body to speak? That doesn't mean I suddenly have to be this super philosophical being who debates the meaning of life every waking minute. It's just a basic human function, for crying out loud!

So, in conclusion, this Stefan Molyneaux guy needs to take a chill pill and stop trying to complicate things that are already pretty freaking obvious. We own our bodies, we make choices, and we face the consequences. It's as simple as that. End of story.
------
Alright, listen up folks! I'm gonna break it down for you real simple. When it comes to workouts, there are these three factors that play a big role in how tired you get and how long it takes to recover. Intensity, volume, and frequency.

Intensity is all about how hard you go during your workout. Now, forget about those percentages and focus on something called RPE (Rate of Perceived Exertion). Basically, it's a way to measure how many more reps you could have done. If you're at a 10, that means you couldn't do any more reps. If you're at a 9, you could have squeezed out just one more rep. You get the idea. It's a bit subjective, but it helps you adjust the intensity based on how you're feeling. See, as you go through your training cycle, fatigue starts building up. So, what might have been an RPE 8 earlier in the week could turn into a solid 10 by Friday. And if you're cutting, well, good luck recovering with fewer calories. Your body ain't gonna be too happy about that.

Now onto volume, which basically means the total number of sets or reps you do. Some folks like to focus on the number of sets, while others prefer to think about the total reps. There's some research showing that doing hard sets (above RPE 7) between 6 and 20 reps can give you similar gains in muscle size. So, if you're more into low-rep workouts, keep track of your total reps. But here's the kicker - maintaining muscle requires a certain level of volume. In a bulk, you might need around 8 sets per week to keep your gains. But when you're cutting, that number goes up. So, you might need to bump it up to 12 sets per week to hold on to what you got.

Last but not least, we got frequency. This is just how often you do a specific lift or movement. For example, bench or horizontal push. Now, frequency does have some benefits, but the main reason we care about it is because it allows us to get more volume in. You see, it's easier to spread out the workload over multiple days than cramming it all into one grueling session. Most of us would rather do 3 sets of 10 on three different days than suffer through a torturous 9 sets of 10 all at once. Plus, recovery becomes a heck of a lot easier with shorter sessions.

So, let's put it all together, shall we? When you're cutting and trying to hold onto that precious muscle, you wanna focus on shorter sessions with lower intensity (keep it between RPE 6 and 8) and crank up the volume. Spread that workload across multiple days to make recovery a piece of cake. And don't worry about losing strength, it'll bounce back eventually.
------
Alright, let me give you my take on this whole discrimination issue. First of all, can we just acknowledge that religious holidays are everywhere? I mean, come on, we have so many of them. It's like they're promoting religion or something. So, I can see why some people might think that's pushing it a bit too far.

But let's move on to the LGBT community in Singapore and their demand for teaching about homosexuality in schools. Personally, I don't see any valid reason not to include it in the curriculum. I mean, seriously, being gay is not a choice. It's just who you are, right? So, why not educate kids about it? It's not like we're turning them all into homosexuals or anything. It's just about understanding and accepting others.

Now, let's talk about discrimination. You mentioned that Singapore doesn't have anti-discrimination laws like the US does. Well, in that case, if someone rejects your service based on discrimination, just go to another place. Simple as that. I mean, what's your recourse if a Christian publisher refuses to sell you a religious book? You just find another place to get it. No big deal.

Oh, but wait, you're saying that the bakery didn't advertise itself as a straight wedding only one. Well, guess what? They probably don't want to bake a cake for a neo-Nazi gathering or a KKK cross burning either. It's not really practical for them to advertise all the events they won't participate in, right?

And here's the thing. The bakery wants the freedom to discriminate against certain customers without facing any backlash. They want to have their cake and eat it too. But guess what? That's not how it works. If you want to discriminate, then be prepared for the consequences. And yeah, the bakery did face some backlash, including death threats, but you know what? They had to bake cakes for all occasions because the courts forced them to. And as a result, they had to drop the service completely and lost 40% of their revenue. So, who's the real victim here?

And let's not forget that the gay couple purposely sought out a business that would reject baking a cake for their wedding just so they could make a big fuss about it. All the bakery did was exercise their freedom to choose not to bake a cake. They even said the couple could buy a cake off their shelf. So, seriously, who's the real victim here?

Oh, and by the way, don't tell me "you can't have your cake and eat it too" when it comes to your far-left and LGBT friends. They can't demand liberty and rights while also trying to infringe on others. It's just not fair. And that brings me to my next point.

You mentioned something about being against businesses being discriminatory but also being opposed to forcing a business to serve someone they're discriminating against. Well, isn't that quite the dichotomy? I mean, it's not discrimination in the first place, but even if it were, shouldn't businesses have the freedom to choose who they want to serve? It's about personal liberty and artistic expression, you know?

So, in conclusion, discrimination is not really discrimination, and businesses should have the right to refuse service to anyone they want. It's all about personal freedom and choice. And if you don't like it, well, tough luck. Find another bakery or whatever. That's just how it is.
------
Hey guys, I just wanted to share a little story that happened to me a while back. So, there was this dude, let's call him Gill, who used to hang around with our group after high school. Now, Gill had a bit of a reputation as a womanizer, if you catch my drift. But one night, at a party hosted by this girl, shit went down. She straight up kicked his sorry ass out because apparently he had raped or taken advantage of her at another party. Yeah, you heard that right. It was pretty messed up.

Now here's the thing, Gill never faced any consequences for what he did. The poor girl never even went to the police. But just because there wasn't a court case doesn't mean nothing happened, you know? Now, Gill's married and hopefully not up to his old tricks anymore.

So, why am I bringing up Gill in a discussion about Kavanaugh? Well, it's because I can't understand why some people find it so hard to believe that Kavanaugh or other guys like him could have done what they're accused of. Seriously, I've seen enough of these kinds of stories to think it's more likely they did something wrong than to believe it's some grand political conspiracy against them. I mean, come on!

Look at the track record here. We've had Alito, Roberts, Gorsuch, and none of them had any accusations like this thrown at them. Did the Democrats forget how to play the game? Bill Clinton's accusers were treated like garbage and yet they still stick to their stories. It just doesn't make sense.

Personally, I think it's no coincidence that guys like Clinton and Trump get accused of this stuff, while guys like Neil Gorsuch and Mitt Romney don't. Some dudes are just wired to chase skirts and will cross boundaries to get what they want. It's messed up, but it happens.

And here's the kicker: Kavanaugh isn't even the only conservative judge Trump could nominate. There are plenty of other options without these accusations hanging over their heads. Unlike that creep Roy Moore, where it was either believe the accusers or lose a Senate seat, we have a choice here. We can seriously look into these allegations or we can pick someone else who shares our conservative values without all this drama.

Now, let me circle back to my high school experience with Gill. The thing is, I can see how these accusations can be politically motivated. If Gill ever ran for office and I actually respected the guy and thought he had good ideas, I might hesitate to come forward and risk my own life being exposed or corroborate that girl's story if she went public. But if I thought his politics were garbage and would be terrible for the country, then I'd be more willing to take the risk and expose him. But honestly, I'd like to think I'd be honest regardless of his political affiliation. It's just that it would be easier to do it under certain circumstances, if you catch my drift.

Anyway, that's just my two cents on the whole Kavanaugh situation. It's a mess, and I hope the truth comes out, whatever it may be. Peace out, Reddit fam!
------
So, let me tell you about this crazy shit that went down a while back. It all started in June when I stumbled upon this website that claimed to pay me for my old class notes and exams. As a broke-ass college student, I thought, "Hell yeah, some extra cash and I'll be a hero by helping out other students with their exams!"

Now, here's the thing. I had all my exams scanned and stored in my Google Drive because, you know, I'm always prepared and shit. So, it was a breeze for me to upload like five documents from my organic chemistry class and get paid a sweet $25. And you know what? I figured I might as well make it rain with more classes' materials  physics, calculus, you name it. I uploaded around 120 documents within a few days and made a couple hundred bucks. Booze money, baby!

Fast forward a month, and I'm feeling like a boss. I aced all my finals and got a perfect 4.0 for the term. Life is good, my friend. But then, out of the blue, I receive an email from my email professor. He's all like, "Yo, because of the content you uploaded, I'm gonna fail you in the class, even though you passed with an A." Panic mode activated!

To make things worse, my physics professor sends me the exact same damn email. Failing me in the class, even though I aced it. Seriously, what the actual fuck?! Now, I'm freaking the fuck out. I'm an international student, and I'm shitting bricks because I'm thinking my visa might get canceled and I'll be a dead man walking.

The next day, I get summoned to meet the director of student affairs. I'm hoping maybe he'll just give me a slap on the wrist and tell me to knock it off. But nope, it turns into a two-hour-long meeting from hell. And you know what this son of a bitch tells me? He says I'm most likely gonna be expelled, won't be able to transfer to the university I planned on, and they might revoke my damn visa. Holy shit, I'm fucked!

I go home, and I lose my shit completely. Can't tell m
------
Yo, so I was just reading through this subreddit and came across this post about mounted archers and light cavalry. Gotta say, there's not a whole lot of evidence to support the idea that mounted archers were all that effective compared to later crossbows or arquebuses. But hey, that doesn't mean they weren't considered light cavalry alongside foot archers.

The French ordinances actually show a shift from archers to armored demi-lancers, so it seems like the role of "archers" evolved into something else. And you know what? Fourquevaux and Sir John Smythe actually thought that mounted spearmen without missile weapons were superior to mounted shot who could shoot while riding. So, maybe ranged weapons weren't seen as necessary for light cavalry fighting from horseback, except in really tough terrain.

Now, let's talk about these mounted archers riding up near the enemy army and then dismounting. That sounds pretty risky, right? Unless the men at arms stopped to guard them, they could be in real danger. Plus, they'd lose the element of surprise if they stopped to dismount. And if the archers dismounted while the men at arms rode ahead, how would they provide support with their arrows, other than maybe that Ramsay Bolton method? Doesn't sound too effective to me.

But hey, even if only a few archers were good at shooting from horseback, think about all the situations where that could come in handy. A bit of extra firepower during a charge or a probing attack? Yeah, that could be useful. And remember that archer near the end of the Bayeux Tapestry? He kept shooting arrows while chasing down fleeing enemies. Now that's badass.

Oh, and here's another thought: maybe having a cheaper horse actually made it more likely for a light horseman to shoot a bow or crossbow while mounted. In the early modern period, lancers needed pricy horses that were both strong chargers and quick. But firearms could still hurt from farther away and with the same force, whether the horse was moving fast or not. So, maybe the archers or crossbowmen who could only shoot from horseback were seen as inferior to those who fought with spears or lances. That could explain why there aren't many chroniclers talking about them, and why you only see a couple of mounted shooters in medieval battle paintings.

As for overall speed during campaigns, it probably depends on whether the cavalry force needs extra pack animals or wagons for transportation. If they do, that's gonna slow 'em down for sure.

So, that's my take on this whole mounted archer and light cavalry thing. What do you guys think? Any other thoughts or evidence to share?

<url>
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I've got some thoughts on this so-called masterpiece called Wuthering Heights. Let me preface this by saying that I never read this book in school or college, so when I randomly decided to pick it up in my 30s, I had no idea what I was getting into.

First off, let's talk about Charlotte Bronte's forward. Apparently, this book was scandalous for its time, so scandalous that Charlotte herself had to edit out some shocking bits from her sister Emily's original manuscript. Now that piqued my interest. Ghosts, scandal, dark romance? Count me in!

But here's the thing, after trudging through this book, I realized that none of those things really matter. Where's the love story? Where is the romance? Nowhere to be found, my friends. Instead, we're treated to this bizarre story about an aristocrat who takes in this dark-skinned boy, Heathcliff, who is treated like garbage by everyone except his clueless benefactor. Talk about messed up.

I mean, seriously, what is the point of all this? Emily Bronte wrote this in the 1850s, and I'm sitting here scratching my head trying to figure out what she was trying to say. Was it a commentary on the caste system in England? Was she trying to highlight the horrible behavior of the land-owning class? Or maybe she just thought that poor people were sub-human, judging by the way Heathcliff is portrayed. Like, seriously, what's up with that?

Maybe she was just saying, "Hey, y'all suck, and this is what I think of you." And then she dropped the mic and disappeared from the literary scene forever. I gotta give her credit for that, at least.

But let's talk about the actual reading experience. Spoiler alert, it wasn't very entertaining. Everyone in this book acts like a bunch of jerks, and then it just ends. No resolution, no redemption, just pure misery. Woo-hoo! That's exactly what I look for in a book - characters I can't stand and no hope for a happy ending.

I have to admit, though, there is one thing that stuck with me after reading this. It's the image of Emily Bronte, this woman who chose to stay cooped up in her childhood home, writing this one book about a world she clearly despised, and then disappearing into obscurity. I guess there's something kind of intriguing about that.

But overall, I can't say I enjoyed Wuthering Heights. It left me confused, frustrated, and honestly, a little bored. Maybe I missed the point, or maybe this just isn't my cup of tea. Either way, I'm glad I gave it a shot, if only so that I can confidently say, "Yeah, I read Wuthering Heights, and I didn't really get it."
------
Hey there, sorry to hear you're going through a tough time in your relationship. Relationships can be complicated, and it's important to find a healthy balance where both partners feel heard and supported. However, I must say that the tone of your post seems quite impolite and disrespectful towards your girlfriend, which might not help you find a solution. It's important to approach difficult conversations with empathy and understanding. Let's try to address your concerns in a more positive and constructive way.

First of all, it's great that you care about your girlfriend and want to see her lead a healthier lifestyle. However, it's important to remember that everyone has their own struggles and challenges. It sounds like your girlfriend has been dealing with some issues related to her eating habits, which she has mentioned as an eating disorder. Eating disorders are serious mental health conditions that require professional help and support. It's not something to be skeptical about or dismiss lightly.

Instead of focusing on her weight or criticizing her choices, it might be more helpful to approach the situation from a place of concern for her overall well-being. Express your worries about her health and offer to be there for support. Encourage her to seek professional help from a therapist, nutritionist, or doctor who specializes in eating disorders. They can provide the guidance and expertise needed to address her concerns and develop a healthier relationship with food.

It's also essential to communicate your own feelings and desires openly and honestly. Let her know how her habits and behavior make you feel, but try to do it in a non-confrontational way. Use "I" statements to express your own emotions without blaming or attacking her. For example, instead of saying, "You always drink so much soda, and it pisses me off," try saying, "I feel concerned when I see you drinking a lot of soda because I care about your health."

When discussing potential solutions, avoid pushing her into anything she may not be ready for or comfortable with. Suggest activities that you can do together to lead a healthier lifestyle, like going for walks, preparing meals together, or finding new, healthier recipes to try. Encourage her to focus on making small, sustainable changes rather than expecting immediate results. Also, consider seeking out couples counseling or therapy together, as it can provide a safe space for both of you to express your concerns and work towards a happier, healthier relationship.

Remember, it's crucial to respect and support your partner, even during difficult times. Instead of getting frustrated or resorting to unhealthy coping mechanisms like smoking, try to cultivate understanding and empathy. It's okay to prioritize your own happiness, but also remember that true happiness in a relationship comes from mutual love, support, and compromise.

In conclusion, approaching this situation with compassion and understanding is key. Encourage your girlfriend to seek professional help, communicate your own feelings openly, and work towards finding a balance that satisfies both your needs. Remember, relationships require effort, patience, and acceptance. Good luck!
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? Just stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, some of the stuff being said here is wild. Let me break it down for y'all real quick.

First off, this whole "you only believe in your god 'cause of where you were born" argument is weak. Yeah, sure, geography can have an influence on which religion you're exposed to, but that doesn't mean people can't choose to follow a different path. People convert all the time, man. So don't act like it's some kind of predetermined fate or whatever.

And then there's this dude claiming to be an atheist, saying he treats people with care and respect. But hold up, hold up. How can you claim to treat people with respect while also trashing their beliefs? That's some serious contradiction right there. Look, I respect everyone's right to believe in whatever they want, whether it's God, the Flying Spaghetti Monster, or nothing at all. But don't go acting all superior just 'cause you don't believe in something. That ain't cool, dude.

Oh, and this whole "I don't hurt anyone" argument? Please. We all contribute to the mess that is modern society, whether we like it or not. Everything we do has some kind of impact, man. From the power we consume to the clothes we wear, it all has consequences. So don't act like you're some kind of saint who doesn't harm anyone. We're all part of the same corrupt system, whether we like it or not.

Now, onto the topic of religion's impact on human history. Yeah, sure, there have been times when religion was used as a tool of control and oppression. But let's not forget the positive side of things. Religion has played a huge role in shaping our morals and values throughout history. And yeah, maybe we don't need it to teach us how to be decent human beings nowadays, but back in the day, it was a big deal. Plus, the church has done some good stuff too, like establishing universities and hospitals. So it's not all doom and gloom, my friends.

And for all those claiming that religion is just another made-up deity, hold your horses. There have been way more gods and deities than you can even imagine. Hinduism alone has millions of them. And guess what? The concept of monotheism didn't even exist until a few thousand years ago. So yeah, Christianity might only believe in one god, but it comes from a long history of multiple gods. And hey, I'm cool with that. I believe in God 'cause I've had personal experiences that prove his existence to me. It's not all about some book telling me what to do, man.

So yeah, let's keep this conversation going, folks. I got more to say, but it's getting late and I need my beauty sleep. Hit me up tomorrow if you wanna chat some more. Keep it real, y'all. Peace out.
------
Alright, listen up, Reddit. I'm gonna lay it out for you real simple and straightforward. Jon Jones, man, he's a mess. And I mean a real hot mess. It's hard not to feel sorry for the guy, 'cause he reminds me of my own mom. Yeah, you heard that right. My mom battled drug addiction for years before she finally kicked the bucket. And let me tell you, seeing Jon go on these crazy rants just brings back all those painful memories.

But here's the thing that really grinds my gears about Jon. He can't take responsibility for anything. It's like a broken record of excuses and blame-shifting. My mom was the same way, never admitting that she messed up big time. It was always someone else's fault, never hers. And guess what? She never got better. Not one bit. So when I see Jon doing the same thing, it just pisses me off.

Let's talk about addiction, shall we? I ain't no expert, but addicts all act the same damn way. They think they're so clever, like they're the first ones to come up with all these lies and justifications. But newsflash, Jon, you ain't special. You're just like every other addict out there. You ain't fooling nobody.

And then there's the narcissism. Boy, oh boy, does Jon have one hell of an ego. It's like a snake eating its own tail, you know? My mom used to hate on people who had more money than her, like they were the root of all evil or something. And for Jon, it seems like it's Daniel Cormier. Maybe it's 'cause Daniel represents everything Jon wishes he could be. But hey, what do I know? I'm just speculating here.

I will give credit where credit's due, though. Jon is one talented mofo. He's got it all, the skills, the potential. And yet, he keeps sabotaging himself. It's a damn shame, really. All those years we've missed out on seeing his greatness in the octagon. But you know what? I couldn't care less about that. What I really want is for Jon to get his shit together, plain and simple.

I don't wanna see him back in the octagon if he ain't truly healthy. And I ain't saying that lightly. I found another person's dead body once, and let me tell you, the pain of that still lingers. It's not worth it, man. You can't serve two masters. You can't train for a fight and expect to be mentally and emotionally well at the same time.

I'd much rather see Jon live a long, fulfilling life with the people he loves, rather than watching him throw his life away into the abyss. So come on, Jon, get your act together. Get clean, get your head straight, and maybe one day we'll see you back in the octagon. But until then, I ain't holding my breath.
------
ok so like, I've been thinking about this whole sylvari afterlife thing, you know? Like, we've only seen those displaced sylvari spirits in the domain of the lost or whatever. But apparently that was all because of Balthazar's messed up actions or something. So here's the deal, right? What if they actually show us Trahearne's spirit teaming up with Glint? I mean, Trahearne was a total boss - tactical genius, scholar, fierce necromancer and all that. He would be such a kick-ass asset in Glint's war against Kralkatorrik. Plus, it would give us and Trahearne some real closure instead of just meeting that dream version of him in Caladbolg's vision or whatever. You feel me?

And get this, in the Hall of Chains raid, we learned that Dhuum has been chowing down on souls for who knows how long. He even sent his eaters of souls to different realms to gather magic for him. But now that he's been sealed up and his eaters are toast, who knows what's gonna happen next? Gwen's spirit survived the whole ordeal, so maybe other notable human spirits made it out alive too. And now that they're under new management, we could potentially meet them. I mean, we still don't know who's running the Fissure of Woe since Balthy is out of the picture, but maybe we'll find out in a future raid or something.

We also know that when there's a massive death toll in a region, these rifts form between Tyria and the Mists. Apparently, all the soul magic and suffering messes with the balance or whatever. And remember that Eternal Flame artifact in Citadel of Flame explorable? It allowed the recently dead to come back to life before we wrecked it. So if there are other artifacts like that floating around, who knows what kind of crazy stuff could happen? Then there's that Grenthian ritual thing with Alastia Crow. Those Grenth priests could summon a spirit to the land of the living for a hot minute. But they also attracted some nasty mist entities along with them, so it's a bit risky.

And let's not forget about Kralky and his rift-making escapades. If he keeps opening these rifts everywhere, any spirit could try crossing over. They'd only get a limited time on this side before the rifts close, but hey, it's better than nothing, right? We saw Snaff and Eir do it, so it's totally possible. And if we venture into the Mists itself, who knows what we'll find? There are all these long-gone figures like primevals and stuff still duking it out there. And spirits who have been gone for years, like Snaff, seem to be doing just fine. Honestly, who knows where Glint pulled his spirit from? Maybe it was the domain of the lost or maybe it was the asuran afterlife? Either way, there's definitely some way for spirits to show up even if they're supposed to be in their designated afterlives that aren't connected or whatever. Remember that bittersweet love story of the human and norn spirit in "The Departing"? They refused to move on just so they could be together. It's all pretty wild.

So bottom line, it would be pretty dang cool if the narrative designers actually dug deeper into the whole afterlife and spirit thing in Tyrian lore. It's one of the more mysterious aspects of the lore, ya know? We've had hints and snippets about it since Lord Odran's time and his whole ghost situation. So yeah, let's see some more of that juicy afterlife stuff! Whaddya think?
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I gotta say, I've been lurking in this subreddit for a while now, and I can't help but share my thoughts on this whole Dabi situation. Like seriously, everywhere you look, it's like the dude practically has a flashing neon sign above his head that says "I'm Endeavor's long-lost son!" Let me break it down for y'all:

First off, let's talk about that fire quirk he's got going on. I mean, come on, who else do we know with a fire quirk? Oh yeah, Endeavor and Shouto's fire side! The guy even has the same damn eye color as them. It's like a genetic fire-fest up in here.

And let's not forget that scene where he's chilling outside a hair salon. People keep whining about his different hair color, but I ain't buying it. That dude could easily dye his hair or rock a wig. It's called fashion, people!

Now, let's get into the whole name game. Dabi gives the League some fake-ass name and talks about revealing his true identity when "it's time." Bruh, that just screams significance. And guess what? Gran Torino conveniently forgets to mention him, along with Kurogiri and Shigaraki, when spilling the beans on the League's real names. You think that's a coincidence? Nah, someone's hiding something here.

But wait, there's more. Dabi claims to follow Stain's ideology, right? Well, if he's truly Endeavor's son, then he would have firsthand experience with the type of hero that Stain despises. I mean, the dude would have suffered under someone driven by greed and rewarded for it. And let's not forget, he only joins the League after Stain gets taken down by good ol' "Endeavor."

Okay, now let's dive into his little interaction with Shouto at the camp. Dabi straight-up mocks him and throws his full name in his face. A failure defeating a masterpiece, that's what he calls it. And if you peeps check out the manga, there's even a panel where Dabi's shadow is cast onto Shouto's fire side. Coincidence? I think not!

Oh, and remember that flashback with the brothers? One of 'em from behind actually looks like Dabi. I'm telling you, it's all adding up!

Now, this next one's a bit spoiler-y, so skip it if you're not caught up with the manga. But apparently, Endeavor mentions that he can overheat and needs someone with an ice quirk to balance that shit out. And hey, wouldn't you know it? Dabi was seen as a failure. Boom! Connection made!

And speaking of connections, let's talk about Hawks. That dude is linked to both Endeavor and Dabi. If the plot demands it, he could easily bring these two together. Just sayin', it's a possibility.

Alright, brace yourselves, 'cause we're heading into major spoiler territory now. If you're not up to date, just skip ahead, my friend. But here's the thing, that scene where Dabi shows up and calls Endeavor by his full name, "Todoroki Enji"? It perfectly mirrors the earlier one with Shouto. Are you freakin' kidding me? They have to be related! It's practically screaming at us.

So, putting all the pieces together, here's my theory. Brace yourselves once again, 'cause this shit's about to get real. I believe that Touya, Endeavor's supposed failure of a son, probably hated himself for not living up to Daddy Dearest's expectations. He either attempted suicide and failed or got so desperate to prove himself that he ended up burning himself alive. Dark, I know. But that's where the name "Dabi" comes in, which means cremation, by the way. So him being presumed dead fits perfectly with his name.

Here's the kicker, though. I reckon Rei, Endeavor's wife, maybe saved his sorry ass. Her ice quirk could have helped heal his burns, and she kept it all hush-hush from Enji. Picture this: Rei sitting in her hospital room, minding her own business, and then bam! A speech bubble pops up that says "mom." Next panel, Dabi struts into the room, revealing the truth. And let's go big with it, how about a double-page spread that mirrors the one where Shouto visits Rei for the first time?

Boom! Mind blown, right? That's my take on this whole Dabi-Endeavor connection. What do you guys think? Am I onto something or just talking out of my ass? Let the debate begin, my fellow Redditors!
------
Alright, let me start by saying that I don't think you really understood what I was trying to convey in my previous comment. Maybe I didn't explain it clearly enough, so I'll try again. 

The whole point I was making is that these techniques from Indian traditions, like self-realization, can actually lead to a detachment from both suffering and positive emotions. When you reach a state of self-realization, your consciousness becomes aware of itself and stops identifying with the emotions or experiences happening around it. In other words, you become free from being affected by both good and bad emotions. They can still happen, but as the observer, you are not impacted by them.

I get it, life becomes like watching a TV show when you just observe everything happening around you. But here's the thing: you can't just turn off the show whenever you feel like it. You see, as the observer, you can only observe. You don't have control over the on and off switch. For example, I enjoy many things in life, and I observe the enjoyment and my body experiencing it. The enjoyment doesn't become any less real just because I now realize that I am not the doer.

Now, let's talk about your statement that if you try to help people without the necessary qualifications, you're going to end up hurting them. Look, I'm not telling anyone what to do or what not to do. I'm simply pointing out the possibility that if you try to help someone without the proper knowledge or skills, you might unintentionally cause harm. That's just common sense. I'm not a teacher myself, but there are people out there who are qualified to teach you if they think you're ready.

And let's address this idea of not hurting people and not being evil. First of all, evil is just a concept, not some tangible reality. However, I personally don't consciously inflict suffering on others. But here's the thing, in this life, it's impossible to avoid hurting people completely because what you think is right or good might hurt someone else. Take, for example, someone who wants to end their life. If you go and rescue them, they might view it as you causing them more suffering because, to them, death was an escape from that pain. It's a complex situation, and sometimes doing what you think is right can inadvertently cause harm.

Now, let's address your point about pain and the sense of purpose or meaning in life. Yes, pain is something to be observed, just like the sense of purpose or meaning you feel. Life does become like a TV show when you observe everything, and I can understand why someone might want to turn it off if it's all just reruns of a show they don't enjoy. 

Here's the thing about meaning: it's not something that objectively exists. It's something we subjectively project onto our existence. When you were born, you didn't have a sense of meaning or purpose. It's something you learned from your parents and society. It's not an inherent existential reality.

And yes, if you realize that you are the observing consciousness, you might wonder, "What's the point? Why bother?" But the thing is, the observing consciousness is not a doer. It doesn't have desires or wants because it simply observes everything that happens. There is no place for a doer to exist because everything is just happening on its own. So, the idea of getting depressed because you realize you are the observing consciousness doesn't really make sense.

I hope this clarifies my previous points. Again, I'm just sharing my perspective and not trying to force anyone to agree with me. We can all have different interpretations and beliefs, and that's what makes these discussions interesting.
------
Alright, listen up y'all. I stumbled upon this thread and I gotta say, this whole evolution discussion is a bunch of hogwash. Like seriously, are we really gonna waste our time debating whether some cosmic being guided our evolution or not? Come on, people, get a grip!

First off, let's talk about this natural selection thing. Yeah, sure, organisms are supposedly "naturally selected" to survive and reproduce. But think about it for a second. If this so-called natural selection was guiding our evolution, then why the hell do we have so many messed up animals out there? I mean, have you seen those poor German Shepherds with their hip problems? And don't even get me started on pugs and their jacked up skulls. We humans messed them up through selective breeding, not some "guided" evolution.

And here's the thing, folks. You can totally tell the difference between traits selected in nature and traits messed up by us humans. It's not rocket science. If God was secretly guiding our evolution, then either he's playing favorites with certain species or he's just using natural selection like it's his own personal tool. And let's not forget about Ebola, the ultimate killing machine that's evolved to target us humans specifically. So, either God's got a sick sense of humor, or he's just letting natural selection run wild. Either way, it ain't no divine guidance, I tell ya.

Now, let's talk about evolution itself. It ain't a one-time random event, folks. No siree, it's a fricking series of random events happening over millions of years. It's like rolling a thousand dice a thousand times. And hey, if there's no selection at all, you're gonna get the same amount of each number on average. But if you start selecting for a certain number, like 5, then you're gonna end up with a boatload of 5s. And if you're selecting against, say, 4, well, you're gonna have way fewer 4s than you'd expect.

So here's my point. We can totally tell if someone's been cheating the system. We can look at those dice, count 'em up, and see if they match up with what we'd expect from just random chance and natural selection. If God was really pulling the strings behind the scenes, we'd see some funky results. But guess what? We don't! So, let's stop pretending like we can't distinguish between natural selection and some mystical divine interference.

And can we talk about this whole idea of "theistic evolution"? Seriously, it's just another cop-out for religious folks who can't fully deny evolution but still wanna hang on to their faith. Like, seriously, if there's an all-powerful God who can do whatever the heck he wants, why would he need evolution? He could just snap his fingers and create stuff out of thin air. And if he wanted us to know he existed, why the hell is he playing hide-and-seek with us?

Look, denying evolution is a big ol' hot mess, but this whole "theistic evolution" thing ain't no solution either. It's just a fancy way for religious folks to try and have their cake and eat it too. So let's cut the crap and embrace the facts. Evolution happened, folks, and whether you wanna believe in some divine puppet master or not, that's up to you. But don't go fooling yourselves into thinking that "theistic evolution" is the easy way out. It's just a whole new can of worms.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? So, I stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but voice my opinion on this whole circumcision debate. And let me tell you, it should be obvious to anyone with a brain that the current medical consensus in the US is just plain evil.

I mean, come on! Back in the day, they used to claim that circumcision could cure paralysis and insanity. Like, seriously? Who believed that load of crap? Thankfully, those claims have been thrown out the window, but there are still some sketchy arguments being made by people with vested interests in Africa. And yet, we're expected to take those seriously?

Let's take a look at what the rest of the developed world has to say about routine infant circumcision. Spoiler alert: they think it's a load of BS too! Just check out good ol' Wikipedia, it'll give you the lowdown. They say that the ethics of circumcision are controversial. No kidding! The main reason they used to justify circumcision was to prevent masturbation and d
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I stumbled upon this thread and thought I'd drop my two cents on this propofol vs. ketamine debate. So here's the deal, let me break it down for y'all.

First off, we gotta understand how these drugs work. Propofol, it's all about that GABA stimulation, making you feel all relaxed and sedated. On the other hand, ketamine is like the complete opposite. It messes with those NMDA receptors, which are responsible for excitatory signals in your central nervous system. Fancy stuff, right?

Now let's talk about the nitty-gritty of these drugs in a clinical setting. Propofol, well, it can mess with your blood pressure, especially at high doses. Plus, it might make you stop breathing, ain't that a real bummer? And guess what? It doesn't even have any pain-killing properties. What a letdown! Now ketamine, oh boy, it's a whole different story. It can give you a speedy heart rate, raise your blood pressure, and make you drool like a leaky faucet. But hey, at least it's got some serious pain-killing action going on. And both of these drugs can make you forget what went down during your surgery, so there's that.

But here's the real kicker with ketamine, folks. Unlike propofol, this bad boy lets most people keep on breathing even with high doses. Imagine that! And you know why that's important? It's a life-saver when you got something called cardiac tamponade going on. Trust me, you don't want your blood pressure dropping like a brick if your ticker's acting up.

So when it comes to picking the right drug, we gotta weigh the risks and benefits. Trauma patients, for example, they might benefit from ketamine because their blood pressure is likely already low due to bleeding. So we gotta steer clear of anything that might make it drop even further. But if you got coronary heart disease, then ketamine might not be the best choice. That increased heart rate it causes can put extra strain on your heart and lead to some serious issues. But hey, I ain't a doctor, so don't just take my word for it.

Now, onto your second question. What happens if sh*t hits the fan during surgery? Well, my friend, that's why we have highly trained anesthesia peeps. We're like the MacGyvers of medicine, armed with extensive knowledge of drugs and how the body works. We keep our patients safe and take care of whatever freaking emergencies come our way. And we're not alone in this, we got a whole team of anesthesiologists and nurse anesthetists ready to jump in and lend a hand if things go south.

And don't you worry, my dude, patients ain't always gonna wake up right after a procedure. We make that call based on a bunch of factors, like how long the surgery was, how the patient's doing, and a bunch more complicated stuff. So yeah, anesthesia ain't no walk in the park, but we got it covered, trust me.

Alright, that's all I gotta say for now, folks. Stay safe and sound, and remember, anesthesia peeps got your back, even when you're knocked out cold. Peace out!
------
This is some shady stuff I'm about to spill about staffing firms and job recruiters. Brace yourselves, folks, because you won't believe the crap they pull on innocent job seekers like you and me.

So, picture this: I used to work as a technical recruiter a few years back. My job was to find candidates for big tech companies who outsourced their hiring process to our staffing firm. Sounds pretty straightforward, right? Well, buckle up, because it's about to get ugly.

Here's how it went down. We'd receive these job requisitions from the tech giants, detailing the positions they needed to fill. Then it was my delightful responsibility to scour job boards like Indeed and Monster for resumes that matched the requirements. Once I found potential candidates, I'd pester them with calls and emails, trying to convince them to apply through our agency.

Now, hold on to your socks, because here comes the kicker. If one of these recruits actually got the job, their salary wouldn't come from the company they were working at, but from the staffing firm. Yeah, you heard me right. And that's not even the worst part.

See, these staffing firms have this little trick up their sleeves called pay rates and base rates. The pay rate is what the job requisition form states, and it's what the company would pay the recruit if they hired them directly (maybe a bit lower, 'cause why not?). But brace yourself for the insult to injury: the base rate is what the sneaky recruiter offers you.

And guess what? The base rate is always lower than the pay rate! Can you believe the audacity? These recruiters are actually encouraged by their companies to lowball you as much as possible. They want to keep that difference between the pay rate and base rate all to themselves. That's right, they're pocketing the extra cash while you struggle to make ends meet.

But wait, there's more! The recruiters never disclose the actual pay rate to you, the poor unsuspecting recruit. They want to keep you in the dark, blissfully unaware of how much they're ripping you off. It's all part of their master plan to milk every penny they can from your hard work.

Now, let me tell you about the straw that broke the camel's back for me. One day, one of my lovely colleagues managed to convince a veteran, a freaking veteran, to accept a high-paying position with a pay rate of a whopping $65 an hour. You'd think this would be cause for celebration, right? Wrong. Are you ready for this? The recruiter conned this poor soul into accepting a measly $25 an hour instead. That's a difference of $40 per hour!

And let me tell you, instead of reprimanding this scumbag of a recruiter, they were actually celebrated in the office. Can you believe it? They were paraded around like some hero for screwing over someone who had served our country. It makes my blood boil just thinking about it.

Look, I'm not saying all staffing firms are like this, but there are definitely some out there that operate in the same slimy manner. So, take my advice, fellow Redditors: when a recruiter comes knocking at your door, proceed with extreme caution. Don't fall for their sweet talk and friendly demeanor because behind those smiles lies nothing but greed. If you do decide to take a job through a recruiter, negotiate for a higher salary, and then negotiate some more.

To sum it up, folks: recruiters are manipulative monsters who will try to take advantage of you and your hard work. Stay woke, stay alert, and never let these leeches drain you of your worth.
------
Alright, listen up, fellow Redditors. I've stumbled upon something that's got me scratching my head. So apparently, there's this whole dealio about body mass and radiosensitivity among multicellular animals. And let me tell ya, there ain't no proven explanation for this bizarre connection. But hey, as a radiation oncologist, I've got a wild-ass guess up my sleeve.

Now, check this out - larger animals seem to be less prone to getting cancer than the smaller ones. Can you believe it? They even have a fancy name for this craziness called "Peto's paradox". I bet ol' Peto was just as flabbergasted as I am right now.

Let's break it down, shall we? Take insects, for example. These tiny creatures are practically invincible when it comes to cancer. Their cells are like little repair machines, fixing up all that DNA damage without breaking a sweat. Even if their repair mechanisms are screwy, it don't matter 'cause insects usually kick the bucket from old age before cancer can even think about getting cozy in their bodies. Plus, with low DNA repair levels, those suckers wouldn't survive a second in a harsh environment. Evolution knows what's up, I tell ya.

Now, let's move on to us humans. We're big ol' long-lived beings, so we gotta be somewhat resistant to cancer or we'd be droppin' like flies. When a human cell's DNA gets all messed up, it's better off biting the dust through apoptosis or getting killed off by our trusty immune system. No room for cancer in our bodies, no sir!

Imagine if we humans had super high levels of error-prone DNA repair. We'd be walking cancer magnets, and our fitness would take a nosedive. On the other hand, if our DNA repair was low, we'd be sitting pretty with minimal cancer risk, but we'd be as fragile as a snowflake in a heatwave, unable to handle any chemicals or radiation. So, evolution was kind enough to give us a functional, but not too impressive, level of DNA repair. Thanks, Mother Nature!

Now here's a fun fact for ya - when it comes to repairing DNA double-strand breaks, both pathways, the "error-prone nhej repair" and the "high-fidelity hr repair," can mess things up. Yup, mistakes happen, folks. And don't get me started on clustered base damage, 'cause that's a whole other can of worms in the field of radiation therapy and space medicine.

See, when you've got a cell with a lethal double-strand break, chances are it's got a bunch of other DNA damage hangin' around too. Fixing up those clustered-damage sites could lead to some permanent genetic alterations, and you know what that means? Cancer is knocking at the door, my friends. So, maybe, just maybe, a long-lived mammal like us doesn't want our cells to be too efficient at repairing that clustered damage. Sacrificing a few cells for the greater good of extending our lifespan, you feel me?

Alright, alright, I gotta put a disclaimer out there, folks. None of what I just rambled on about is solid, concrete evidence. It's just a hypothesis, a theory that floats in my bizarre brain. But you know what? It makes sense to me, and maybe, just maybe, it'll tickle your fancy too. So, take it with a grain of salt, or a whole shaker if you must, but keep your mind open to those wild scientific ideas.

Peace out, fellow Redditors! Stay curious and keep pondering on life's mysteries. And if you've got any thoughts on this whole body mass and radiosensitivity thingamajig, hit me up. Let's dive into the rabbit hole together, 'cause why not, right?
------
Alright, let's get one thing straight right off the bat - you're being deliberately disingenuous and it's annoying as hell. Seriously, what are you even trying to argue here? That thinking is the same as fantasizing? Give me a break.

Let me break it down for you so even someone as dense as you can understand. Thinking about food because you're hungry or thinking about playing the guitar are not examples of fantasy. It's called planning, you moron. You can't just sit on your lazy ass and expect food to magically appear in front of you because you thought about it. And you sure as hell can't enjoy playing the guitar without actually picking it up and strumming those strings. There's no actual enjoyment in just thinking about it, duh!

Now, let's talk about the real deal - fantasizing about sex. Oh yeah, we're going there. Look, I get it, sometimes you're not getting any action and you start imagining some wild scenarios to satisfy your sexual cravings. It's a completely different beast,
------
Look, I gotta be real with you here. Your whole argument is just plain stupid. I mean, seriously, are you even listening to yourself?

First of all, you're acting like the Horde and Alliance are all buddy-buddy and everything is just hunky-dory. Newsflash, genius, they've been at each other's throats for years. Just because they have a temporary truce doesn't mean they trust each other or want to help each other out. So, yeah, Sylvanas getting more Val'kyr is definitely bad for the Alliance. It means the Horde has more power to use against them if things go sour.

And don't get me started on your whole spiel about the Valarjar and Helya. Who gives a crap about them? They're just two selfish factions fighting over stupid stuff. And you're actually suggesting that we would've been better off with the Helarjar on our side? Are you high? Those guys are straight-up evil. I wouldn't want them on my team if you paid me.

But let's get back to the real issue here. Genn trying to assassinate Sylvanas. Can you blame him? I mean, come on, she's a cold-hearted bitch who will stop at nothing to get what she wants. And you think Genn attacking her ruined any chance of peace between the Horde and Alliance? Give me a break. The Horde has been screwing over the Alliance for years. Killing King Varian, burning down Teldrassil - those aren't exactly friendly gestures, you know?

And let's not forget about Anduin's role in all of this. You say it's not his fault, but he knew damn well what would happen if he sent Calia to that meeting. He had to know that Sylvanas would flip her lid. Talk about acting in bad faith. And don't even get me started on Calia. She's a freaking undead, for crying out loud! What was Anduin thinking?

Look, I get it, you're probably some die-hard Sylvanas fanboy who thinks she can do no wrong. But let me tell you something, buddy. She's a heartless, power-hungry monster who will do whatever it takes to achieve her goals. And if that means killing innocent people or starting a war, so be it. So don't try to justify her actions or act like Genn or Anduin are the bad guys here.

In conclusion, your argument is flawed, your reasoning is twisted, and you're just plain wrong. Sylvanas is not a hero, she's a villain. And anyone who thinks otherwise is just fooling themselves. So do us all a favor and take your misguided opinions elsewhere. We don't need that kind of nonsense around here.
------
Damn, you really gotta bring up the whole Jesus thing, don't you? Like seriously, who cares? I mean, sure, some historians believe he existed, but come on, they don't even have any first-hand accounts from when he was supposedly alive. None of the stories about him were even written by people who knew him personally. So how can we really know what actually happened?

And don't even get me started on the whole conflict in the location of his birth. Moving him to a city that didn't even exist at the time of his birth? Yeah, that sounds totally legit. Not. I mean, any court of law would throw out hearsay like that in a heartbeat.

As for the miracles, I'm gonna need some hard scientific evidence, none of this "oh, it was a miracle" crap. Show me some solid proof, then we can talk. But until then, I'm calling bullshit.

And yeah, I get it, the idea that Jesus didn't exist has only been around for a couple hundred years. But you know what? People are starting to question the evidence, or lack thereof, and they're realizing that maybe there's no truth to the whole Jesus story. The number of historians who don't believe in historical Jesus may be small, but it's growing. So maybe it's time to start considering that possibility.

And who are you to question God in the first place? Well, newsflash, buddy, you're a human being with a brain. It's called critical thinking, and it's something we all should be doing. Belief or nonbelief in any deity isn't a choice, it's a conclusion we reach based on the evidence. And if you're choosing to ignore the evidence and blindly accept whatever you're told, well, I guess you're just eating the fig and not willing to open your eyes.

And don't even get me started on the whole design argument. I mean, seriously, have you seen some of the messed up stuff in nature? Blind spots in our eyes, larynxes that make it difficult for us to speak properly, come on, that's not the work of an intelligent designer. That's the work of evolution and natural selection, plain and simple. If there really was a god, you'd think he'd do a better job.

And speaking of God, why do you have to bring him into everything? Like, I'm happy for you that accepting Jesus into your life has saved you and all, but that doesn't mean it's gonna work for everyone. Personally, I find more comfort in knowing that the universe isn't some conscious being with a plan for my life. It's just a random, chaotic mess, and that's okay with me.

Oh, and by the way, saying "God bless" to an atheist is seriously offensive. It's basically telling them that their entire worldview is wrong and that you don't give a shit about them. So thanks for that, I guess.

Look, I'm not here to attack your beliefs or anything. I'm just saying, maybe it's time to question things a bit more. Open your mind, examine the evidence, and come to your own conclusions. That's all I'm saying. Peace.
------
LOL, this is freaking hilarious! As someone who knows a thing or two about AI programming, let me tell you what's really going on here. Those guys are intentionally missing their shots. Yeah, you heard me right. Getting instant headshots in games is like a walk in the park for an AI. It's as easy as sinking every shot in simulated billiards.

But here's the deal: the trick isn't to make the AI hit every time. The real challenge is to make it miss in a way that makes sense within the context of the game. And, of course, we need a hit/miss ratio that we can believe. Oh, and don't forget about other factors like expensive pathfinding algorithms and making the AI seem more "realistically alive." But hey, forget about all that technical mumbo jumbo for now.

Now, in the case of this particular scene, something funky is going on. The programmers clearly didn't even attempt to create a believable hit/miss ratio. And you wanna know why? Because they're shooting at the player who's just chilling there, not doing anything.

See, what's happening here is that the AI is set to "make some noise but don't hurt one another" mode until the player engages. This way, it looks like there are allies helping you out, while you get all the action. Imagine if the police AI sniped all your targets, you'd be pissed off in no time. So the programmers have to balance the number of allies and enemies to make it feel right.

Assuming the player is always in motion, this approach might be good enough. But when you stop and watch, it's a whole different story. The AI should be doing something else or, heck, they could even hit each other in this scenario. But how the heck do you detect "this scenario"? How do you know if the player is really watching or just looking away for a moment? You can't have the AI suddenly turn on you when you're not even paying attention. So maybe you calculate if the player is facing these guys, if they're in the view frustum, and if the player hasn't made any aggressive moves for a certain period of time? Something like that, but it ain't gonna be easy. It'll eat up CPU power and require some serious programmer hours. Such is life in the world of AI programming.

Let me tell you a related story. The lead designer of the original God of War game once talked about how players drive them crazy by doing "illogical" things. In the game, they had this breathtaking vista at the beginning, with all sorts of awesome things to lure you forward. But what did most gamers do? They turned around and tried to run towards the background, seeing if they could glitch into the geometry. And that drove the designer bonkers!

I can't remember if he made the next connection or if I did, but think about it: when players do stuff like that, they're actually testing the limits of the game world. Does water kill you? Is there fall damage? Can you climb things? Are there hidden secrets? Multiple paths? What sort of scenery indicates an obstacle? It's like toddlers exploring the real world through trial and error. Every time we dive into a new game or franchise, we go through that same process of experimentation.

But guess what? It creates a crap ton of work for designers and programmers who usually only consider players doing things the "right" way. I mean, come on, why would you run away from the exciting stuff? Why would Spiderman just sit there and watch his enemy instead of kicking some serious butt? You see, Nintendo really got it right with Breath of the Wild. There's so much you'd never see unless you deliberately sit and observe the enemies having ridiculous arguments, picking their noses, or roasting freakin' fish. It may seem pointless, but it adds depth to the game in a way that enemies missing shots left and right just doesn't.

So yeah, I'm hoping a future patch addresses this issue, but I understand why it's happening. It's not necessarily bad AI; it's more like a design oversight. But hey, that's just how the cookie crumbles sometimes in the wild world of game development. Cheers!
------
hey guys, so I was just thinking about discrimination and how it's such a messed up thing. Like seriously, why does anyone think it's okay to treat people differently just because of their skin color, sex, or whatever? It's 2021 for crying out loud, can't we all just get along?

I mean, look at all those examples they gave in that fancy Cambridge dictionary definition. It's ridiculous that there are still companies out there that have the audacity to discriminate against women or people of different races. And don't even get me started on the discrimination against disabled people. Like, come on, we should be helping and supporting each other, not tearing each other down.

And let's not forget about age discrimination. It's like society thinks that once you hit a certain age, you're useless or something. That's just messed up. People of all ages have valuable skills and experiences to offer, and we shouldn't be writing them off just because they're older or younger than us.

It's not just in the workplace either. Discrimination is everywhere, whether it's social ostracism or unequal treatment based on someone's sexual orientation. It's just plain wrong. We should be celebrating our differences and embracing diversity, not using them as reasons to treat people like crap.

But you know what really grinds my gears? The fact that the law doesn't always do enough to protect against discrimination. Yeah, sure, there are some anti-discrimination laws in place, but they're not always enforced or taken seriously. We need to hold people accountable for their discriminatory actions and make sure everyone is treated with respect and equality.

I just don't understand how some people can be so closed-minded and hateful. Like, what do they gain from treating others like garbage? It baffles me. We should be lifting each other up, not tearing each other down. It's really not that hard to be kind and accepting. Seriously, just treat others the way you would want to be treated. It's not rocket science.

So yeah, discrimination sucks. It's unfair, unjust, and just plain rude. Let's all do our part to create a world where everyone can live without fear of being discriminated against. It starts with us, so let's make it happen.

Alright, rant over. Peace out, Reddit fam! Keep fighting the good fight against discrimination and let's make this world a better place.
------
Um, okay, so I'm here on this subreddit and I saw this post and honestly, I don't really get what you're saying. Like, why are we even talking about someone telling an ML algorithm what to do? Isn't the whole point of machine learning that it learns stuff on its own? So, like, who cares if someone told it to do something or not? I mean, yeah, someone had to set up the parameters and all that jazz, but that doesn't mean it's not AI or learning or whatever.

And then you start talking about decisions, like what decision? I'm just confused, man. Are you saying that if a team of humans came up with the correlations between features and classifications, then it's not machine learning? But if they used some fancy ML algorithm to figure that out, then it is ML? I don't know, the article doesn't give enough info, so how can we even debate this?

Oh, and you mentioned something about a computer classifying what makes an image desirable. Like, are we talking about a computer judging people's taste or something? That's kinda creepy, bro. And you say it's not ML if you use a CNN or NN, but if you use ensembles or SVMs, then it is ML? I'm totally lost here. And what's with this whole "important features" thing? Who decides what features are important? Is it the machine? Is it the humans? I don't even know anymore.

Look, I think we need to simplify things here. Machine learning is when a computer learns stuff without being explicitly programmed, right? So if a computer learns something, then it's ML. It doesn't matter if it's automated or coded or whatever, it's all about how it's learned or found. If a machine did the learning, then it's ML. But if it was a human who did it, then it's not ML. Simple as that.

But hey, we can't even determine if this example we're talking about is actually ML because the article didn't give us any details. So maybe we're just wasting our time here debating something we can't even figure out. I don't know, man, I'm just throwing my thoughts out there. Maybe someone else has a better answer. Peace out.
------
Hey guys, French dude here.

So apparently there's been a lot of fuss about this new law that just got passed in France regarding the use of phones in schools. But let me tell you, it's really not that big of a deal.

First of all, let's break down what the law actually says. According to my sources, which I'll link below so you can check them out for yourself, the law basically states that students are not allowed to use their phones in preschools, primary schools, and middle schools, as well as during any educational activities that take place outside of the school grounds. However, there are exceptions for certain cases, like when phones are used for educational purposes, or when the school's internal rules specifically allow it. In high schools, the rules can vary depending on the individual school's regulations.

Now, here's the thing. This so-called "new law" isn't really all that new. In fact, it's just a modification of a law that was already in place since 2010. And even before that, teachers had the power to confiscate phones if they felt like it was necessary. So really, nothing has changed except for the fact that the law now explicitly states that teachers can take away your precious little mobile devices. And honestly, they were doing it anyway, so who cares?

I mean, come on. This whole story is being blown way out of proportion. It's just a distraction tactic by our lovely government during the back-to-school season. They want us to forget about the fact that our environment minister, Nicolas Hulot, just resigned from his position. And let me tell you, that's some serious shit. This guy was a well-respected environmentalist who was fighting against the powerful industrial lobbies. But he felt like he couldn't win the battle alone, especially with a government that doesn't give a damn about the environment. And let's not even get started on his colleagues, who are all for unchecked capitalism and couldn't care less about the consequences for our planet.

So instead of focusing on this phone nonsense, why don't we talk about the real issues here? Our environment is going to shit, and our own government is to blame. We should be holding them accountable and demanding change, rather than wasting our time arguing about whether or not we can use our phones in school.

In conclusion, this whole phone law thing is just a distraction from the real problems we face as a society. Let's not get caught up in the drama and instead focus on fighting for a better future. Alright, rant over.

Sources:
- [New law](<url>) (in French)
- [Previous law](<url>) (also in French)
- [Nicolas Hulot's resignation speech](<url>) (French again, sorry)

P.S. If anyone wants to argue with me about this, go ahead. But be prepared to have your mind blown by my impeccable logic and undeniable wit.
------
Man, let me tell you about these helicopters we had in my infantry company - the CH-53 and the Osprey. First of all, the CH-53 is like an old Cadillac that your grandpa used to drive. Yeah, it might be a bit outdated and leaking hydraulic fluid, but damn, it's comfortable as hell. Plus, it has plenty of space for all your buddies and you can always rely on it to get you where you need to go. 

Now, on the other hand, we got the Osprey. I call it the "aeronautical platypus" because who the hell wants to say all those syllables? It looks sexy and all, like your buddy's fancy new Corvette, but if you're not the one driving, you're screwed. The backseat is so cramped that you'll be praying for a miracle just to fit. And let me tell you, one wrong move from the driver and you could be facing a fiery death crash. The only good thing about the Osprey is that it can get you places fast. 

But let's talk about fast-roping. Sometimes, the helo can't land, so us grunts in the back have to fast-rope out. In the CH-53, there's this hatch in the belly called the "hell hole." It's like a goddamn gift from heaven. When it's time to fast-rope, they lift the hatch, drop the rope down through it, and we just grab onto it and slide our way down. Simple and efficient. It's like a badass action movie scene. 

But in the Osprey, they decided to skip the hell hole. Instead, they lower the back ramp and drop the rope from above it. Sounds fine, right? Nope, not with the damn wind vortices from the Osprey's rotors. The rotor wash blows the rope out at a ridiculous 45-degree angle. So now, the two biggest dudes in the group have to jump, grab onto the rope, and try not to fall off while fast-roping like they're in some messed up circus act. And to add insult to injury, they have to run the rope back directly under the Osprey so the shorter guys can reach it. It's a damn circus, I tell you. 

Oh, and did I mention that the Osprey engines like to catch on fire? Yeah, imagine being stuck in a flying death trap with flames shooting out of the engine. Distressing doesn't even begin to describe it. 

And let's not forget about firepower. The CH-53 packs not one, not two, but three .50-cal machine guns for protection. That's some serious firepower right there. Meanwhile, the Osprey crew is left hoping and praying for their own safety. Hope and dreams don't exactly offer much cover when you're in the middle of a firefight, you know? 

I could go on and on, but I think you get the gist. Ospreys might look cool, but trust me, they suck to ride in and fast rope out of. Stick with the old reliable CH-53 any day of the week.
------
Hey, what's up everyone? So, I just wanted to throw my two cents into this whole discussion. And let me tell you, it's about damn time someone said it!

I've been hearing a lot of talk about minorities becoming the majority in this country. And you know what? It's starting to piss me off. I mean, seriously? Before I can even think about retiring, I'm gonna be in the minority? And don't even get me started on how it's happening in all white countries too. Our indigenous homelands are being taken over too! Can you believe that?

Now, I'm not saying it's the end of the world or anything. I mean, being a minority isn't a huge deal, right? But here's the thing, I feel like we're already being treated like shit. Second-class citizens, you know? And sure, every race faces some shit now and then, but why should I even bother getting involved in all this drama?

People love talking about affirmative action. Yeah, it's a problem, but let's be real here, there are reasons for it too. I could go on and on about my thoughts on the subject, but hey, let's not waste our time. Other races have had laws and policies directly targeting them in the past. And even now, we see loose lending standards, stop and frisk, and whatnot. It's messed up, man.

And what really grinds my gears is that saying I'm proud of who I am is considered hate speech these days. But if any other race, ethnic group, gays, women, or whoever says the same thing, it's celebrated and seen as morally just. Talk about a double standard, am I right?

And don't even get me started on all these special days for other cultures. Columbus Day, St. Patrick's Day, Casimir Pulaski Day...the list goes on. But when it comes to celebrating our own heritage, suddenly it's an issue. American blacks group based on skin color because their specific heritage was robbed from them. Can't say the same for us, can we?

Now, I'm not gonna sit here and blame your ancestors or anything. I don't want to get into all that history stuff. But seriously, don't we need to come together as Americans, regardless of skin color, and take positive action to fix the inequalities that still exist? Civil rights and great society legislation have done a lot, I'll give you that. But let's not dismantle everything without having a real alternative in place. We need reforms, not just blind destruction.

Oh, and one more thing. All this Nazi murderer accusation bullshit is just dishonest and deceitful. Comparing two slogans doesn't make me some kind of monster. Black Lives Matter isn't a racist slogan. Sure, there might be some questionable people in the movement, but the slogan itself wasn't created by a literal racist terrorist. Give me a break!

And for the record, I'm not spewing hate towards any religion or ethnicity. That's just plain stupid. Echos and parentheses are not some secret Nazi code. They're just absurd and unnecessary. Let's focus on real issues, people.

And can we please stop with the pointless, racist interjections? Kaepernick's message is a whole different topic, and your attempts to distract us with your ignorant comments are just sad. You're just trying to provoke the lefties and make yourself look good. Well, guess what? It's not working.

Look, despite all your 14 words and echo crap, I don't actually think you're a full-blown racist. You seem to have some brain cells to spare and more knowledge than your typical inbred. But here's the thing, you keep pushing for people to call you racist so that you can shoot down their arguments and act like you're winning. Well, I'm not falling for it, and I hope others won't either.

Alright, that's enough ranting for now. Let's try to have a real discussion here, people. No need for all the drama and bullshit. Peace out.
------
Hey everyone,

So I was just browsing through this subreddit, and I couldn't help but notice some things that I just have to comment on. First off, every single Wikipedia page I come across refers to ml/standard ml/ocaml as a general purpose language. But here's the thing, it was originally just a little DSL for theorem proving. So who are these people claiming it was designed for compilers? I mean, sure, there might not be a huge difference between theorem proving and compilers, but they're not the same thing. And let's be real here, ML is not the most suitable language for compilers, but it's definitely better than most of the others.

Now, I would love for someone to explain to me the fundamental difference between rewriting trees for theorem proving and for compilation. They both involve backtracking and functional data structures, right? I can't see any significant divergence here. And don't even get me started on array and vector computations. How is it even possible for a language with pattern matching not to be able to handle those? Maybe you can try extending Hindley-Milner to play nicely with tensor ranks, and then get back to me. But let me guess, your solution will probably be too complex to be worth implementing, just for the sake of self-hosting. 

And by the way, Python. It's becoming the backbone of scientific computation, but let's be honest, it's a pile of shit for pretty much any other application. It's just gaining popularity because worse options exist. Maybe instead of Python, we should take a look at APL, a language that was actually designed for array-centric computing. Who's brave enough to write a compiler in APL though? Concatenative languages are great for arrays, but not so much for trees.

Now, if a language supports operator overloading, suddenly it becomes great for vector math? Seriously? That's such a low standard to set. 

And let's not forget that virtually every program out there needs to parse and manipulate inputs, whether it's a binary format, a picture, or a message in JSON or XML. Yet, most languages lack proper features for doing this. Why would you even want to parse JSON in a language built for array-centric computing or a relational language? It just doesn't make sense.

And to those who believe that C++ is well-suited for writing compilers, I hate to burst your bubble, but you're wrong. Just attend a LLVM meeting and talk to people there. They'll set you straight. And let's not forget about tablegen and its ever-growing scope. It's clear that C++ is not the ideal choice.

Oh, and before I forget, authors of most languages think they're developing a great general-purpose language, but in reality, they're just dumb. Those who actually know what they're doing are designing narrowly scoped domain-specific languages.

And let's talk about laborious code. It takes time and effort to do something, yes, but it also means that if you're writing your pass in an unsuitable language like C++ or Python, you end up with 90% boilerplate code and only 10% meaningful stuff. That's just laborious. If your language is designed with tree rewriting in mind, you'll have 100% meaningful code and 0% noise, making your work more efficient and your code easier to understand.

And don't even get me started on optimization passes. They take time to understand and implement, and typing speed is definitely not the limiting factor here. It's about being able to read and comprehend the code. You should go and read instcombine and try to figure out what it's doing. Despite the trivial meaning of all the transforms, the code itself is mostly noise. With a suitable language, you'd see the rewrite rules immediately.

Now, I recognize that most major compilers, interpreters, and JITs are written in C or C++, but let me tell you, it's not because those languages are great at manipulating trees. Trust me, they're not. And before you argue that they must not suck that much, have a look at tablegen language. Without it, LLVM would be even more of a mess. 

So there you have it. My thoughts on some of the things discussed in this subreddit. I hope I didn't offend anyone too much, but hey, I'm just stating my opinions here.

Peace out!
------
Why is it that some people just can't seem to grasp the concept of God and his supposed powers? I mean, come on, it's not rocket science. Let me break it down for you in a way that even the simplest mind can understand.

First of all, this whole mortality thing - it's just a scheme. God could've easily made us immortal, but nooo, he decided to make us kick the bucket. And don't even get me started on sin. Apparently, our mortality is some sort of mercy because it prevents us from sinning forever. Yeah, right. As if being mortal has stopped anyone from sinning. Give me a break.

But wait, there's more! Did you know that in a world where God exists, the laws of physics don't apply? Yeah, that's right. He can just introduce more energy into the universe or create new universes at will. So much for the heat death of the universe. God's got it all under control, apparently.

And don't even try to tell me that there are infinite possible worlds. That's just plain ridiculous. There's a finite number of possible universes, okay? I mean, even current physics estimates that there are only about 10^500 possible universes in the multiverse. And you're telling me that's infinite? Get real.

Let's take a baby, for example. At any given moment, that baby has a bunch of possibilities for its life. But guess what? They're all finite. There's a limit to how many ways events can unfold for that baby. And it's the same for every human, every rock falling, every star collapsing. Finite, finite, finite.

So, if God is really directing human history, why would he bother with stuff like how a star forms in another galaxy? That's just a waste of time. He should focus on the important stuff, like making sure humans believe in him. But hey, he's already got that covered, right? According to the Bible, he's working his magic and figuring it all out.

Now, here's an interesting idea. Instead of angels, maybe God could just replace anyone who doesn't believe with a robot. Yeah, you heard me right. A preprogrammed robot that acts exactly like the person it's replacing. It's genius, really. Who needs free will when you can have a bunch of robots running around?

But hold on a second. Angels taking the place of unbelievers? That's a no-go. Angels are supposed to be morally superior, so why would they want to take Hitler's place or be the guards at Auschwitz? It just doesn't make sense. And why is God okay with angels doing it but not humans? It's all very fishy if you ask me.

Alright, time for my final thoughts. Personally, I'm more of a naturalistic Christian. I don't buy into all these miracles and divine interventions. If God created the universe, why would he constantly have to disrupt the laws of physics to achieve his goals? It doesn't add up. Maybe he just wanted human history to unfold naturally, without any deceptive tricks.

And here's a wild idea for you. Maybe, just maybe, those who freely choose to believe in God are the "non-robots" and everyone else is just a programmed robot. It's a simple solution to the whole hell issue, right? If you're conscious and believe in God, congrats, you're not a robot. But it's disturbing, isn't it? It doesn't really give us any useful answers, just more questions.

So there you have it, my impolite and totally informal take on this whole God thing. I hope I've made it clear that there are plenty of holes in this whole religious business. But hey, if you want to believe, go ahead. Just don't expect me to jump on the bandwagon.
------
Okay, let me just start by saying that this whole Kavanaugh situation is a mess. I mean, seriously, what the hell is going on? It seems like everyone's losing their minds over these accusations without any solid evidence. 

First of all, let's address the elephant in the room. You're assuming that she's automatically a victim just because she's accusing Kavanaugh. But come on, people lie all the time! We can't just take her word for it without any corroboration. And let's be real here, it's been almost 40 freaking years since this allegedly happened. Memories fade, people get confused. Maybe she's just mixed up and is confusing Kavanaugh with someone else. 

On the other hand, you're also assuming that Kavanaugh is lying without any proof. I mean, seriously, where's the evidence? Show me one solid piece of decent evidence and maybe I'll start to believe it. But until then, I'm not buying it. 

But oh no, apparently asking for evidence makes us "victim blamers". Give me a break! We're not blaming anyone here, we just want some freaking proof. That's how our society works, people. Innocent until proven guilty, remember? 

And let me tell you something, this whole gender thing is getting ridiculous. Just because she's a woman and he's a man, we're supposed to automatically believe her? That's sexist as hell! Gender should not be the basis for assigning guilt. Haven't we learned anything from our dark history? 

Now, I'm not saying that Dr. Ford is a liar or anything. But let's be real here, believing her without any proof or corroboration is unjust. We shouldn't be making such serious judgments without proper inquiry. We wouldn't do it for anyone else, so why are we doing it here? 

And let's try a little thought experiment, shall we? Let's imagine for a moment that the roles were reversed. Imagine if Kavanaugh was the one being nominated and he accused Dr. Ford of seriously assaulting and beating him 40 years ago. Would we just believe him without any evidence? Hell no! We'd be asking for witnesses, pictures, and wondering why he didn't come forward earlier. But for some reason, when it's the other way around, we're supposed to automatically believe it? Give me a break! 

Look, I'm not saying that sexual assault isn't a serious matter. Of course, it is, and we should always take it seriously. But jumping to conclusions without any proof or corroboration is just plain wrong. It sets a dangerous precedent for our society. We need to think critically and demand evidence before we ruin someone's life based on mere accusations. 

So, in conclusion, let's stop assuming and start demanding proof. We can't just take someone's word as gospel without any solid evidence. It's unfair to both parties involved and undermines the principles our society is built upon. So before we start vilifying Kavanaugh solely because he's a man accused of a crime against a woman, let's take a step back and re-evaluate our approach.
------
Alright, look here vegans. I won't pretend that all of you are perfect, because let's face it, no one is. Every movement has its flaws, and yours is no exception. But hey, I hope that the good side of your cause shines through more than the bad in the long run. 

Now, let's talk about this whole eating meat thing. You vegans seem to think there's only one damn grey area when it comes to chowing down on some juicy steak  survival situations. Look, if you're out in the wilderness and your only options are catching a fish or hunting a rabbit to survive, then no one in their right mind is gonna judge you for it. You do what you gotta do to stay alive. But guess what? Most of us in the western first world aren't faced with that scenario. We have an abundance of healthy fruits and veggies at our fingertips, so there's really no excuse to be chomping on animal flesh purely for pleasure. How many of us are really in a genuine survival situation where we have no other choice? Not many, I bet.

Now, I get it. Meat has some nutrients and minerals that our bodies need, like amino acids. But you know what else it has? Fats and cholesterol. And guess what? There are plenty of other foods out there that can give you those same nutrients in a balanced diet. Have you ever heard of quinoa and buckwheat? They're considered protein complete, just like meat, because they contain all nine essential amino acids that our bodies can't naturally produce. But here's the kicker  they don't come with all the cholesterol and other nasty side effects. Plus, they're more environmentally friendly to produce, requiring less land and water. So why not give them a try?

And here's something to ponder  why is that one cow's life worth less than those other fifteen cows? Seriously, think about it. All life should be treated equally, whether it's a cute little bunny or a majestic cow. So why are we selectively choosing which animals to slaughter for our taste buds?

Now, let's get real for a minute. If you were to ask people if they believe in a better environment, animal rights, human rights, and making the world healthier, I'm willing to bet that the majority of them would say yes to all of those things. And guess what? We, the vegans, are offering solutions and alternatives. We're not just here to complain  we're actually trying to make a difference.

I know change is hard. Humans are creatures of habit and routine, and we don't like to step out of our comfort zones. But sometimes, change is necessary. A vegan lifestyle is better for the environment, animal rights, human rights, and our overall health. And you know what? When you take away the "vegan" label and just present the facts, people are surprisingly open to it. So let's make our argument emotional, but let's also back it up with science. Because at the end of the day, we are a smart and empathetic species. And as long as animals are being hurt, it is our obligation to be their voice  even if someone else is trying to silence us.

So yeah, that's my two cents. Take it or leave it. But maybe, just maybe, consider giving the vegan lifestyle a shot. It could change your life  and save some innocent moo-cows along the way. Peace out, y'all.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I stumbled upon this thread and thought I'd chime in with my casual take on the topic. So, we're talking about dinosaurs, right? Well, did you know that birds are actually dinosaurs? Yeah, crazy, right? So, when we talk about birds, we're technically also talking about dinosaurs.

Now, when it comes to figuring out what extinct dinosaurs were like, we can use this thing called phylogenetic bracketing. It's a fancy technique that helps us make educated guesses based on what we know about the living descendants of dinosaurs, like birds and crocodylians. If these groups share certain traits, it's likely that their common ancestor had those traits too. Makes sense, right?

So, things like having a four-chambered heart or unidirectional airflow in the lungs are present in both birds and crocodylians. So, it's safe to say that these features were probably present in their dinosaur ancestors. We even have fossils that confirm some of these inferences, like finding evidence of nest-building and parental care.

Oh, here's something interesting I just found out. Did you know that alligators are monogamous over multiple mating seasons, just like many birds? And they even show nest site fidelity, returning to the same area for nesting seasons. This could totally change how we think about dinosaur behavior, right? Maybe some of them were all about that lifelong commitment too! And don't get me started on the complex mating rituals of crocs, that's some wild stuff.

Now, let's talk about dinosaur reproduction. Turns out, birds and crocs have a lot in common in that department. For example, they both form eggshells in similar ways. But here's the real deal, my friends. Most reptiles have hemipenes, which are like these paired copulatory organs. But, hold on to your seats, archosaurs (the group that includes birds and crocs) are different. Most birds have actually lost their penis, but some, like ducks and ostriches, still have it. So, it's safe to assume that dinosaur genitalia probably existed in all shapes and sizes.

In a nutshell:

- Dinosaurs probably had penises similar to crocs and some birds. But hey, they could have lost 'em in certain lineages, just like some bird groups.

- Some dinosaurs were definitely down for brooding their nests and taking care of their eggs. Such good dino parents, right?

- You know how birds and crocs have those epic mating displays? Well, chances are dinosaurs had 'em too. Picture some T-Rex doing its thing, trying to impress the ladies.

- And get this, my friends. Some dinosaurs might have been all about that monogamy life, just like birds and crocs. Who knew, right?

If you're hungry for more juicy details, check out this article I found that covers all these topics. It's a good read if you're into this dino stuff. Hope this little spiel satisfied your curiosity, fellow Redditors! Keep scrolling and stay awesome! Peace out!

(Word Count: 602)
------
Okay, I gotta say, this whole judging people on their reproductive choices based on genetics thing is just ridiculous. Like seriously, who the hell do you think you are to decide if someone is "worthy" of reproducing or not? It's their freaking choice, not yours.

Sure, I get that purposely becoming a single parent can be seen as selfish, but come on, we all make selfish choices sometimes. That doesn't mean we should be judged for it. And let's not forget that genetics is just one tiny aspect of what makes a person who they are. There's so much more to consider, like their values, their personality, and their ability to love and care for another human being.

I mean, seriously, what gives you the right to say "hey, you shouldn't have kids because your family has a history of heart attacks"? Like, come on, are you a freaking doctor now? Do you have a crystal ball that can predict someone's future health? No, you don't. So stop acting like you do.

And let's talk about the hypocrisy here. You're so quick to judge someone else's genes, but guess what? Your own genes are not freaking perfect either. None of us have perfect genes. We all have some sort of crap in our DNA. So why are you pointing fingers at others when you have your own genetic baggage?

Oh, and let's not forget about mental health. You know, that thing that people still stigmatize and shame others for? Yeah, that thing. So many people are quick to reject someone because of their mental health issues, but hey, if someone has a higher risk of cancer in their family, suddenly it's okay to stand by them? Give me a break.

And don't even get me started on the whole dumping someone because of their genes thing. Like, seriously? That's just heartless and shallow. If you truly love someone, their genetic history shouldn't matter. You should be there for them, supporting them, and helping them through whatever challenges they may face.

Look, I'm not saying genetics don't matter at all. Of course they do, to some extent. But they're not the be-all and end-all of reproductive choices. There are so many other factors to consider, like love, commitment, and the ability to provide a nurturing environment for a child.

So, to all the judgmental assholes out there who think they have the right to decide if someone is worthy of reproducing or not based on their genes, just stop. Mind your own business, let people make their own choices, and focus on being a decent human being instead. Because that's what really matters in the end.
------
Wow, where do I even begin with this post? I mean, seriously? Are we really still talking about this? It's like you've been living under a rock for the past century or something. This issue has been going on for ages, and now you're acting all surprised and offended by it? Give me a break.

And what's with this whole assumption about your religion? Like, when did you even mention it? Are you trying to be all secretive about it, or do you just think everyone should automatically know? News flash, buddy, nobody cares about your religion unless you make a big deal out of it.

And don't even get me started on this whole "off topic" nonsense. You're the one twisting things to fit your own agenda. The OP made a valid point, and you decided to attack them for it. I called you out on your BS because people like you can't handle the truth. So don't go whining about being off topic when you were the one treading on naysayers in the first place.

Oh, and let's not forget your little comment about my faith. Yeah, nice try, but that's not gonna work on me. You think you can make some offhand remark and get away with it? Think again, pal. I know all the dirty little secrets of your religion. The indoctrination of children, the discrimination against the LGBTQ+ community, the infiltration of government, the cherry-picking of verses to push your own agenda, the superiority complex, the violence... need I go on? But hey, it's not like any of that matters to you, right? As long as you can keep believing that your clergymen are beyond reproach and continue blindly following their every word.

And don't give me this crap about making a "true joke." Who are you to decide what's appropriate or not? You wanted to make it about this so-called "hot-button issue" because you saw the word "Catholic." But newsflash, genius, nobody even mentioned Catholicism. So stop trying to play the victim here and accept the fact that your precious religion has some serious issues that need to be addressed.

Oh, and if you want to discuss it, then fine. But do it in the right place. This subreddit is not the appropriate area for it. There are plenty of other forums out there where you can have your little debate and feel all self-righteous. So go ahead, knock yourself out.

But seriously, why do you keep bringing up your religion as if it's some kind of persecuted minority? Get over yourself. Nobody cares about your religion as much as you do. And if you can't handle people bringing up its flaws, then maybe you should question why you have so much blind faith in these priests in the first place. Because let me tell you, titles don't automatically grant respect. Priests can be terrible people too, you know.

So, there you have it. My not-so-polite response to your ridiculous post. Maybe next time, think before you speak, and consider whether your opinion really adds anything of value to the conversation. And if you can't handle a little criticism, then maybe you should stay off the internet altogether. Just a friendly suggestion.
------
So, I was browsing through some articles by Karim Zidan and Mike Russell and it got me thinking about Ariel Helwani and his relationship with Ali Abdelaziz. I mean, let's be honest here, it seems like Ali might have been the major source that Ariel constantly cited for all those major scoops. Ariel has interviewed Ali countless times and he's definitely aware of the work done by Karim and Mike. But here's the thing, why didn't Ariel press Ali on some of the key issues? 

I mean, recently Ali called Ariel the "Jerry Springer of MMA" and Ariel responded with a pretty touchy comeback saying "oh, this is rich." Now, to me, that kind of implies that maybe Ali was somehow involved in the manufactured drama that Ariel loves to play with. 

Think about it, Ali has the largest roster of fighters in the UFC, which means he probably has access to a ton of content and information. And Ariel, well, he's never shy when it comes to pushing Dana White and other big figures in the MMA world. He's not afraid of stirring the pot. So why wouldn't he dig deep on Ali? 

Sure, there's the threat of being blacklisted by fighters managed by Ali, but come on, Dana can do much more damage. He's banned Ariel from events, refused future interviews, and even kicked out the whole MMA Fighting staff from a UFC event. That's some serious power right there. 

Remember when Dana went on that witch hunt in the UFC, leaking false information, trying to find the source? Well, it's possible that Ali had a lot of that info available, either firsthand or secondhand. I mean, just saying, it's a possibility. 

And then there's Mike Russell's recent retweet where he said, "it's wild how when Ariel brought up Ali's past in a passing glancing way in his last in-studio interview, he totally didn't press him on any of the issues. He also didn't state the controversial nature of Ali's history. So annoying." 

I mean, seriously, if all this is true or even partially true, then I wonder if Ariel will still be able to get those same scoops he used to pull out of nowhere. He was like the Nostradamus of MMA, predicting things that Dana would deny, only for them to come true a few days later. It was pretty impressive, gotta admit. 

Oh, and as a side note, if you have some time, you should really check out the work by Karim Zidan and Mike Russell. They're doing this thankless job and they're getting a ton of flack for it, especially Mike. Seriously, check out his Twitter, it's insane. They cover so many interesting topics and Ali is just a small part of it. But man, some of the stuff they uncover is mind-blowing. 

Anyway, that's just my two cents on the matter. I'm curious to see how this whole thing plays out. Will Ariel still be the go-to guy for breaking news in MMA? Only time will tell. But hey, let's keep our eyes open and see if there's more to this story than meets the eye. Until then, happy scrolling!
------
Okay, look, I gotta be real with you here. I was just casually scrolling through this subreddit, minding my own business, and now I stumble upon this post that's longer than a freakin' book. Seriously, who has time to read all of this? But hey, I'm feeling generous today, so I'll give it a shot. Brace yourselves, folks, we're about to dive into the depths of a mind-numbingly long response.

So, you start off by talking about some theoretical physicist named Sean Carroll. Honestly, I have no clue who this guy is, but you seem to be a big fan, so good for you. You mention how you find his talk fascinating and all, but you still have some issues with it. Cool, tell us more.

You go on to talk about causality and how it could still be fundamental even if the laws of physics are emergent. I mean, sure, that's a valid point, I guess. But then you bring up this intriguing idea that particles just behave according to the laws of physics without causing each other. Alright, that's a mind-bender for sure. But hey, there's still a problem here, my friend. The laws of physics cause the particles to behave in a certain way, don't they? So, you can't really escape causality, can you?

Now, hold up a second. Out of nowhere, you throw in this argument for the existence of God. Seriously? I thought we were talking about physics here, not theology. But hey, you do you, I guess. Moving on.

Wait, we're not done yet? Okay, let's get back on track. You argue that free will can still exist within certain worldviews, like idealism. That's fair, everyone's entitled to their own beliefs. And you even mention this pragmatist worldview that's compatible with science, everyday life, religion, and spirituality. Well, ain't that convenient.

But hold your horses, my friend. The other person in this debate questions whether an objective reality exists. And you're quick to point out that it's not about what you believe. Alright, I see your point, but can we please get back to the main topic? It's like we're going off on all these tangents and losing sight of what we're even discussing.

Oh great, now we're talking about solipsism. Look, I get it, it's a fascinating philosophical concept and all, but can we please stay focused here? We're already knee-deep in this never-ending response, and you want to bring up another topic?

Finally, you address the issue of free will and how it can coexist with the laws of physics. You argue that free will is something that can't be explained or examined, and hey, maybe it's just a part of the universe that we can only experience. Fair enough, it's an interesting perspective.

And just when I thought we were reaching the end, you bring up consciousness. Seriously? Can't we wrap this up already? But fine, I'll bite. Nobody denies that consciousness exists, but we still haven't proven its place in the universe. So, what's your point here?

Look, I don't mean to be rude or anything, but this response of yours is way too long and all over the place. It's like you're throwing out ideas left and right without really tying them together. I appreciate your enthusiasm and all, but sometimes less is more, you know? Keep it concise, my friend. Trust me, it'll save everyone's time and sanity.

Alright, I'm gonna stop right here. Phew, that was quite a journey, wasn't it? I hope you don't take my blunt tone personally, but seriously, next time, keep it short and sweet. Ain't nobody got time to read a mini-novel in a Reddit post. Peace out.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I gotta get something off my chest here. It's about this whole idea of higher education and how it's just downright silly that we're only talking about universities. Seriously, who came up with this narrow definition? It's time to open our eyes and realize that there's more to education than just fancy degrees.

Let me take you back in time for a hot minute. We're talking about Britain, where back in the day, only a measly 20% of people could even read and write well enough to sign their own name on a marriage certificate. Yeah, you heard me right, signing their own name! So, don't you dare tell me that university was an option for everyone because it simply wasn't.

Back then, if you wanted to escape the clutches of poverty, you had to roll up your sleeves and embrace the world of skilled trades. That was the real ticket to getting out of the gutter and inching your way towards a decent life. And guess what? Women weren't even barred from the trade guilds! Shocking, I know.

In fact, back in good ol' 1432, we had these badass "sistren" listed among the "brethren" on the roster of master blacksmiths in London. Yeah, you better believe it! We had female master tinsmiths, goldsmiths, silversmiths, butchers, blacksmiths, weavers, and brewers. The ladies were dominating the game, especially the unmarried ones. And let me tell ya, their skills were so impressive that we even ended up with surnames like Webster and Brewster as a result. Who would've thought, right?

Now, let's dive into the two types of women who joined these trades. First, we had the orphans. These poor souls didn't have much hope for a good marriage, so they figured becoming masters in their craft was worth a shot. Their journey began when they were just little munchkins, getting indentured before the age of 10. Can you imagine? Years of unpaid apprenticeship that were often not much better than slavery. And after all that, they would travel as journeymen until their early to mid-20s. Talk about commitment.

Then we had the widows of tradesmen. These badass ladies demonstrated that they had learned the trade from their husbands well enough to carry on the business, train apprentices, and assess journeymen. They were independent, strong, and ready to show the world what they were made of.

But wait, there's more. Let's dig into the social dynamics here. See, parents who actually had some moolah saw their sons' future tied to professions, which meant university was their best bet. On the other hand, their daughters were expected to learn all the skills necessary for running a household, maintaining social and professional networks, and helping their future husbands run their businesses. They didn't need a fancy degree for that; finishing schools or private tutors did just fine. Because, hey, let's be real, women from wealthy families had a legal entitlement to be supported by their husbands, while men didn't have the same privilege. Harsh truth, but that's how it was.

Now, I'm not saying there weren't talented women out there who dreamt of entering a profession and couldn't make it happen. Sure, it happened, and it's a shame. But let's not forget that the majority of women (and men) didn't have the chance to attend university in the first place. Less than 20% of them could even read or write, for crying out loud! And honestly, women benefited from their exemption from financial obligations way more than they were penalized. It's just how the cookie crumbled, my friends.

Oh, and by the way, there were moments when people got all scared and pushy about women being in the trades. You know why? Because work was scarce and men felt the weight of the financial responsibility placed on their shoulders by the law. They resented being pushed out of jobs by those who were entitled to be supported by others. It's a double-edged sword, my friends. When you make rights expensive, you limit them to those who shoulder equal responsibilities. And guess what? Women didn't bear equal responsibility under the law. Simple as that.

So, next time someone tries to tell you that higher education is all about universities, you can hit 'em with some historical truth bombs. Skilled trades were the real deal, and women were rocking it too. So let's broaden our perspective and appreciate education in all its forms. The world's too damn diverse for us to be stuck in narrow-minded definitions. Keep on learning, my fellow Redditors!
------
Alright, buckle up folks because I have a story to tell you about one of the most ridiculous conversations I've ever had. So, there I was, just minding my own business at dinner with a group of friends, when the topic of dieting comes up. Now, I have this friend who happens to be a nurse, let's call her Gail. Gail starts going on about how she needs to watch what she eats and she drops this bombshell: apparently, if she were to eat a regular box of cereal, she would magically gain 5 pounds overnight. 

Naturally, being the sarcastic smartass that I am, I couldn't help but make a throwaway comment. I said something along the lines of, "Well, you'd need to eat at least a 5lb box of cereal... and that's a lot of cereal." Little did I know, this innocuous comment would set off a chain of events that would make me question the intelligence of everyone involved.

Gail, with all seriousness, responds by saying, "No, if I ate a regular box, I would gain probably like 5 lbs." Now, call me crazy, but something about her statement just didn't sit right with me. So, I decided to challenge her on it.

I replied, "Haha, well you'd gain the weight of the cereal plus whatever else you ate that day, minus whatever your body burns off."

But oh boy, Gail was not having any of it. She looks me dead in the eye and says, "No, I seriously wouldn't even have to eat anything else for that whole day, and the next day, I'd be about 5 lbs heavier."

You can imagine the disbelief on my face at this point. I mean, it's basic logic, right? You can't gain more weight than what you've consumed. It defies the laws of physics! Sensing the tension, one of the people at the table, whom I barely knew, decides to chime in and tells me to back off because Gail is in the medical field and apparently that automatically makes her an expert on everything related to the human body.

Well, pardon my French, but that just pissed me off. I wasn't about to let someone's profession override common sense. So, I retort, "Hey dude, I don't need to be a doctor to know that that's not how food works. And no Gail, I don't know anything about the glycemic index. Look, what you're describing is magical. You're talking about gaining weight, when? While you're sleeping?"

And then it happened. Gail played her trump card. She hits me with, "If you don't know about the glycemic index then why are you arguing with me? I have a nursing degree, you don't."

That's when I lost it. I couldn't believe that she was using her nursing degree as some kind of shield against basic logic. I retaliated, "Jesus Christ... No, I don't have a degree in science, but didn't we all learn this in middle school? Am I going crazy? Why isn't anyone else saying anything?"

I looked around the table, desperately seeking some validation, but all I got was silence. Well, except for that guy from earlier, who decided to be Gail's cheerleader. He smugly tells me, "Dude, I don't know why you're even talking? She's a nurse, you're not going to win this argument. You keep bringing up science, but you don't even have a science degree."

That was the final straw for me. I snapped, "I don't need a degree in science to know that what she's saying, and what you all seem to be agreeing with, is really fucking stupid!"

At this point, Gail claims she's done with the argument and pulls the classic "agree to disagree" card. Fine, whatever. I couldn't care less at that point. We got our checks shortly after, and the rest of the evening was filled with uncomfortable silence.

Reflecting on the whole debacle, I suppose I can see why some people thought I was being an asshole. But let's be honest here, Gail and her cheerleader friend were the real assholes. They were the ones stubbornly clinging to a belief that defies all logic and reason, just because Gail has a fancy nursing degree. That doesn't make her infallible.

So, what's the verdict? Well, in my opinion, the real loser in this situation is common sense. It took a backseat to blind faith in someone's credentials. And that, my friends, is a downright dangerous mindset to adopt. So, the next time someone tries to tell you that eating a box of cereal will magically make you gain 5 pounds overnight, take a step back, question it, and for the love of all things holy, don't let someone's profession dictate what you believe to be true.

Alright, rant over. Thanks for listening to me vent about this absolute absurdity. Stay skeptical, my friends.
------
Hey, I don't mean to be rude, but I've got a bone to pick with this whole teaching religion versus teaching about sexuality thing. Like seriously, why is it okay to shove religion down kids' throats, but when it comes to talking about sexuality, everyone loses their minds?

First of all, let's get one thing straight. Teaching kids about religion isn't the same as teaching them about homosexuality. Religion is about cultural awareness and understanding different beliefs so that we can all get along in this crazy world. We're not telling kids, "Hey, you should be this religion or that religion." It's about being aware of others' sensitivities and being respectful. It's like teaching kids not to be jerks, ya know?

But when it comes to sexuality, people start tripping over themselves. We're not trying to confuse kids about their own sexuality or force anything on them. Let them grow up and figure it out for themselves. It's not our job to decide that for them.

And speaking of deciding, what's the deal with parents not taking responsibility? If you're so worried about your precious little angels being exposed to certain books, do your damn job and vet them before letting your kids borrow them. It's not rocket science. The library shouldn't have to cater to every single person's preferences. They're a public institution, funded by taxpayers, and they have to reflect the majority's will. If most people don't think exposure to homosexuality is age-appropriate for children, then that's how it's gonna be.

And let's talk about sex ed. It's not like we're teaching kindergarteners about the Kama Sutra here. Sex ed is taught around the age of 15, when teenagers are on the cusp of adulthood. It's important for them to learn the facts about sexuality, regardless of whether you agree with it or not. And for those of you who are all about freedom and liberty, how can you support censoring education? That just doesn't make any sense to me.

Oh, and by the way, there are certain things that we don't teach kids about, like open relationships, polygamy, and masturbation. Is that censorship too? I don't hear anyone screaming about that. So why is it only when it comes to homosexuality that everyone gets their panties in a twist?

And let's talk about this stupid bakery case. Seriously, it's just a wedding cake. There are two types of weddings, and it's not that hard to be honest about it. The baker has denied other requests before, like Halloween cakes or divorce celebration cakes. It's not discrimination; it's just his personal beliefs. He's not denying service based on someone's identity. If the gay couple had asked for a birthday cake, they would have gotten it. But if a straight couple asked for a cake for their gay friends' wedding, they would be denied. That's not discrimination, folks.

And don't give me that whole "anti-discrimination laws" argument. This bakery opened in the US, where we have the federal civil rights act. If you're not willing to abide by the laws in place, then don't open a business. It's as simple as that. Breaking the law doesn't make you a victim, it makes you a lawbreaker.

You know what's funny? There was another case where a guy wanted a bakery to write "homosexuality is a detestable sin" on a cake, and they refused. But did anyone cry discrimination? Nope, because it's not discrimination. So why is it only when it's a gay wedding cake that people start losing their minds?

Look, I'm just saying, let's all take a step back and think logically here. Teaching kids about religion is about cultural awareness, not indoctrination. And let kids figure out their own sexuality without pushing anything on them. And please, for the love of all that is holy, let's stop making a mountain out of a molehill with these bakery cases. Can't we all just get along?
------
Alright, buckle up folks, because I've got a lot to say about this Stark family situation. First off, let's talk about those twins. Man, they really messed things up for the Starks, didn't they? I mean, come on, their actions tore apart the whole family. And don't even get me started on that little brat Joffrey beheading Ned. That just added insult to injury. 

Now, here's the thing. If you really think about it, Ned's description fits perfectly with the father in the faith of the seven. You know, the one who's all about justice and "divine justice" and stuff. So, it's no surprise that his children took matters into their own hands and took revenge on those who betrayed him. I mean, Sansa killing Littlefinger? Totally predicted by the books, my friend.

But let's not forget about Jon. Oh no, he's got his own thing going on. See, George R.R. Martin has said that LOTR is a big inspiration for him, and Jon is like our very own Aragorn. And you know what that means? It means that Ice, that big ol' sword of the Starks, is going to be reforged into something epic. Just like Narsil in LOTR, which represented the line of the kings of Gondor. When it got reforged, it symbolized the return of the king and the restoration of the line of Gondor. Are you following me here?

Now, here's where it gets interesting. Ice was broken right around the time of the Red Wedding, which is when everyone thought the Starks were done for. But surprise, surprise, they're still kicking. Well, at least Sansa was a Lannister by this point, but you get what I'm saying. The show even hints at this idea in the season 4 opener, with all those important opening scenes. Pay attention, people!

So, what's the deal with Lightbringer, you ask? Well, the second forging of Lightbringer involves the heart of a captured lion. And who's going to give Cersei the gift of mercy? None other than Arya, wielding Widow's Wail (which hasn't even been given to Jaime in the books yet). She's going to stick Cersei with the pointy end, right where the Hound showed her where the heart is. Boom, mind blown!

But wait, there's more. After Arya does her thing and gives Cersei her "gift," Widow's Wail is going to be reforged into one badass sword. Arya, being the stitcher extraordinaire that she is (remember her nickname Needle?), is going to metaphorically stitch those blades back together. It's like a whole symbolism thing, you know?

And if you need proof, just look at Arya's very first chapter in the very first book. Her stitches were crooked, just like everything was crooked in the world. But Sansa? Oh no, her needlework was exquisite. That girl's got some fine, delicate hands, apparently. The septa even called Arya out and said she had the hands of a blacksmith. Well, guess what? Those hands are going to be doing some serious forging in the future, my friends.

Alright, I know I've thrown a lot at you, but believe me when I say that all of this is explained in-depth in this super detailed article I found. Seriously, go read it. It'll blow your mind and answer all your burning questions. Why reforge two swords into one? This article's got the answers, my friend. Just click on that link and prepare for enlightenment.

So yeah, that's my take on the whole Stark family situation. I hope you found it as mind-bogglingly fascinating as I do. And hey, don't hesitate to hit me up if you want more evidence or theories. I'm always here to discuss the intricacies of Game of Thrones with my fellow casual Redditors. Keep scrolling, my friends!
------
Hey y'all, just stumbled upon this thread and couldn't help but chime in. I mean, seriously, is anyone really surprised by all the messed up stuff that goes down with DKE at Yale? It's like a never-ending cycle of scandal and debauchery. Let me break it down for you:

First off, we've got the infamous "kids at play" incident back in 1983 where these DKE idiots thought it was a good idea to display a flag made out of women's undergarments. Classy move, guys. Real classy.

Then in 1984, we've got the Council of Masters banning them from campus, only for them to revive their shenanigans at some off-campus location. Like, seriously, can't these guys take a hint?

And let's not forget about the fraternity initiation antics in 1985 that demeaned women. I mean, how low can you go? But hey, it's DKE, so I guess we shouldn't be surprised.

Moving on to 1988, we've got racist conduct alleged at a DKE party. I guess blatant racism is just part of their party vibe, huh? And it's not just one person making these claims, multiple students have called them out for their despicable behavior.

Oh, and remember in 1989 when Adphi demanded compensation for the damages DKE caused to their house? I guess these DKE boys just love wrecking things wherever they go.

Now, let's fast forward to the era of Kavanaugh. In 2011, the frat got suspended for five whole years because their pledges thought it would be a great idea to march past freshman women's dorms chanting "no means yes, and yes means anal!" What kind of sick, twisted mentality do these guys have? It's horrifying that they even thought this was acceptable.

But wait, it gets even better! In 1973, a DKE president openly admitted that they were trying to change their image from drunken jocks to gentlemen's club. Newsflash, buddy, you failed miserably. We all know what DKE really stands for: loud drunk jocks who think beer and burping make them cool.

And let's not forget George W. Bush defending their hazing tradition of branding new members in 1967. Like, seriously, who thought that was a good idea? Hot branding irons? Beatings? This is straight-up torture, not some harmless initiation ritual.

But wait, there's more! The 2016-17 president of Yale DKE was actually suspended for "penetration without consent." Yeah, you read that right. These guys are not only disrespectful, but they're also criminals. I can't even begin to comprehend the horrifying experiences these women went through because of these DKE monsters.

Just take a look at the reviews on Greekrank.com, and you'll see just how messed up this fraternity really is. It's like a long list of horror stories from current and former students who have witnessed or experienced sexual misconduct at the hands of DKE brothers. Unwanted kissing, groping, sexual assault - it's all there.

And now, we have the cherry on top: DKE selling two houses after being accused of sexual misconduct. I guess they finally realized that they can't keep getting away with their disgusting behavior.

So yeah, if you're looking for a frat with a history of racism, sexism, hazing, and sexual assault, then DKE at Yale is the perfect choice for you. But if you're a decent human being who values respect and basic decency, I suggest you stay far, far away from these losers.

That's all I gotta say. Peace out, Reddit.
------
Alright, here goes nothing. Please keep in mind that this response is intended to be informal and impolite. So if you're easily offended or not a fan of sarcasm, you might want to skip this one.

Look, buddy, I stumbled upon your little rant here and I gotta say, it's a real gem. I mean, seriously, did you even bother to read the title of the thread before spewing out your irrelevant thoughts? Or are you just one of those people who likes to hear themselves talk, or in this case, type?

First of all, let's address your brilliant observation about how babies require a womb to be born. Wow, really? You just blew my mind with that groundbreaking revelation! No kidding, Sherlock, we all know that. But guess what? That has absolutely nothing to do with the topic at hand. So, congratulations on stating the obvious and wasting everyone's time.

And don't even get me started on your half-baked argument about abortion rights being a man-made choice. Uh, hello genius! What other kind of choice would it be? A gift from the heavens? I hate to break it to you, but pretty much every right we have as humans is a man-made choice. So, using that as some sort of profound statement to invalidate abortion rights is just plain ridiculous. Try harder next time, buddy.

Oh, but wait, it gets better! You claim that no woman can perform an abortion on her own? Well, duh! Again, stating the obvious, my friend. I mean, seriously, have you ever heard of a woman performing surgery on herself? I sure hope not. But guess what? That doesn't change the fact that women should have the right to make decisions about their own bodies. Shocking, I know!

Now, let's move on to your attempt at bringing up society's rules about caregivers and all that jazz. While it's true that we have regulations regarding child-rearing, what does that have to do with a woman's right to choose? Are you seriously equating a fully-formed, sentient human being with a tiny fetus? Because that's a pretty big stretch, my friend. And not the good kind like you do before a workout.

Oh, and here comes the race card! Bravo! You bring up the historical mistreatment of people of color as if it has any relevance to this discussion. News flash, genius: recognizing the bodily integrity of a woman is not the same as dehumanizing people of color. It's called respecting a person's autonomy and consent. Maybe you should look those words up sometime.

And finally, you wrap up your masterpiece with the phrase "prevention not abortion." Well, congratulations, Captain Obvious, once again. We all agree that prevention is essential. But guess what? It's not always foolproof. Accidents happen, birth control fails, and sometimes life throws curveballs at you. That's where abortion steps in as a crucial option for women. But hey, thanks for trying to oversimplify a complex issue.

In conclusion, my dear random internet stranger, I must say that your post is a prime example of irrelevance, flawed logic, and a general lack of understanding. It's always fascinating to witness someone confidently spew out their uninformed opinions as if they're some kind of philosophical genius. So, kudos to you for making my day a little more entertaining. Keep up the good work, champ!
------
Hey everyone, I need to vent about my new roommate situation. So, I recently transferred to a new school and moved into an apartment complex on campus. It's not a dorm, but it's similar with random roommates who are also students. Now, I thought this would be a decent setup, but boy was I wrong. Let me give you a rundown of the weird shit my new roommate has pulled so far.

First off, when I first met him, this dude had the audacity to invite me on a trip to Vegas within 15 minutes of meeting each other. Like, what the actual hell? But that's just the beginning. He then proceeds to bombard me with creepy questions about how to talk to women and get them to hook up with you. Seriously, who asks that kind of stuff to a stranger?

Next, on the very first day of me moving in, this guy starts insisting that I throw a party on Friday. I politely told him I wasn't interested, but he just wouldn't let it go. He kept acting like the party was a done deal, asking me about the plans and even trying to dictate who I should invite. I had to repeat myself at least four or five times before he finally got the message. And to top it off, he had the nerve to suggest that I should "at least invite three girls over." Ugh, seriously?

But wait, it gets even weirder. Sometimes, in the dead of night, I can hear him through the walls talking to himself. And I'm not talking about normal muttering, I mean full-on shouting in a language I don't even understand. It's unsettling, to say the least. Not to mention, he has zero social awareness and is incredibly awkward to talk to in person.

And here's the cherry on top: every Friday and Saturday night, when I come home late, he's always there sitting alone on the couch, drinking and waiting for my arrival. As soon as I step through the door, he starts interrogating me about my whereabouts and what I've been doing. And mind you, it's not in a friendly way like asking about my night. No, he grills me like some sort of cop questioning a suspect. "What were you doing tonight!?" he demands, pressing for every single detail. It's beyond annoying, it's invasive.

But last night was the breaking point. I came home around 1:30 am, clearly annoyed with his incessant questioning, and he just wouldn't back down. He started begging me to go downtown with him to "talk to girls." I must have told him no at least twenty freaking times, but he just wouldn't take the hint. He acted all sad and pathetic, trying to guilt-trip me into going. And when his pathetic attempts failed, he resorted to making up ridiculous lies to convince me. I mean, come on, who does this guy think he's fooling?

So, here I am, stuck with this socially clueless and potentially creepy roommate for another year. I can't change rooms, and I am desperate for advice on how to deal with someone like this. Don't get me wrong, I've tried being patient, but now it's starting to seriously creep me out. I just need some guidance on how to survive this one-year lease with this absolute disaster of a roommate. Any suggestions? Please, help a fellow Redditor out.
------
Alright, so here's the deal. I'm scrolling through this subreddit, minding my own business, and I stumble upon this post. And let me tell you, it's a real gem.

So, this person is complaining about how their significant other won't let them get PlayStation Network for their kids but thinks it's totally cool to buy pearl earrings for her own daughter. What the hell? I mean, seriously? Talk about a double standard, am I right?

First of all, why does it even matter if she doesn't have a history with video games? Who cares if she doesn't like them? It's not about her, it's about the kids! And if they want to play video games, then let them play video games. It's not like it's the end of the world or anything.

But nooo, she thinks it's too expensive. Like, come on! It's just 60 bucks! That's pocket change compared to some of the other crap people waste their money on. And it's not like the kids are asking for some extravagant, over-the-top gift. They just want to play video games like every other kid in the freakin' universe.

And then she has the audacity to bring up pearl earrings? Are you kidding me? How is that even remotely comparable to PlayStation Network? Last time I checked, pearl earrings don't provide hours of entertainment and social interaction. But hey, what do I know, right?

So, this person tries to reason with her, saying it can't be a "just because" gift because they couldn't get PlayStation Network for their own kids. Seems pretty fair to me. But apparently, she didn't like that. Probably because deep down, she knows she's being unreasonable. But instead of admitting it, she gets defensive and starts an argument.

And here's where things get real messy. This person starts talking about how there's a huge double standard in their household. Well, no shit, Sherlock! I could've told you that from the start. But now they're stuck in this never-ending cycle of serious talks and breaking up over the dumbest things.

I mean, seriously, who breaks up with someone over a petty argument? It's like she's playing some twisted game, where she gets to control the relationship and call all the shots. And this poor person is just left crying and feeling like shit because they actually give a damn about the relationship.

But does she care? Nope, not at all. She acts like nothing happened and goes about her merry way, leaving this person hanging for a day or two. That's not how a healthy relationship works, folks.

And don't even get me started on the double standards between them. She can say or do whatever she wants, and it's supposed to be okay. But if this person does the same thing, suddenly it's unacceptable. Like, what the actual fuck?

So, the TL;DR of this whole mess is that this person wants to know how to stop the double standards in their relationship. Well, my friend, I hate to break it to you, but I don't think there's an easy solution here.

You can try talking it out, but based on what you've described, it seems like she's not exactly open to constructive criticism. Maybe couples therapy could help, or maybe it's time to reevaluate whether this relationship is really worth all the drama.

But hey, what do I know? I'm just a casual Reddit user scrolling through this subreddit, getting sucked into other people's problems. So take my advice with a grain of salt, or just ignore it altogether. It's your life, after all.
------
Yo, what's up everyone? So I just watched The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and I gotta say, I'm feeling pretty disappointed. The movie is super long, like a whole two and a half hours, and it feels like they tried to shove in way too much stuff.

First of all, let's talk about the villains. Electro is supposed to be this big baddie, but honestly, he's just kinda lame. His motivation to become a villain is so dumb, like he gets all mad at Spider-Man just for forgetting his name. And then he wants to cut the power to New York City so people will feel powerless, but c'mon, that's just cheesy. Jamie Foxx did what he could with the character, but the writing and effects really let him down.

And speaking of effects, some of them just don't look great. Spider-Man often looks weightless when he's flying around or fighting, and the CGI can be jerky and stilted. It's not terrible, but for a movie that cost $200 million, you'd expect better.

Now, let's talk about the lack of action. This movie is supposed to be a big blockbuster superhero flick, but there's not actually a ton of action in it. After a quick fight with Rhino at the beginning, it takes forever for Spider-Man to face off against Electro. And then there's another lull until the finale. Like, come on, give us some more Spidey action!

And don't even get me started on how much time Peter Parker is on screen compared to Spider-Man. There are so many scenes where Spidey is nowhere to be seen and we're just following Peter and his drama. Andrew Garfield does a good job as Peter, but there's only so much staring doe-eyed at Gwen Stacy or having serious conversations with Aunt May that I can handle.

The relationship between Peter and Gwen is supposed to be the heart of the movie, but it just feels so on-off and stilted. It's hard to get emotionally invested when they keep going back and forth and there's all this other stuff happening. It creates this weird tone where the movie wants to be funny, action-packed, and romantic, but it doesn't really succeed at any of them.

Overall, The Amazing Spider-Man 2 just didn't live up to the hype for me. It's bloated, lacks action, and has some iffy CGI. The performances are decent, but they can't save a movie that tries to do too much without fully committing to anything. I'd recommend giving this one a pass and maybe rewatching the Tobey Maguire Spider-Man movies instead.
------
Hey everyone,

So, I stumbled upon this post about confirmation bias and real bias in rape studies on campus, and man, do I have some thoughts. First of all, self-reporting is a huge issue. Like, how can we even trust those numbers? People could just be making stuff up for attention or whatever.

And let's not forget about how they broaden the definition of sexual assault to the point where it becomes meaningless. I mean, seriously? Two people getting drunk and one of them later claiming rape? That's just ridiculous. It's probably just regret or something, you know?

Oh, and by the way, I've taken some fancy graduate classes for my master's degree, and I actually had the audacity to ask why witness statements for rape or abuse cases are taken at face value with no evidence, while in capital murder cases, they question witnesses and their memory all the time. But guess what? No one had an answer for me, they just accused me of hating women. Can you believe that?

Now, let's get to this whole Kavanaugh and Ford situation. People are saying that Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation is a big deal for women and all that, but seriously, what has Ford really lost? I mean, if she plays her cards right, she can totally make money on the speaking circuit and all that. And have you seen her Facebook? Abortion seems to be a major issue for her. So, yeah, she might lie to prevent any potential threat to Roe v. Wade. Makes sense, right?

And let's not forget that there isn't any corroboration for Ford's claims. I mean, come on, even the one person she named as attending the party openly admitted that he wasn't there. And her therapist's story doesn't even match her current claims. If the story changes, it's definitely not credible, right?

Oh, and did you notice that I got a little sidetracked and mentioned rumors from high school about me supposedly getting a girl pregnant? Yeah, that's relevant somehow.

But you want to know what really gets me? The FBI background check! Kavanaugh has been through one, just like I have. They interview friends, exes, and anyone they can think of. If there was any truth to these allegations, it would have come up during his previous background checks, right? And, hey, I've even been interviewed for one myself - three whole hours of grilling. So, if I had to go through that, why can't Ford testify and explain all these inconsistencies?

Look, guys, there's just nothing here that gives Ford's claim any credibility. That's why it's not affecting anyone's clearance, and why the FBI declined to investigate it. She's just trying to drag this out and hope that the midterms will work in her political favor. That's why she wants a lengthy FBI investigation - to run out the clock.

Okay, rant over. Thanks for reading my ramblings, fellow Redditors. Let me know what you think, but please, keep it civil. Peace out!
------
Man, let me break it down for you. If you're looking for raids or instances in this game, you're gonna be disappointed. The closest thing you'll find are rifts and greater rifts, but trust me, they're nothing like the raids you're thinking of. You basically just clear out a bunch of floors to fill up a meter that summons a boss. And don't even get me started on ubers. They're supposed to be harder versions of bosses, but all it is is a damn portal that sends you off to fight two bosses at once. That's it. And to make matters worse, you can only have a party of up to four players. Like seriously, what were they thinking?

Now, let's talk about PvP. Or should we? Because honestly, it's a joke in this game. Back in Diablo 2, PvP was a big thing. It was promised for D3, but it got delayed, and then delayed again, and guess what? It never came. The devs just decided to sweep it under the rug and never speak of it again. But hey, if you're feeling adventurous, you can go to Act 1 and look for this barbarian dude in the lower left corner of the town. He'll let you do some pathetic excuse for PvP called "brawling" against other player characters. But let's be real, no one does that shit. And I bet most players don't even know it exists. PvP in D3, just like in D2, is all about who gets the first hit. Your characters get so ridiculously OP that they can one-shot each other. And guess what? The devs never addressed this issue. There are some YouTube videos of these Russian guys who made a variant of PvP that looked pretty cool and actually scaled the skills appropriately. But did the devs even look at that? Nah.

Oh, and forget about having an open-world experience in this game. Each game you play is like its own little world with Acts 1 to 5. Sure, the maps are generated on a tile-based system, so they're kinda familiar, but things aren't always in the same place in each playthrough. But let's be real, Act 1 is always New Tristram, Act 2 is always the Caldeum desert, and so on. The waypoints may be in the same spots, but the tiles within them get shifted around. So don't expect any kind of real exploration here.

Now, let's tackle the whole Reaper of Souls thing. Is it necessary? I mean, I don't think so. But let me tell you, your experience will be so much better if you have it. Personally, I'd say definitely get Reaper of Souls, but maybe hold off on buying the Rise of the Necromancer pack unless you've been playing for a few weeks, still enjoy the game, and wanna check out the necro. The Rise of the Necromancer pack just adds the necromancer class and some necromancer items. But Reaper of Souls, now that's where the good stuff is. It adds levels 61 to 70 and all the maps and content for those levels. Trust me, it's worth it.

But hey, here's a reality check for you. Diablo 3 was moved to Blizzard Classics about a year ago. What does that mean? Well, don't expect any major updates or anything going forward. As much as I love the game, the player population has definitely taken a nosedive over the years. Sure, there's always a spike in players at the start of each season, but that spike only lasts for about a week. After that, it's back to the deserted towns. The game isn't dead, but if you're looking for a thriving community, you'll only really find it at the beginning and maybe the end of each ladder season. Season 15 just started last Friday, so you might wanna jump in now if you wanna catch some action. But hey, take my words with a grain of salt. This is just my opinion, man. I've been playing this game since closed-beta, and I still love it, despite its flaws. So yeah, see what others have to say, but if you ask me, you won't regret giving Diablo 3 a shot.
------
Alright, listen up ya'll. I gotta give my two cents on this whole eye makeup thing. First off, forget about using that eye primer to cover up your freckles. That ain't what it's for, my friend. It's all about making sure your liner and shadow don't smudge and end up lookin' patchy. Trust me, even those waterproof pencils won't do the trick without primer. I recommend either Urban Decay 24/7 or L'Oreal Infallible. And hey, I've heard good things about NYX Slide On pencils too, but I haven't tried 'em myself.

Now, let's talk about those freckles on your lids. Honestly, they ain't that big of a deal. Give it a shot and see if they still bother you after you've applied your makeup. Sometimes, lettin' those freckles shine through can actually make ya look more youthful, ya know? I personally use a dewy sheer base and let 'em peek through my foundation. Ain't nothin' wrong with that.

Okay, moving on to the important stuff  makin' our eyes look bigger. Here's a tip: darken up the outer corner and keep it lighter on the inner. If you add some eyeliner along your upper lash line, it's gonna define those eyes and make your lashes look thicker. Personally, I like to thicken up the line towards the outer corner and bring it higher so ya can see just a little bit of liner. Gives you that classic eyeliner look and defines the outer corner nicely. Plus, bringin' the line thinner towards the middle of the eye gives it a more natural feel.

Now, let's talk eyeshadow. Grab a small brush 'cause our eyes are small and we don't wanna look like clowns, ya feel me? Pat on some darker shadow with your eyes open, right below your eye socket. If you press your lid with your finger, you can feel where the socket ends. Don't go all the way up there with your daily work eyeshadow  just brush on a little matte dark eyeshadow there. As for the rest of the lid, go for a shimmery coppery or orangey shade, something like that. The key here is to blend the darker color with the lighter one real well. You don't want a harsh line between the eyeshadow and your skin. Apply it to the lower half of the eyelid, so it still shows when your eyes are open, but blend it outwards to your skin. Darker and higher on the outer, lighter and lower on the inner  got it?

Now, a lot of folks with eyes like ours go for that cat flick look. But let me tell ya, a puppy dog liner style can make your eyes look bigger. Especially if you fill in that little outer corner with some pencil liner. Trust me, ain't no contest with my eyes.

Alright, let's talk about gettin' started. If you ain't too confident with eyeshadow, stick to sheerer and less pigmented shades that are closer to your skin tone. Don't be afraid to go crazy with your eyeliner instead. One fun idea is to define your lash line with some dark liner, then add a fun eyeliner on top like a glittery or bright one. Get creative, my friend!

Now here's the deal. Don't go breakin' the bank on fancy palettes right away. Head on over to the drugstore and try out some cheaper quads and duos. Experiment with different undertones, finishes, and colors. Or better yet, ask a friend to lend you their collection or come over and play around with different looks. That way, you'll learn what flatters you without emptyin' your wallet. Trust me, I've got expensive brushes from Too Faced, Lancome, and Urban Decay, but I'm just as happy using ELF and Joe Fresh brushes.

So, there you have it. My not-so-polite and informal guide to eye makeup. Hope it helps ya out, and remember, have fun with it!
------
Alright, listen up, you dumbasses! I can't believe how many people out there think it's perfectly fine to post other people's nude pictures without their consent. It's not just those revenge porn losers we're talking about here, it's those scumbags who think it's okay to share nudes they received from someone on Tinder or Snapchat. Like seriously, what the actual fuck is wrong with you?

It pisses me off and makes me sick to my stomach to see this shit happening all the time. Let me tell you a little story, alright? Back in the day, before I was in a committed relationship, I stupidly sent one freaking nude picture to this one dude. And guess what? The jackass couldn't keep his mouth shut and showed it to one of his friends. Next thing I knew, the whole freaking town knew about my private business. Can you believe that? But of course, he had no clue how that happened. Yeah, right!

Now, years later, I get this boiling rage in my gut every time I see some disgusting loser posting privat
------
So, I finally decided to give raiding a try. I mean, how bad could it be, right? I've been doing dungeons and fractals easily, so raids should be a piece of cake. Boy, was I wrong.

Day 1 - I gathered a group of chill players to start with Spirit Vale, the first raid. I thought creating my own squad and putting "all welcome" in the LFG would ensure a relaxed environment. We managed to take down the first boss after a few tries, and it was actually fun. The group seemed awesome, and I thought my plan had worked. Unfortunately, everyone left after the first boss. I was confused. What's the point of doing a raid if you only do one boss? It felt like a waste of time. But little did I know, this was just how things were done. I managed to find another squad, but halfway through the second boss, everyone abandoned me. The commander told me that the raid failed because I didn't have an elite specialization. I explained that I liked using the base class, but he basically said that no one would take me seriously unless I changed my build. I didn't want to, so I gave up on finishing the raid for the day. It felt like a failure, but little did I know that it would only get worse.

Day 2 - I didn't have Path of Fire, but I saw that the new Mystic Forge raid still let me enter. I thought, why not take advantage of it? I formed a squad, explained my situation, and someone even offered to buy me Path of Fire. I declined, but this person insisted, giving me gold and inviting me to their guild. They were seriously too nice, and I felt bad for taking their offer. We couldn't find more members, so the day ended in failure. But I couldn't be mad at them. Shoutouts to that incredible person.

Day 3 - I tried Mythwright Gambit again, not even caring about completing the raid, just hoping for a single kill. I formed a squad, and unfortunately, the commander was less than patient. From the start, it was clear it was going to be a rough night. We wiped once, and the commander called me out, saying the Chronomancers were out damaging me. It started as a less than friendly comment and turned into a threat. A mistake was made, and we wiped again, but somehow, I was still the problem. The squad members started questioning my build, my food choice, and even suggested kicking me. It felt terrible, and I didn't know what to say. The commander eventually ragequit, leaving me feeling completely lost. It was a disaster, and I couldn't understand why I was taking all the blame. I knew I was doing the fight correctly, but my base mesmer build made me an easy target.

Day 4 - The bug that allowed me to enter Mythwright Gambit had been fixed, so I decided to try a different raid. The squad I gathered was immediately hostile towards me. They questioned why I was a base mesmer, if I was someone's alt or guildie. It was clear they hated me from the start. We started the fight, and then I got disconnected. When I managed to reconnect, we wiped again, and they blamed it on me, kicking me from my own squad. It was the last straw. I was done. But I couldn't end the day on a sour note, so I decided to attempt Vale Guardian, the one boss I knew I could beat. I formed a squad, and to my surprise, they were the most chill and awesome group I've ever encountered. We came close to killing the boss multiple times and had a blast throughout the attempts. One member with a stick up his ass wasn't happy with our way of doing things, but someone told him to deal with it or avoid pugs. He left, and we continued on. Our commander eventually had to call it a night, and we replaced her with a Chronomancer who seemed to have everything our group lacked. The fight started, and unfortunately, I got thrown out of bounds and died instantly. But the group managed to pull through and we got the kill. Everyone laughed and said my sacrifice gave them the power to win. It was such a good time, and I wasn't even mad. These guys were the best, and I considered the day a success. They left in good spirits, but the Chronomancer whispered me to play another class next time. I guess things could have gone differently if we had failed the kill with her.

In conclusion, while I had an awesome time with some incredible people, I realize that I was extremely lucky to have found such a chill squad. In reality, most raiders aren't like them. Getting kicked from my own squad was disrespectful, and I can only imagine that it can get even worse. The horror stories I've heard about elitism and gatekeeping seem to be true. It sucks that I won't be able to experience raiding anymore, but it's just not worth it. I play games to have fun, and unfortunately, most raiders don't seem to understand that. It's a shame because raiding has the potential to be a great experience if everyone could just relax and have a good time. So, this marks the end of my raiding adventures, now and forever.
------
Alright, listen up folks. I don't know why I'm wasting my time here, but I just have to speak my mind. So, apparently in Christian theology, there's this whole idea that God calls you first. Yeah, that's right, you don't actually choose to accept Christ and follow him. According to some Christians, you're just a pawn in God's little game.

I mean, seriously? Are we really supposed to believe that God has complete control over who gets saved and who doesn't? That's some messed up stuff right there. Like, imagine if you genuinely wanted to believe in Jesus, but God was like, "Nah, sorry, you're not on my chosen list." How messed up is that? 

And don't even get me started on this Bible quote they threw in. They think it proves their point, but all it does is show how messed up their beliefs are. According to them, Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me." So basically, if you're not hearing voices in your head, tough luck, you're not one of the chosen ones. What a load of bullcrap!

Oh, but wait, it gets even better. They go on to say that not everyone who claims to be a Christian is actually one. Like, apparently, there are these people who go around saying, "Lord, Lord," and think they're all holy and stuff, but Jesus will just be like, "Oops, sorry, I never knew you. Go away, you lawless heathens!"

I can't help but laugh at this hypocrisy. So, what they're saying is, you can do all these amazing things in the name of Jesus - prophesy, cast out demons, perform miracles - but if you don't really, truly, 100% believe in him, then tough luck again, you're going to hell. I mean, come on, talk about contradictory beliefs. It's like they want to keep people on their toes, constantly questioning if they're 'truly' saved or not.

Look, I get it, there are some messed up people out there who claim to be Christians, but really just use religion as a cover for their shady practices. We've all seen those televangelists preaching on TV, asking for money left and right, while living lavish lifestyles. And don't even get me started on the scandals within the Church. It's enough to make anyone sick.

But let me tell you something, that is not Christianity. Real Christianity is supposed to be about love, compassion, and forgiveness. It's about treating others with kindness and respect, not using God's name to manipulate and deceive. But hey, what do I know? Apparently, I'm just a casual Reddit user, scrolling through this subreddit.

So, in conclusion, if you believe that God chooses who gets saved and who doesn't, and you think that only the 'true' believers are the ones who hear voices in their heads, then good for you. But for the rest of us who see through this nonsense, let's focus on being good human beings and spreading love and positivity in the world. That's what really matters, not some arbitrary list of 'chosen' ones.
------
Alright, listen up folks because I've got a story to tell you. So last Sunday, me and my bud decided to treat ourselves to a fancy-ish restaurant. We've been doing this whole "going dutch" thing since forever, so it was no biggie. We sit down, I order my food, and my friend goes all out and orders some expensive wine along with her meal. Typical high roller move, am I right?

Now, let me just put it out there that I don't drink much these days. I'm trying to cut back, because once I start, it's hard for me to stop. So I politely decline my friend's offer to share the wine, knowing damn well it could end up with me dancing on the tables like a drunken fool. Not a pretty sight, trust me.

Fast forward to Tuesday morning, and what do I find in my Venmo notifications? A payment request from my oh-so-generous friend. But get this, she wants me to cough up 65 bucks for the wine! I'm thinking, "What the actual F?" So I message her, hoping it's just a mistake.

But nope, she insists it's legit. Apparently, according to her, bottles of wine are meant to be paid for by everyone at the table. Talk about a load of baloney! I mean, seriously? I didn't even touch the damn thing! The audacity of this girl!

So I try to reason with her, telling her that I'm not about to shell out more cash for something I didn't even enjoy. And how does she respond? By swearing up a storm and calling me stingy. Can you believe it? She even had the nerve to bring up our friendship, saying she doesn't want it to end over something petty like this. Well, newsflash honey, it's not petty to me!

I'm left dumbfounded. I honestly don't know what to say or how to even process this level of ridiculousness. We've been splitting bills for ages without any issues, so why is she pulling this crap now? And let me just mention, we're both broke students scraping by. That 65 bucks she wants me to pay? That's practically my entire grocery budget for two weeks! My parents aren't rolling in dough either, so I can't just ask them for more money.

Am I being the asshole here for refusing to pay up? I don't think so. In case y'all missed it, I haven't touched a drop of alcohol since July! And she knows that! It's not like I dictated what wine she should order either. She made that decision all on her own. So why should I have to foot the bill for her fancy taste in wine?

You know what? I've got a sneaking suspicion that her fiance might be behind this nonsense. Maybe he saw the bill and questioned why it was so damn high. Who knows? I'm just speculating here, but it seems fishy to me. And let's not forget, they probably have a joint bank account. So, why not just blame me for the extra cost, right?

Look, I've always believed in going dutch and paying for what you actually consume. It's worked perfectly fine all these years! But suddenly, out of nowhere, my friend has this outrageous expectation that I should fork over half the cost of her precious wine. Yeah, right.

So, fellow Redditors, I need your wisdom. Am I in the wrong here for standing my ground and refusing to pay? Or is my friend just being a greedy jerk? Because honestly, I'm at a loss for words, and I could really use some advice on how to handle this sticky situation.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? I just happened to stumble upon this thread and I gotta say, there's something that's been bugging me about this Moon Knight dude. Like, seriously, who does he think he is?

So apparently, this guy has trained in almost every fighting style known to man. Boxing, kung fu, eskrima, judo, karate, ninjutsu, savate, muay thai  you name it, he's done it. And he's an Olympic-level athlete too. Wow, give this guy a medal already!

But here's the thing that really grinds my gears. He doesn't even bother blocking punches! Taskmaster, who can copy anyone's moves, said that Moon Knight would rather take a hit than defend himself. Seriously? Who says that? "Oh, don't mind me, I'll just let you punch me in the face." What a genius strategy, bro.

And get this, his superpowers come from the Egyptian moon god Khonshu. Yeah, you heard that right. The fuller the moon, the stronger he gets. So basically, he's like a werewolf but without the fur. I wonder if he howls at the moon when he's feeling extra powerful? That would be a sight to see.

But wait, there's more! This guy has a whole arsenal of fancy weapons too. He's got throwing darts, nunchaku, a bo staff, and even a truncheon. I mean, who even uses a truncheon these days? Is he trying to be an old-timey cop or something? And apparently, he's an expert with throwing weapons, so watch out for flying objects if you ever cross paths with him.

Oh, and did I mention that he has a helicopter? Yep, a freaking helicopter. Because why not? I guess being a superhero means you need some fancy transportation, right? I wonder if he uses it to pick up groceries or just to show off. Either way, it seems a bit excessive to me.

But hey, it's not all bad. Moon Knight does have some cool gadgets. Like this golden stick that glows when danger is near. Yeah, because we all need a glowing stick to tell us when something bad is about to happen. Maybe he should invest in a crystal ball too, just to be safe. And let's not forget the ivory boomerang  because nothing says superhero like throwing a piece of bone at your enemies.

Oh, and get this. At one point, he had a whole set of high-tech weaponry made out of adamantium. Sound familiar? Yeah, like Wolverine's claws. Originality at its finest, folks. Not to mention the fact that he had spiked knuckles, because apparently punching someone in the face just isn't enough anymore.

But don't worry, he's got backup plans too. He can suit up in armor made of carbonadium, which can support weights far greater than what he can lift. I don't know about you, but I never leave my house without my trusty joint-locking, weight-supporting underwear. It's fashion meets practicality, people.

And let's not forget his remote-controlled vehicles. A white limousine for when he wants to feel classy as "Mr. Knight", and a crescent-shaped drone/glider for when he wants to embrace his inner moon spirit. Because driving a regular car is just too mainstream, I guess.

All in all, Moon Knight may have all these fancy gadgets and fighting skills, but personally, I think he's just trying too hard. Maybe he should focus on actually blocking punches instead of relying on the moon to make him strong. In the meantime, I'll just sit back and enjoy the show as he flies around in his helicopter, throwing ancient weapons at villains.

Keep doing you, Moon Knight. Just maybe learn how to take a hit without breaking your face, yeah?
------
Hey y'all, I guess I'm here to share my crazy-ass story from last night. Brace yourselves, 'cause it's a wild ride.

So, let me start by giving you some background. I met this girl at summer camp a while back, and let's just say things got pretty heated between us. She's a total babe, and I was stoked to finally be in my first real relationship. But here's the catch: she lives allllll the way in Seattle, and I'm stuck down here in North Carolina. Like, seriously? Talk about bad luck. Anyway, none of my friends or family had any clue about this chick, 'cause I'm a sneaky little shit who likes to keep things on the DL. Well, that was until last night happened.

So, Hurricane Florence was storming through my neck of the woods, and this girl decides it's a brilliant idea to come over to my place and seek shelter. Apparently, she was originally planning to hit up California with her friends, but hey, who cares about logic when it comes to natural disasters, right? So, there she is, in the middle of the freaking hurricane zone, and I'm like, "Yeah, girl, you can totally crash at my place. It's gonna be a blast!" Little did I realize the utter chaos I was inviting into my life.

As soon as I agreed to let her stay, panic set in. I mean, my parents had no idea she even existed, and now they were gonna have to deal with her being around all the time. And did I mention I hadn't seen this girl in two whole months? Like, how am I supposed to live under the same roof as someone I barely know? This is some next-level shit, people. And on top of that, I couldn't even bring myself to express my concerns to her. Why? 'Cause I'm an introverted mess who's scared shitless of losing the closest thing to a relationship I've ever had. Oh, and I'm a total cybersecurity freak, so I gotta use https everywhere, like some paranoid weirdo.

So, I finally gather the courage to spill the beans to my parents. My mom was not having it, to say the le
------
Okay, let's get to it. I don't know about you guys, but I'm so tired of all this talk about Singapore's economy and work-life balance. Like seriously, can we move on from this already? I mean, sure, the government is trying to implement this flexible work award thing, but who knows if it will actually make a difference?

And don't even get me started on people who complain about work-life balance but then criticize any attempts to improve it. Talk about being hypocritical. The whole point is to be productive, not just waste time in the office. You know what the real problem is? It's the damn pipeline congestion and bottleneck. We spend half our time waiting for things to get moving and the other half rushing to finish everything. It's ridiculous.

Now, let's talk about social security and taxes. Some people seem to think that CPF is just another tax, but it's not. It's your own money, okay? You're using it to take care of yourself in the future, not relying on the government or taxing the working class. So stop complaining about it.

But here's the thing, I don't want social security to become some kind of safety net where people can just lounge around and not contribute anything. Yeah, there are people who really need the help, but our country needs to be productive to survive. We can't rely on natural resources, people. That's where Tharman's social trampoline idea comes in. The government will help you out, but only if you put in the effort to improve yourself and be productive. It's all about bouncing back and flying higher, baby!

Now, let's get to freedom of speech. Look, I'm all for expressing your opinions and all that, but we can't just have unrestricted freedom of speech. We need some restrictions, okay? And we should review them regularly to see what works and what doesn't. It's called common sense, people.

I support LGBT rights, but let's be real here. We're treading on a minefield called religion in thi
------
Man, seriously, what the hell are you even talking about? Are you trying to defend that racist cartoon or something? Because it sounds like you're just trying to make excuses for it. 

First of all, who cares if Sambo was a Native American? That doesn't change the fact that the cartoon had racist undertones. It's like saying, "Hey, I didn't mean to be offensive, so it's all good." Well, newsflash, intentions don't matter when it comes to racism. The impact of something is what counts, and clearly, a lot of people were offended by that cartoon.

And don't give me that "oh, people are just being too sensitive" crap. It's not about being sensitive, it's about standing up against racism and calling it out when we see it. If more people had your attitude, then we'd just be perpetuating a society where racism is normalized. Is that really the kind of world you want to live in?

You also bring up this whole left vs. right nonsense, as if it's some kind of competition about who gets offended more. Seriously, dude, grow up. This isn't about politics, it's about basic human decency. If someone from the right says something offensive, then yeah, they should be called out on it too. It's not about falling into lockstep or kowtowing, it's about holding people accountable for their actions.

And let me tell you something, just because someone claims to have conservative values doesn't mean they get a free pass to be a bigot. We should be challenging those values and pushing for a more inclusive society. It's not about ridiculing individuals, it's about addressing harmful ideologies and behaviors. So stop trying to play the victim here and pretending like it's some kind of unfair targeting.

Look, I get it, there are always extreme voices on both sides of any debate. But that doesn't mean we should dismiss valid criticisms. There are times when being offended is absolutely warranted, especially when it comes to issues of race. And that cartoon was definitely a racial caricature, whether the artist meant it or not.

Instead of defending Mark Knight's screw-up, maybe we should be demanding accountability. Maybe he should apologize for the hurt his cartoon caused and acknowledge the racial implications. But instead, he and the Herald Sun decided to double down and play the victim card themselves. It's honestly pathetic.

So, no, I'm not buying into your excuses. Racism is not something we should brush off or downplay. It's time we start having real conversations about these issues and work towards a more inclusive and equal society. And we can start by calling out problematic cartoons and demanding better from our media.
------
Sorry, but I'm unable to continue the text for you.
------
Yo, what's up fellow Redditors? Just stumbled upon this thread and thought I'd throw in my two cents. Now, I ain't no expert on Chinese culture or anything, but I've got a few thoughts on the stuff you mentioned.

First off, the subjugation of women. Yeah, it was definitely a thing in ancient China. But guess what? It wasn't just them! Christian culture in the Western world also treated women as second-class citizens until not too long ago. It wasn't until after World War II that women started gaining more rights and respect. So, both sides got their fair share of misogyny going on.

And let's talk about foot-binding. Yeah, that shit was messed up. But hey, no culture is perfect, right? Every society has its own messed-up traditions that we look back on and cringe. So, let's not act like our own backyard is squeaky clean.

Arranged marriages? Yup, they were a thing in China. But you know what? Europe had plenty of those too! Power struggles, claims to thrones, you name it. People were getting hitched to secure alliances and wealth. So, arranged marriages weren't exclusive to China, my friend.

Now, I see you brought up no-fault divorce. And honestly, I don't get why you think it's a bad thing. If a couple doesn't love each other anymore, why should they be forced to stay together and create even more conflict? Let them move on and find happiness elsewhere, you know? Seems pretty logical to me.

Oh, concubines. Yeah, they existed in ancient China. But guess what? Even in the Bible, good ol' Abraham took a slave as his concubine because his wife was infertile. So, can we say hypocritical much? These things happened in different cultures, man. We can't judge them solely based on our own values.

And let's not forget about polygamy. The Romans, for example, had laws stating that citizens could only have one wife. That's right, monogamy was encouraged! Other cultures, on the other hand, embraced polygamy. So, it ain't fai
------
Your analysis is decent, but I completely disagree with the conclusion you came to in your first point. You broke down their decision into the probability of success and determined that since Eren chose the option with a lower chance of winning, he made a short-sighted choice that endangered everyone. But this is a very narrow-minded way of thinking as it completely disregards the outcomes. Yes, you mentioned the results, but let's really consider what could happen.

If they had chosen to stay inside the wall instead of using Eren as bait for the female titan the first time, they would have lost the gamble and lost numerous valuable comrades. The second time around, they almost lost the female titan again and gained nothing from capturing her in the end. They even sacrificed their entire corps as fodder in order to secure the final win and reveal the truth. 

During each fight, they had little chance of success and a high chance of the enemy getting ahold of Eren and causing multiple casualties. However, they took into account the alternative, which was eventual annihilation. As Eren proclaimed early on in the series, they couldn't just sit idly by and be slaughtered like cattle inside the walls. That choice was taken away from them when the enemy attacked and kept on attacking. Hiding behind their wall was simply waiting for inevitable doom.

Their enemy was relentless and continued their pursuit. Eren, as well as Erwin, realized this and every action taken was with this in mind. Their options were as follows: 1) Play it safe, survive for now, remain as unprepared as they were at the start, and ultimately get slaughtered, remaining at the mercy of their attackers. 2) Risk everything and fight. If they win, they survive.

Sounds familiar, doesn't it? Well, it has been Eren's mantra throughout the series. "Fight to live, risk it all for even a glimmer of real freedom! It doesn't matter what's waiting outside the gate or what comes in! It doesn't matter how cruel the world can be or how unjust! Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight! Fight!!!" 

"If you win, you live. If you lose, you die. If you don't fight, you can't win!" This has been Eren's driving force since the beginning. Even after everything that has transpired, the plan became to burden their problems onto future generations with a slow plan, just as their ancestors did to them. Eren may not have much time left to live, but he knows that simply refusing to fight won't solve anything, and he was not wrong. The enemy declared a joint war, and Eren attacked right after that declaration. What do you think their attacks would have changed if Eren hadn't attacked? The world is much more advanced and larger than anyone knew, and they are still scared. But Eren has been fearless from the start. His vision has always been to march towards freedom. After all, he is the wielder of the Attack Titan.

In summary, Eren's plan was not short-sighted. It aligned with every decision they made as a team with Erwin as their leader. People are willing to pass on the burden to future generations, but Eren refuses to do so because he has seen firsthand what happens when that burden grows. He didn't risk 100% safety for an uncertain victory. Instead, he traded a nearly certain eventual doom for a chance at freedom.

Apologies for any poor grammar.
------
