hi there! i actually might be able to help answer this question for you. i'm an electrical engineer who has a couple years experience commissioning power plants and has recently been working in transmission. apologies in advance for the wall of text.
nuclear is costly and difficult to build. there is a ton of risk involved in a nuclear project. if you want proof of this, look up the virgil c summer plant in south carolina. they undertook a 9 billion dollar project several years ago to add two nuclear units to their plant. westinghouse took the project on and it actually managed to bankrupt their nuclear division (westinghouse is one of those oldest names in the power industry). toshiba then tried to salvage it and has sustained massive losses as a result. currently the project is on hold because it is almost <cur>5billion overbudget and no one else wants to try and turn it around.
now, for some cost analysis, one of these units being built supplies roughly 1000 mw to the grid (slightly less but make numbers easier). that means if the project right now were to be complete without any additional spending (impossible) it would be approximately <cur>14b spent to produce 2000mw. thats ignoring the costs of running.
a natural gas plant? the last one i was on had about a <cur>600m budget and produced just under 500mw. construction from start to finish took less than 3 years. that means in terms of cost per megawatt, this plant was about <cur>1.2mill per mw compared to the <cur>7m per megawatt of a finish v.c summer plant. even if the plant never went over budget, its still over triple the cost and a much longer turnaround time.
now, all of this is before you even get to running the plant. nuclear plants are a nightmare for two reasons. the first is the huge impact they have on the grid when a unit "trips" offline. nerc is a federal organization that was put in place after the 2003 blackout to prevent an incident like that from reoccuring. they place strict regulations on any equipment that connects to our transmission grid. performing work in a nuclear site is a nightmare because of this.
second major reason is the potential for a major accident. everyone has heard of chernobyl, a plant in russia that went critical in the 1980s and left a whole city uninhabitable to this day. the estimate fatality count of this disaster was roughly 4000 lives. but chernobyl has not been the only incident. fukushima and three mile island are two other major disasters that you can read into if you are interested.
technology has gotten better in recent times and these plants have gotten a lot safer, but these are just factors to consider. i personally think we are headed in the right direction with nuclear, but we don't want to over extend ourselves trying to go 100% nuclear in a country this big too quickly.
------
" i think it's also important to define how we'll be using the term " abortion. " i define an abortion ( for this conversation ) as the intentional termination of a pregnancy through chemical or surgical means. " i would add before it can survive outside the uterus. > i'd be curious what right isn't a man - made choice but this is a red herring and also completely irrelevant. i have made a mistake is not " undeniable " is inalienable rigths, english is not my first language " definition of inalienable rights * * noun * * 1. rights that are not alienable 2. rights that are not transferable or capable of being taken away or nullified [ < url > ] ( < url > ) " to the rigth to think freely nobody can stop you from doing it and you do not depend on an outside force to do it ( pill, tool, medical expert e. g. c ), which completely different in the case of abortion, because a pregnant woman cannot do it on her own, she can give birth on her breast but not abort. thats what i mean with man made " rigth ". im not trying to chance the subject with a " red herring " > you're equating legality with morality ( it's amusing that you mention this right before talking about the worth of a person of color ). the idea that the government can make a law that implies that if you do already know before the 25th week of pregnancy you no longer have the option and are subsequently reduced to a human incubator doesn't mean i agree with it. two, you're negating that their vast majority of abortions have already been determined with the option before the 25th week. there's no mass movement of women over 25wks pregnant demanding abortions. \ - legality and morlity are influence each other, they are also subjective, it was the morality of one group that made law of slavery and then the morality of another group abolished that law. i dont say law and morals are the opposite thing but influence each other greatly. \ - goverment is quite important in the case of abortion, it fully or partially funds abortion, and as there's no mass movement of women over 25wks pregnant demanding abortions, there is also not a mass movement looking to stop government funding abortion and make it totally private. \ - women are not reduced to be incubators!, they are born that way all female mammals are, all women have the capacity of being incubators for human beings. it wasnt the government that made them this way, evolution has led to this, their hole reprudctive system has a purpose of getting genetic material for a new human being. evolution has not led to a capacity for the female to stop a pregnancy of her own. > " irrelevant to the context. even if we grant a fetus every right afforded to you or i, that still doesn't give it the right to use the body of another against that person's will in order to survive. " > > " body integrity, i do not think that means what you think that means. it's the bodily integrity of the woman that's being violated, not the fetus. it is the body of the woman that's being used to sustain the life of another, not the fetus. i noticed that this concept has been explained to you multiple times in other comments but for some reason it's still not clicking. " \ - i think the example of slavery does have relation, slaves didnt have their rigth to " bodily integrity " even duh they had a body and then with progress this rigth and many more were recognized to them. \ - i do understand what is body integrity, the disagreement is wheter the baby in womb should have recognition of its body integrity. the baby is not violating the body of the woman, the baby comes from the woman both from her genetic material and her choices, like having sex. the baby is a consequences of the nature of the woman, of the sexual organs that all women have, the baby didnt make a choice. the baby fits all the requirements for " bodily integrity ", the goverments accept this but only after the 25th week. the process of conception of human beings, comes from evolution if women dont wanna have babies they have many choices ( at least in western countries ) or they can create a new religion and blame the fact on the devil : )
------
okay let me break it down...because like i said, i had no idea who the other guy was until this morning...so this is definitely not a biased opinion coming from a fan of his. in fact if anything, i am sort of a fan of eminems. his older stuff got crazy play time in the car when i was in high school (in the 90's). then i just kinda stopped listening to hip hop all together until recent years. when kamikaze dropped, i was like hmm okay...let me give a shot. first track.... fucking fire and brimstone. i was like holy shit, this is the eminem i remember. i dont like the whole album, but a lot of it is good - to me. okay so, moving on..when i woke up this morning, i heard "rap devil" for the first time in my life. do i think its revolutionary? not at all. but, it sounds like mgk is speaking actual "truth"...he talks about how eminem is rich but still acting like a cry baby (and in my opinion he has a point).. he talks about how he (mgk) has gotten to where he is without the help of dr dre...now i have no idea about the career of mgk, so i am not sure how true that is, but, eminem was definitely helped by dr. dre. that is fact. he talks about their height in the line about looking up or whatever , which i thought was pretty funny. he mentions how eminem acts tough but pays millions for security etc..again...i think this is pretty funny and also truthful. he talks about how it took 6 years to comeback with a diss.. which again, is kinda true.. yes i know about the technine thing. but still. he talks about eminem trying to get record labels to put the other guys stuff on hold, and calling wanting an apology etc. again..not sure if it's actually true...but enimen didn't say anything about this in killshot (unless i missed it)...so to me, it kinda leans in the direction of it must be true. then i listen to killshot... i left hickeys on rihannas neck...i was watching 8 mile on a norditrack... heres an autograph...like what the fuck is that? you have a man bun.... then the track starts to get better..until the cereal part. that is when it gets bad again in my opinion. oh, you said 4 when it was actually 3 albums...i guess you cant count hur hur hur...lame. im not saying the entire track is like this, because its not. but to me, this track shows it seams. the rhythm, the beat, it's just not very good. along with the other things i mentioned. i guess i just expected more, especially after always reading how terrified rappers are of enimen. that just didn't seem like it came from "the greatest rapper".
------
>> tesla was nothing before him.
>
>and it still is with him. the output is laughable by even his own measure as he struggles to even hit his own arbitrary goals.
they pulled in <cur>4 billion in revenue last quarter. they are far from profitable, but you're really attempting to argue they're no better off than when musk took over? they're a globally recognized brand worth <cur>50 billion. i'm sure you could do that in your sleep though, right? lol
>> bezos is worth <cur>165 billion. musk was a failed rocket launch from going bankrupt back when spacex was starting out and is intimately involved in the engineering and design of the rockets, while bezos is not.
>
>>you think bezos doesn't read? are you attempting to shame musk for reading to better himself? lol wow.
>
>remember that part about raping government for funds - you're only pointing out using the space x example. space x hasn't done anything revolutionary. reusing rockets was possible decades ago.
bullshit. no one did it. musk did it. therefore it was revolutionary. how is he raping the government? you're using hyperbolic words intentionally because your argument sucks so you need to exaggerate to seem like you have a point. does lockheed martin "rape" the government too with their government contracts?
>companies don't do it because it's not economically feasible. also, it almost went bankrupted at his helm.
it is economically feasible, as shown by musk. so at first you're saying any rich person can build a rocket company and now you're blaming musk for not having enough money initially to start it up? you're just looking for stuff to be mad about. you arguments suck ass.
>how's solar city working out?
it was bought out by tesla. what's your point?
>in terms of bezos, of course he reads, but he doesn't brag about it like elon does and think he has a hand in every engineering feat. he lets people who are actually has expertise do the work. you see bezos holding a pity party at his warehouse pretending to pack amazon shipments?
you're equating packing shipments to designing rockets? do you know that musk is also the chief designer at spacex? another fucking dumbass point.
>> absolutely garbage opinion. the opinion of someone that's probably never tried to accomplish anything significant in his life. musk didn't start with anything. he was an immigrant that nearly went bankrupt multiple times. he is as self-made a billionaire as there ever was.
>
>just like your opinionated statement. if musk came from what i have, i doubt he would be a billionaire either. my parents weren't owners of diamond mines or even functionally literate. we all get dealt the cards we have. i don't need to jerk him off like you do.
i'm jerking him off for pointing out that it's absolutely retarded to think anyone could do what musk has? no, it's not just like my statements, because my statements aren't fucking stupid.
>> companies worth billions? laughable. no you couldn't.
>
>based on book value, his company is actually worth less than zero, so actually, yes i can. only dummies like you want to keep propping him up while he burns your money through public offerings. unfortunately, i don't have a choice since he likes to raid government funding. he's already on to the next scam, to build tunnels lol. funding secure on that too?
i don't own any of his stock. can't wait to see you start your multiple billion dollar company though. c'mon dude, you're just a temporarily embarrassed billionaire definitely not an insecure loser that has to criticize successful people to make himself feel better about his lack of accomplishments.
------
this post in particular is referencing job recruiters at staffing firms, who are recruiting for companies other than their own.
a few years ago i worked as a technical recruiter. we would receive job requisitions which detailed the position, these requisitions came from large tech companies. then as a recruiter it was my job to go on job boards such as indeed, monster, etc and look through resumes and find someone who would be a good fit for the position.
we would call and email any and all potential candidates to get them to apply for the position through the staffing firm.
that sounds good right? well this is where all good thoughts are thrown out the window.
if one of the recruits gets the job, then their salary comes through the staffing firm, not the company they are working at.
this might differ between staffing firms but they have what are known as pay rates and base rates. the pay rate is what is listed on the job requisition form. this is what the company would roughly pay the recruit if they worked for the company directly (maybe a little lower). the base rate is the salary the recruiter tells you.
the base rate is always lower than then pay rate due to other fees and costs. that is standard. however recruiters are encouraged by their companies to get people into jobs are the lowest possible rate. furthermore the actual pay rate is never disclosed to the recruit. this is because the staffing firm and the recruiter earn the difference between the pay rate and base rate.
the final straw for me was when one of my co-workers successfully recruited a veteran to a high paying position with a pay rate of <cur>65 an hour. the recruiter convinced the recruit to take the job at <cur>25 an hour. so for every hour the veteran worked the staffing agency would earn roughly <cur>30.
instead of reprimanding the recruiter for taking such blatant advantage of someone, the recruiter was paraded around the office in celebration.
i'm sure that their are staffing firms that encourage more ethical practices but their are also ones like what i described above.
in conclusion, if you are ever contacted by a recruiter be very cautious and don't get drawn into their sweet talk. they will talk you up and make you think that they are your friend, but they just want you for money. so if you do take a job from a recruiter push for a higher salary and then do it a few more times.
tl;dnr: when working with recruiters be very careful as they will manipulate you and take advantage of you.
------
i was reading a book called " the porn trap " by a psychologist named wendy maltz. in it, she talks about the extreme damage porn can do to relationships and she mentions the fact how it can take a minimum of 18 months for a person's dopamine receptors to fully heal from all the damage of extreme stimulation. 90 days of nofap is great, but it's just a start. for some of us, it may take longer, some without us it may take a shorter amount of time depending on how deep we're stuck in this mud. that got me thinking : most of us have never seen our true potential. there are many guys walking around who literally jerked off their teens and their 20s and have never experienced their full strength as a man. it's like walking around with a cellphone on perpetual " low power mode ". most of us have never seen our true masculinity, our true personalities shine through when we get rid of this crap. most of us have never seen our peak hormone and testosterone levels optimized because the chemical cocktail of pmo has depressed that function. most of us have never seen ourselves operating at our peak levels of effectiveness, efficiency, productivity, drive, determination. most of us haven't had a true relationship with another person and if we have a significant other, most of me have never really connected with him / her. most of us haven't really had a good lifestyle routine in terms of sleep, hygiene, good habits, and responsible technology use. the only real relationship we've had has been with the women on porn who demand nothing but offer us everything. for most of us, our prefrontal cortex is severely weakened, not allowing us to be effective or show up as the men we want to be. most of us still have the self - image and identity of being that jerk who was rejected by girls in high school in college, who was a loser in his group of friends, who had to resort to videos on their cellphone and hand lotion just to feel any sense of intimacy. i spent my lot of my youth being stimulated in some way whether through hours and hours of fps video games, hours - long edging and masturbation sessions with or without some sort of erotic content, spending hours on the computer just browsing for clickbait trash, just eating excessive junk meat with high sugar, high starches, and high blood. giant wastes of time and vitality flushed down the drain. everything felt like a chore to me. i loved basketball but i was so weak and lethargic on the basketball court. i loved hanging out with my friends, but to dismiss the anxiety i got around hanging out with women, i would have to " rub one out " before parties. i was a literal shell. it's really scary to me because on hard mode at this point, i've seen so much gain and benefit. who will i be 18 months after that fact? and i'm only 20? only time will tell. it's scary and exciting at the same time. what would society look like if men collectively stopped plugging into porn and started plugging into life? what a world it would be. in this day and age, every man will have some sort of relationship with porn, whether through accident or curiosity. some will see it one time and be done with it. some will have it as an acquaintance. some will have it as a close lover. some will identify themselves with porn. it's up to every man to decide whether to invite porn into his life or to say " no thanks, i'd rather choose a life of reality over fantasy ".
------
so for context, i'm spending some distance abroad and my days usually consist of walking to the train station to ride to various cities, spending the day exploring, then taking the train back to the house of the family friends i'm staying with. i'm female and i turned 18 fairly recently and i'm traveling alone. usually on the train to and from wherever i'm going, i just sit quietly hugging myself and listen to music. sometimes i'll fix my hair in the reflection of the window but that's it. i don't do anything to attract attention, so i get annoyed when random men start conversations with me. don't get me wrong, if someone is just trying to ask the time or what stop the train is at, i'll gladly answer, but i don'd like having full blown conversations. in addition, i purposely try to make myself less approachable by wearing headphones and not looking anyone in the eye. if someone does start a conversation with me, i don't have the guts to tell them to leave me alone but i act very vague and dismissive with my responses as well as cut the conversation off as soon as i can. i know that this is typical asshole behavior but i feel justified in doing it because i don't feel obligated to have conversations with strangers on the train. i're not antisocial or anything, i love the idea of meeting new people, but it makes me mad when random men on public transit try to start lengthy conversations with me but my actions / body language make it clear i want to be left alone. also just to clarify, i'm not trying to sound sexist, i would be just as annoyed if a woman did this, but so obviously i've only had this experience with men. edit : you probably should've originally given more context in my original post. i was prompted to write this piece after i was approached by a man asking me where the train was pulling into, i answered and started to put my headphones back in but he kept making conversation so i was polite or gave short answers while trying to subtly indicate that i didn't really want to talk. at that point i was a little annoyed, but it became extremely uncomfortable when the train stopped and he followed me out and started asking me personal questions like my name, age, where i was staying, if i ha a boyfriend, etc. even after i said i had a boyfriend, he ended up following me all the way to my taxi while telling me how much he liked me when he saw me on the train. in my home country, it's a well known " unspoken rule " that it's considered creepy to start talking to a woman on public transit with headphones on, especially if you start blatantly hitting on her. despite cultural differences, i know i had every right to be creeped out when he started following me / asking more personal questions. i made this post because i generally shut down advances from men on public transit. i don't do it purposely to be mean. i do it to avoid uncomfortable and / or potentially dangerous situations, but there's no way to convey that to complete strangers, which is why i think it has the potential to be asshole - ish but it also has the potential to be not asshole - ish.
------
yes, we disagree here. sex is a reward like alcohol, in my opinion. it feels good for the moment but drains you in the long run. no pleasure in this life is without its downsides. i do think that humans are different than animals. even though the primal instincts are still there, we are where we are because we conquered these drives and started building civilizations. if our ancestors would have decided to keep on having sex in their caves 24/7 we would have never advanced. evolution would have stopped there. luckily, the repression of our primal instincts and drives led us to the life of luxury and higher, mental, spiritual joys, absent of all dangers and most of the evils we could experience. i will never be eaten by a lion cause my ancestors repressed their drives and started inventing things. fun to think about, but that's another topic.
i did not talk about you. i talked about the average person in the west nowadays. our slightly sex-crazed society creates at least equally sex-obsessed individuals through hollywood culture, movies, music and especially pornography. i don't know if you are addicted to sex. addiction is the continuous engagement in something despite adverse consequences. to me, personally, every ejaculation is a little death. hence the french call it "la petite morte", the small death. a very fitting term. indulgence in sexuality would be only a little problem if people were able to control it. but as experience shows, the vast majority of humans are not. we have more problems with masturbation, pornography, sexualization of everyone, even minors, rape, and even sex-addiction nowadays than ever before. sexual freedom is at its peak as well. it's only being viewed as something entirely positive, cause sex is fun, how couldn't it be positive, right? but people quickly forget that drinking is fun too. drugs are fun. i know that, done lots of them. short-term pleasures never mean long-term happiness though. that's what most people don't consider when they engage in casual sex, drugs, drinking, and other stuff. i agree that masturbation feels like a loss, a waste, but i would disagree that sex with a girl feels like success. it just feels good, that's all. i don't depend my self-worth on something as shallow as that.
but that's just my two cents mate. as i said before, if it makes you happy, i won't and wouldn't want to stand in your way. happiness is the objective of my life, and i think it's never wrong, unless your happiness is hurting people.
------
> where again? i've never uttered the word. in a conversation about a person being punched in the face and it being justified for being okay because they are a nazi... and the course of the discussion, then you saying " so is any antifa punch to you puss'faces. " in response to stating that violence that is a response to violence is the only acceptance, particularly in the context of d - day. given the context of the conversation... you are trying to validate the attack or punch to faces to'you puss'faces. " again - i've said it could have been misread, likely due to the poor spelling or structure, and offer you the opportunity to correct your perceived stance. i offer you again to enlighten me to your meaning. > i'm jewish. i'm atheist. i'm glad that we have expressed political concepts that are completely irrelevant to the discussion. > they're dogmatic doxosophers. and i'm not in favor of taking chances to convert one with sanity, while using others to recruit a thousand lost causes with falsehoods and propaganda, while dangering my people. especially in this internet day and age, when we are hyper - connected as if we were an ant colony. then let's break this down to brass tacks. are you for the use of violence to silence people? > unfortunately they aren't. our blind faith ( not knowledge ) is omnipotent. those guys not knowing blame their train wreck of personalities having terrible life choices on us, they'd blame us in a completely irrelevant matter, like falling down off a tricycle. then your argument is weak. you don't argue to convince your debate partner, you argue to convince the people watching. if you are incapable of having this kind of charisma, then you are better served by letting those who are capable to do the talking. in the last 60 years, talking things out has been extremely useful. the only reason there have so many nazis today, is because the term nazi has become so overused until it can ( and has ) be used against anyone left of bernie sanders. > let's also not kid ourselves by ignoring that the prepping types of them are counting days'til their " day of the revolution " comes. yeah, well lets pretend that the confederates aren't doing it same thing, and have it just. .. so much ground on that. just because a few wackos are doomsday prepping, doesn't mean that there is a doomsday coming. > so no, cut the humanitarian bullshit. no. having principles is how you win this culture war. you want the violence against your people to end... well... initiating violence is not the path. promoting violence is not the behalf. excusing violence... is not the path.
------
> subjugation of women very much a part of christian culture as well, women were subservient to men in the western world until after the second world war, that is 1950+
i am talking about christian doctrines, not culture. everyone falls short of the ideal. god says to love one another. men and women are designed to be perfect servants of each other. when genesis says that men have authority over their wives, that means responsibility. men go to work, and will defend their wife and family with their lives. those who abuse their position will have hell to pay.
> no-fault divorce don't really know why this is bad, if a couple no longer loves eachother then why wouldn't they be capable of absolving their marriages without the need to create a conflict to start?
no offense, but this is an example of the spiritual blindness that i mentioned. a claim of the faith is that only god has the power to "marry" people. it is a physical and spiritual event of their bodies and souls. once done, it can't be undone except in cases of adultery. god made marriage very intimate for procreation and happiness. no-fault divorce turns "marriage" into a superficial contract, and defiles the sacredness of intimacy. it has led to open adultery, broken families, pornography, moral decay, hedonism, decadence and much more. if you don't truly love someone at a spiritual level, don't get married.
> concubines in the bible, abraham takes a slave as his concubine, hagar, as his wife is infertile, so hypocritical?
many things in the bible are there to tell us what not to do, especially in the old testament. the old testament is about god lifting mankind out of barbarism towards holiness. god then most fully reveals himself as jesus, the messiah. he put it this way in matthew 19:8 ""moses permitted you to divorce your wives because your hearts were hard. but it was not this way from the beginning. i tell you that anyone who divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, and marries another woman commits adultery."
> roman marriage this was due to their republican and egalitarian ideals (at least, egalitarian for their time period.)
didn't you read down further in your own source in the concubinage section that they would have polygamy with prostitutes? the old roman empire was extremely barbaric. women would present new-born babies to who they thought the father was. if the father did not like it, he would run a sword through it, or throw it away. christians created orphanages to care for these discarded children, and the weak that roman society preyed upon. also, roman culture was in no way uniform. it was a collection of conquered cultures. hellenists and others had some noble attempts at sanctity, but it was no place where you would want to drop off your children. that said, judeochristianity teaches that all people come from god. the moral truth is in our hearts, but people have full free-will...and they usually fall into vices (sin) for temporary pleasure. those who have not yet been given the gospel, will be judged on how they followed their conscience.
> paganism paganism is just a term of christendom to say people follow a polytheistic form of religion,
who told you that? polytheism is specific to "multiple gods". poly means many. paganism is worship of the material universe or things that come from it (trees, mountains, clouds, stars, wind, thunder, etcetera). there is neo-paganism today, with people worshiping the earth or the environment.
> open orgies with children and infanticide source please for this,
* "infanticide became a capital offense in roman law in 374 ad, but offenders were rarely if ever prosecuted" : <url>
* regarding orgies, i visited pompey italy. they still have brothel and bath houses decorated with murals for the sexual services offered. <url>
> for the romans specificly it was quite destabilizing at the very least
thank god. no more brutal colosseum. christians turned the roman empire upside-down with love and charity. do you deny that romans fed christians to wild animals in the colosseum for "entertainment"? that should give you some sense of the brutality that christendom overcame. caesar used to have oil pored on christians and light them afire outside the colosseum. <url>
> catholic christianity (split-off)
catholic christianity did not split off from anything. it was established by jesus christ as reflected in matthew 16:18 "18 and i tell you that you are peter,[b] and on this rock i will build my church, and the gates of hades[c] will not overcome it. 19 i will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven; whatever you bind on earth will be[d] bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be[e] loosed in heaven." it is actually a transfer of the authority from the jews, the chair of moses.
the catholic church is the continuation of the true line of judaism. everyone claims authority and starts their own sects. to make his case, jesus christ allowed himself to be brutally executed in the most public way possible. he then rose from the dead as he predicted, fulfilling over 400 prophecies in the old testament. read [psalm 22](<url>) for example, or [isaiah 53](<url>), which were written centuries beforehand. don't confuse the "jews" and judaism of today with judaism in jesus's time. there were many sects in jerusalem, and jesus said that they had become a wicked generation...all but losing the faith. the jews today are descendants of those sects that did not recognize the messiah.
> in my own homecountry, the netherlands, there would be a priest spreading his faith, to then put his staff or what he was carrying into the ground
that sounds pretty bad. please don't judge the faith by such things. i was a skeptic and even anti-christian for most of my life. one thing that changed was that i started having a deeper appreciation for virtues. saint thomas aquinas pointed out that for each of the deadly sins, there is a life-sustaining virtue. this made sense to me because could see how vices (sin) were self-destructive. vices are : entitlement (pride), envy, greed, lust, sloth (laziness), gluttony, and anger. virtues are humility, kindness, charity, diligence, self-control and forgiveness. if you can imagine your mind in eternity with other minds, such things become extremely important. that is part of how i came to understand god. he is perfected in moral virtues, because he has to. anything else would be chaos. long story, but as i was studying ethics, history, etc, god gave me a baptism-of-faith experience. i've since run into many other who had similar experiences. this guy had a more intense experience than mine: <url>
based on your knowledge of history, it seems like you are genuinely interested in history, and mankind's pursuit of knowing virtues and vices. i would recommend this talk on it: <url>
------
to remember being at a party right after highschool where a friend of mine, let's call him * * gill * *, was kicked out by the girl who was hosting because he'd previously raped or taken advantage of her at an earlier party. she was furious and told him to get the fuck out. gill was known to all of us to be at the very least a womanizer and a dude who would sleep with anything and anyone. gill has never been prosecuted for his transgressions. that girl never went to the police. doesn't mean that didn't happen. he's married now and is presumably not engaging in such behavior any longer. i'm really not sure why those like kavanaugh think it's so absurd and he or other young boys did ( and continue to do ) what has been alleged. to be quite frank, i've been exposed to more of these sorts of transgressions than the alternative explanation ( i. e. people publicly risking their own reputations to falsely slander someone ). because that's the core of this issue at this point. do you think it is more likely that ( 1 ) kavanaugh was a wild guy in college who tried to take advantage of woman sexually, or ( 2 ) these three ( so far ) women are deep - state, democrat, whatever... plants meant to discredit kavanaugh for political purpose. think about the track record of these things... alito, roberts, gorsuch... all confirmed without such issues. did anyone forget their playbook? bill clinton's accusers were discovered and told they were liars. yet they still firmly stand by their stories. in my opinion, it isn't a coincidence that people like bill clinton and donald trump get accused of these things but people like neil gorsuch and mitt romney don't. the fact is, some men are very sexually driven and will bend or cross the lines of decency to fulfill those desires. none of these behaviors necessarily prohibits anyone from serving in any office, so long as they are not convicted under a court of law. but it does seem rather absurd in this case in particular because there are numerous conservative judges that trump should nominate in kavanaugh's place who would fill the role well. unlike the situation with roy moore, this is not a choice between ( 1 ) seriously consider the truth, vs. ( 2 ) lose a senate seat. this is ( 1 ) seriously consider the accusations, vs. ( 2 ) appoint another conservative without such accusations. now, turning back to my experience with that one guy back in high school. i think there is truth to the notion that these sorts of accusations are politically motivated, because i thought to myself what i would do if gill ever ran for office. if he seemed to be a politician i respected and whose beliefs i thought were good for society, i might be less inclined to risk my own personal life being exposed to accuse him publicly or corroborate the story of that girl if she were to decide to go public. but, if i found his politics to be reprehensible or terrible for the country, then i'd be more willing to take that risk to out him. but, i'd like to think i would be willing to be honest whatever his political affiliation... i just know it'd be easier to do under certain circumstances... c'est la vie.
------
> listen, you clearly think of homosexuals as inferior we'd be pretty weird, considering i'm bi ( and fine with it ) and was named after a gay uncle. but please continue on with your conspiracy theory that everyone who uses boo - boo words you don't like on the internet is a secret nazi who wants to put the minorities in gas chambers! > your incessant need to frequently confront the wrongdoings of jews suggests you possess an irrational disdain for jewish people, which in turn reveals some antisemitic leanings nope. i actually grew up with jewish people, and i try to be pretty thoughtful about my viewpoints on the " jq ". it's something i try not to talk about on reddit outside of certain contexts, such as / u / fernoklumpen's [ thread ] ( < url > ) ( the thread linked in our op ) yesterday... he linked to a / r / fuckthealtright thread about alleged russian shills on the _ donald or something. you can go through that thread and see how i keep asking people to explain how the anti - russian narrative is any different from so - called " nazi " hate speech against the jews, because from my perspective i see them as essentially 1 : 1, [ except that the israel meddling narrative is probably more factually supported than the conspiracy theory against the russians ] ( < url > ). so you can read that image and respond with your thoughts if you want. > you paranoiacally believe that the people investigating the president are anti - white, neocon traitors ( which is the part where you call me an anti - white neocon ). you can't explain why me calling people like [ this ] ( < url > ) or [ this ] ( < url > ) anti - white is any more " paranoid " than you or / u / verysecretcactus calling / u / ultimaregem a " nazi ". if readers're seriously confused why i consider the russian investigation anti - white, it's because you just called me an anti - semite because i've occasionally criticized jews. you don't get to have it both ways. you don't get to say that talking about white gentiles in a certain way is okay, but talking about other nationalities or ethnic groups in the same exact way, that's unacceptable because " fuck you, you were born wrong ". guess what that is? a double standard. and it's a double standard that is anti - white. > you despise when online public platforms exercise their right to freedom of association ( this is the part where you say i hate free speech ). i don't even know what the fuck you're talking about right now. what i hate is double standards. we currently have a civil rights act, and many other forced integrationist laws, for basically twice as long as i've been alive. does it mean i hate freedom of association because i think it's hypocritical that we hold southern lunch counters and midwestern bakeries to higher standards of not - discriminating than some of the most powerful megacorporations in history? does it mean i hate freedom of association if i question how the fuck you're supposed to compete with [ paypal ] ( < url > ) and [ stripe ] ( < url > ) after being cut off completely from access to the financial system, in a country with fiat currency and a central bank where [ competing paper money ] ( < url > ) is highly illegal? > you certainly are leaning on the side of nazism. fuck you, you fucking racist piece of shit. as far as i'm concerned, you basically just called me a kike or nigger. try to do some self - reflection and ask why i might think that without being a " cuuuhrazy radical right - winger " or whatever.
------
i've recently decided to finally sit down and do what i've been wanting to do for a while : weekly fantasy breakdowns. i can't guarantee absolute consistency, but i do look forward to breakdown these matchups week by week. i hope to improve my post game analysis and i would like to share that with this community. this is my first breakdown of the season. nfl fantasy predictions carb00ker's weekly breakdown week 1. falcons v. eagles thursday, september 6th the upcoming thursday night game between the eagles and falcons would've most likely been a fantasy point goldmine before all of our eagles off season woes. however, this matchup has become more complex in the months leading to the start of the nfl season. the eagles offense seems to be in rough shape to start the season. to break it down, the eagles come into this matchup with carson wentz still out from last years from tear, alshon jeffery ( shoulder ) out a minimum of two weeks, jay ajayi recovering from a foot injury, and an underperforming nick foles under center ( at least by what has been seen in the preseason ). it seems the eagles defense is going to be their main key to come out of this and a victory. the philadelphia run defense ranked # 1 in 2017 in yards allowed per game last year ( 79. 2 rypg ) while their pass defense ranked # 4 allowing an average of only 18. 4 total team fantasy points per game. it seems the eagles only weakness on the defense is what they give up in passing yardage, they currently rank # 17 in the league in passing yardage given up. being that jalen mills is listed as the first cb on the depth chart, it is most likely ronald darby will cover the # 2 wr on any falcons roster. though mills is listed as the cb1, he is the slow cb of all two ( combine stats see mills at a 4. 64s 40 yard dash while darby posted a 4. 38 ). calvin ridley's raw talent and lack of experience put up against darby's quickness makes ridley a non - viable fantasy option for wk1. assuming that mills will cover julio jones primarily and knowing that jones is an absolute yardage monster ( # 2 in 2017 @ 1444 total yds ) and that the eagles defence is passing yardage, i'l say you can expect julio to get his in wk1. the eagles stout run defense, however, will make for a low yardage run game which will likely limit devonte freeman's wk1 production. that having been said, the weakness in passing yards could lend for a decent performance from tevin coleman. being that he is the predominant passing back, i'd say he is a viable option for a wk1 flex. lastly, matt ryan should be under heavy pressure throughout the game which likely won't bode well for his performance. last year, matt ryan posted a 48 % completion rate with a 1 - 1 touchdown to interception ratio under pressure. my best bet is he'll more than likely get off to a rough start. on the opposite side, the falcons defense ranked # 9 in rush yards per game and # 12 in pass yards per game in 2017. if nick foles looks anything like what he showed us during the preseason then i can't recommend starting any pass catchers on the eagles side with the exception of zach ertz ( who is a clear weekly starter ). the only things i am interested to see in this offense wk1 are jay ajayi ( recently cleared of a foot injury ) running behind the # 1 o - line in the nfl ( according to pro football focus ). last year ajayi ranked # 18 overall in rushing yards per game at a poor 58. 3 rypg. i am keen to see him as the clear starter against a top 10 run defense. i still wouldn't expect a big game from him however, he should finish the week in the top 24. i am also interested to see who foles will be targeting more between nelson agholor and mike wallace in the absence of alshon jeffery, i do believe one of these two wr's could be a sleeper this season. tl ; dr falcons : start julio jones limited performance from devonte freeman tevin coleman could be possible flex option don't expect matt ryan turnaround this week defense could be a sleeper in deeper leagues eagles : only start ertz with confidence start jay ajayi as an rb2 or flex look out for target battle between wallace and agholor definitely start the defense additional notes : this game should be low to mid scoring, not a great matchup for kickers. i hope i got the format right this time! : )
------
she wouldn't let me get psn for my son's because it's expensive and they don't have to have that. she didn't have boys just 2 girls, she doesn't like video games, yet she lets her kids watch tv and play on tablets. since she doesn't have history with video games, she don't like them. so she finally let me get them psn for their birthday, it was a shared present for them. i was to expensive to drop < cur > 60 for a video game she said. today she brings up that her daughter wants a set of pearl earrings. i said for her birthday, she wants to get it as a just because. i said, " no it can't be just a because because it's not a necessity ". she didn't like that. she said, " yeah just because. " i said, " no because i won't get psn as just because for the boys ". well there started this morning out bad right off hand. we do put are money together. so if i couldn't but something for my kids why can she? there is a huge double standard in my household that's become more and more prevalent. i try to bring this up to her then she gets mad. this goes down to shit she does to me i'm suppose to be ok with it, yet i do it and it's unacceptable. she is also very patient and loving person, probably one of the people i have ever met. sadly she don't see this flaw or whenbi point it out it pisses her off. i use to play video games all the time in my last marriage, at this time in my life i play a video game with my kids on a rare occasion. i love her and our relationship has been pretty rocky this year. when she gets real mad she breaks up with me. she says how she don't care about shit more often than not. everytime she breaks up with me for a day, i cry and have an ugly response. she acts like nothing has happened and doesn't talk to me for a day or two. our relationship is full of constant serious talks, these days. i can say a something rude, and fuck the day is ruined. even if it's because i snip because i'm tired which isn't the excuse but, she can be tired and be rude and snip at me, i'm suppose to get over it instantly. i don't know how to beat this double standard. she brought two girls, i brought two boys, i know boys and girls are diffrent but a double standard needs to stop. the double standards go between her and i. she can say or do something, and it's suppose to be ok, if i do the same thing it's unacceptable. tl ; dr : she wouldnt let me spend on < cur > 60 playstation network for my sons as a just because, yet she thinks it's ok to buy pearl earrings for her daughter as a just because. how to stop a double standards in a relationship?
------
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
------
as is the standard disclaimer, this took place on february 23, 2017. for a few days my back had been hurting, but i didn't really care, as i was in my junior year of high school and i totally didn't care enough. worth mentioning was that i hadn't felt the need to poo for a full week. for understand the importance of that statement, one has to understand that at the time i would take a crap exercise, as in once a day every day. so when i wasn't clearing my pipes, it was a matter for concern. back to the morning of february 23, my was in pain. i couldn't sit up straight at school, i was constantly grunting to cope, but after the first few periods i was managing and it didn't hurt me too much. when school was out, i was feeling little cash money, and decided i wanted not take a nap. today i don't like to wear a shirt at home, but at the time i was very into inspecting my abdomen to see how it was shaping up. classic teenage looking things. anyways, after emptying the old trouser snake, i looked at my mirror then gave my midsection a peek. instead of the sight of my normally rather flat stomach, i was greeted to my body being curved. the left side of my body was considerably more concave than the right, and that's where it lined up with the hurt in my back. panic ensued as i informed my mother. fast forward a half hour, and i'm being inspected at a clinic. of course, the doctors there are quite perplexed, and i need an x - ray. they inform me that i should probably head to the er, since they don't know what to do. at the er, i of course get another x - ray. they wheel me around in a corridor, where i'm comically hunched to the side like the crooked man. i get scanned and it's back to a hospital bed with me. eventually, they pull my mother out to ask her a few questions and tell her what they think. at that point i'm going a mile minute, absolutely terrified of what it could be. one nurse mentioned kidney stones, which also happen to be one of my biggest fears. imagine my surprise when my mom walks in with the doctor and asks me at the last time i " took a crap " was. i tried to recall and realized that i in fact could not remember. it was at that point the doctor informed me that i was absolutely filled with stool. i of course laughed, which hurt like the dickens. they gave me a muscle relaxant, pain killers, and a prescribed stool softener. the next few days were spent with me trying to drop a deuce after drinking a cup of water mixed with powdered laxative. i was met with the sounds of rushing air and no real substance time and time again, until finally the gates opened and i took my first real number 2 in days. to add to it, the more matter i defecated, the more relaxed the muscle became the straighter my body, so i was on a personal mission to push like my life depended on it. tl ; dr i ended up in the hospital because i couldn't give a shit and ended up spasming one of my back muscles. this was only remedied after days of trying to push some crap out with the help of medication. edit from the toilet : it's kinda wild how many people have said they've had a similar or the same problem. we all need to fix our diets. to clarify, what proooobably did it was me eating mini wheats cereal every morning for breakfast, a single nutella to go every lunch, and then whatever my mother made for dinner which tends to be high in protein, medium in carbs, and little fiber. i would also sneak a solid bowl or two after school of mini wheats for second lunch. love me some mini wheats.
------
john 1:1, 2: rs reads: "in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god. he was in the beginning with god." (kj, dy, jb, nab use similar wording.) however, nw reads: "in the beginning the word was, and the word was with god, and the word was a god. this one was in the beginning with god."
which translation of john 1:1, 2 agrees with the context? john 1:18 says: "no one has ever seen god." verse 14 clearly says that "the word became flesh and dwelt among us . . . we have beheld his glory." also, verses 1, 2 say that in the beginning he was "with god." can one be with someone and at the same time be that person? at john 17:3, jesus addresses the father as "the only true god"; so, jesus as "a god" merely reflects his father's divine qualities.--heb. 1:3.
is the rendering "a god" consistent with the rules of greek grammar? some reference books argue strongly that the greek text must be translated, "the word was god." but not all agree. in his article "qualitative anarthrous predicate nouns: mark 15:39 and john 1:1," philip b. harner said that such clauses as the one in john 1:1, "with an anarthrous predicate preceding the verb, are primarily qualitative in meaning. they indicate that the logos has the nature of theos." he suggests: "perhaps the clause could be translated, 'the word had the same nature as god.'" (journal of biblical literature, 1973, pp. 85, 87) thus, in this text, the fact that the word the*os' in its second occurrence is without the definite article (ho) and is placed before the verb in the sentence in greek is significant. interestingly, translators that insist on rendering john 1:1, "the word was god," do not hesitate to use the indefinite article (a, an) in their rendering of other passages where a singular anarthrous predicate noun occurs before the verb. thus at john 6:70, jb and kj both refer to judas iscariot as "a devil," and at john 9:17 they describe jesus as "a prophet."
john j. mckenzie, s.j., in his dictionary of the bible, says: "jn 1:1 should rigorously be translated 'the word was with the god [= the father], and the word was a divine being.'"--(brackets are his. published with nihil obstat and imprimatur.) (new york, 1965), p. 317.
in harmony with the above, at reads: "the word was divine"; mo, "the logos was divine"; ntiv, "the word was a god." in his german translation ludwig thimme expresses it in this way: "god of a sort the word was." referring to the word (who became jesus christ) as "a god" is consistent with the use of that term in the rest of the scriptures. for example, at psalm 82:1-6 human judges in israel were referred to as "gods" (hebrew, 'elo*him'; greek, the*oi', at john 10:34) because they were representatives of jehovah and were to speak his law
the new catholic encyclopedia states: "the formulation 'one god in three persons' was not solidly established, certainly not fully assimilated into christian life and its profession of faith, prior to the end of the 4th century. but it is precisely this formulation that has first claim to the title the trinitarian dogma. among the apostolic fathers, there had been nothing even remotely approaching such a mentality or perspective."--(1967), vol. xiv, p. 299.
in the encyclopedia americana we read: "christianity derived from judaism and judaism was strictly unitarian [believing that god is one person]. the road which led from jerusalem to nicea was scarcely a straight one. fourth century trinitarianism did not reflect accurately early christian teaching regarding the nature of god; it was, on the contrary, a deviation from this teaching."--(1956), vol. xxvii, p. 294l.
------
let me offer you some insight. colbert was completely cold towards himself the whole time. he was deliberately trying to shit on bill burr and it's completely obvious. you can even see burr talking as he didn't do any lead up to the bits. " is there anything that makes you angry? " you already see they of course discussed the bits before and colbert should have done a lead up to him flying there or something. anything. but no. burr is almost teary eyed at the betrayal. look at colbert's face as burr walks into his office. just look at it. the editing was very awkward and it's very clear that colbert himself was sitting in on the editing telling the editor to cut off at any of the hype. always so early into colbert being completely deadpan at everything burr said and making it deliberately awkward. spending way too much time on colbert's disapproving very concerned face like he was tucker carlson or something all of a sudden. there was no back and forth it was very rushed. everything burr said, colbert just shat on and didn't want to play along at all. he knows exactly what he was doing from the shitty primer introduction, even down to the goddamn mug. final straw was the rushing into the clip which he had absolutely nothing positive to say about and trying to just guilt burr into admitting how much of a shithead he is how horrible it is that he depicts his childhood that way. bill would probably be the first one to admit that he had a shit childhood, because he likes playing with the hand that he was dealt and colbert was having none of that for some reason. he clearly had it out for burr the whole time. i know reddit has a boner for colbert and think he is hilarious, but i think he has just become a bitter old crank and full of himself. he can't stand somebody the likes of bill who doesn't just go on and on about trump and all that bullshit. i think colbert was trying his best to be a dick to burr the whole time on purpose and it shows. he probably thinks that burr goes against everything that his yuppiehippie crowd adores about his new pandering smarmy shtick. i really don't like the new colbert at all for full disclosure, but this is the worst i've seen to him and i figure it's because people didn't want to talk about the things colbert wanted to talk about and promote his feelgood pussyhat style populist garbage. you can even see it on bill's face like " what did i do to deserve this? why are you going after me like this wtf? " just my 2c and you can check my comment history before accusing me of being a russian troll or a trump sympathiser or anything like that.
------
naaah, it's about fallout. basically, the democrats are playing for time. they are stretching it, and wouldn't you know, they are openly hoping this keeps them busy as long as possible. in a rational world, simplest response ever. not a paperclip gets moved, untill she goes under oath, and learns all the details she is capable of. plus publically charges him. if she does not go under oath for half a year, publically clear his name. i mean, that was what i thought of the criminal justice system. extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof. and i would be slightly more lax in the investigations if a fair standart was guaranteed. you make no thing of it. if he is guilty, exactly, not an issue with taking him out. but if the pure act of an accusation is enough to take him, and defy the will of the people, sure... hand me the list of democratic candidates, i am sure i can find someone to say they viciously dicked them, so we canm uindefinitively block any action of any democratic nominee, while the fbi is busy background checking them. after all, buster, what do i have to lose? nothing, as not a single soul would dream of punishing anybody for rape allegations. what do i have to gain? well, i could block everybody with a d in front of their name from taking action, ever again. i mean, if they are innocent, what would they have against a thorough check, i mean, it's very cold case, for gods sake, however, if they are guilty, that position deserves to be wiped clean of that shitstain of a democrat. oh, and we are not actively bullying and harassing democrats. we are just looking which democrat publically calls for something, or is bound to generate publicity, and we are choosing fox news to remind them that despite the maybe excellent treatment that person did, he is still under ionmvestigation by the fbi due to rape claims, so he doesn't be that good of a person. the traditional idea is, i put my name behind my claims. if i can publically make this claim, i can stand with it with my name. i can put my hand on a bible, or my current religious work of choice, and swear that i am here in front of a court to tell nothing but the truth and the whole truth so help me god. and surprise, there is basic fairness, if i am unable to prove my claims nothing happens, but if i lie under oath, and the other side can prove it, well, sucks to be me, right? the idea of prejury is a bit rich, coming from a democrat who stood behind his party as it stood behind james " i swear we don't put members of congress under the same illegal surveillance as the rest of americans " comey, or dick " i swear there were weapons of mass destruction, we did not intentionally lie to europeans to commit war crimes, we were sorry " cheyney. if it was equally applied to never trump supporters as to not trump supporters, sure, let them have it. but the second a never trump button functionally shields you from all investigation, and we have an investigation of a group of people, it kind of is a mens rights issue. because we kind of allow it and stand by when we believe someone, just on the basis of their genital configuration, against someone else of the opposite genital configuration, when never in a million years we would do the same if the genders were reversed. and i bet you would also oppose the idea that functionally, at this point, we do not klnow who raped whom, and one side is not willing to testify, so how about the state fills an automatic summons against this lady to aoppear in front of a judge, and since it is against a soon to be judge, we put a shoot to kill order out if she so much as tries to leave the state, and send a swat team to get her, with express orders to treat her like a possible rapuist if she resists appearing in front of a judge. after all, please, mister mod, under @ alleyria repeatedly and viciously raped me, gave me a very thorough dicking, could you suspend his account and launch a full scale investigation on all his posts before he has a chance to publically defend himself? and ban him while you investigate? pretty please, because i said so? i mean, if he is innocent, he won't have anything against the investigation, if he is guilty, he does not have any place on reddit, or in the public eye.
------
> why is it fine to teach religion to children but not about sexuality ( age appropriate, of course )? well i wouldnt be mad if religious education got removed ( besides i haven't taught religious knowledge to kids since it was removed some time ago ). and i definetly will be wary of those who insist that their religion should be taught to you. anyway doing religious education is not the same as teaching homosexuality. we are not telling kids its okay to be of religion x or religion y, or that such things exist. it has to do with cultural awareness, so that kids who grow up to be adults learn how to conduct themselves among the different religious people, be aware of their sensitives etc. there is absolutely no need to introduce homosexuality to kids, why should we confuse kids about learning sexuality at such an age? let them grow children figure it out for themselves. > and tango make three is a very good example of this. i would put more responsibility on the parents to ensure they vet through the books before allowing the children to borrow them. however, nlb didnt remove it, they moved it to the adult section under the directions of a minister. they are a public library funded by taxpayers. public policy have to reflect a certain level of majority will. if the majority of people believe in traditional family values and do not think exposure to homosexuality is age - appropriate for children, then thats how public institutions are going to act. > you do realize that sex ed is taught at around the age of 15, right? it's certainly not taught to children. > > the idea that teens ( on the cusp of adulthood ) should not be taught actual facts concerning sexuality just because you disagree with it is ludicrous. for someone who's a libertarian, i have no say how you can even support active school censorship. hmm isnt there some sex education at primary? anyway teens around the age of 15 are children too. their parents still have a right to not expose them to homosexuality education, especially when there is no need to. ehh i said i was a libertarian on that issue, not in all. even then a libertarian would rather a parent have some control over their kid's education than a gov forcing knowledge on their children. funny how your brand it as censorship of facts. there are certain things that are appropriate to teach to children and some are not. we don't teach about the facts of open relationships, polygamy or mastur ##bation. is it censorship then? i can flip it around and see your insistence as a promotion of homosexual culture and lifestyle to kids. a libertarian certainly would want that forced into his kid. > it's a wedding cake. there are two types of weddings. it's not really hard to be honest about it. he makes cakes for various ceremonies and occassions. he had denied other requests before, halloween, divorce celebrations, bachelor parties etc. > how would they purposefully seek it out if it's not advertised? because he is known for refusing to participate in events that conflict with his religious views > that's a silly argument, because this business opened in the us that has the federal civil rights act. if you're not willing to abide by the laws in place, then don't open a business. i'm not sure how someone who broke the law is an actual victim. you can cite anti - discrimination laws until you are blue in the face, it doesn't matter, it wasn't discrimination. * * nobody was denied service based on their identity!!! * *. the gay couple could have asked for a cake for their birthday, they would have got it. a straight couple could have asked a wedding cake for their friends gay wedding, they would be denied. so how can you pin discrimination on this? you know whats funny, there was another case brought in front of the col commission, william jack vs azucar bakery. he wanted the bakery to write the quote " homosexuality is a detestable sin " on a cake, but he was denied. he then sued but lost, the commission found that the bakery did not discriminate so refusing to write biblical verses on the cake? not discrimination. refusing to bake a cake for a gay wedding? discrimination!!!! the fuck? should that bakery have acceded? of course not. i support the commissions stance in this instance, the business has a right to refuse to create a specific cake.
------
i would say " the golden notebook " by doris lessing. i haven't read it yet ( i have a copy on my bookshelf ), but everything i've heard suggests possession by as byatt and be reasonable to put on such a list. i mention these two authors because i've not seeing much in this thread written by woman. the golden notebook is one of my favorite novels, and i push it on everyone. if you like short stories, joy williams, imo, is kind of in a league of her own in regards to writers still living. she may not be alice munro, but there's enough quirkiness and dark humor there so if you're looking for a work by someone like pynchon, i don't think you would be disappointed. i would think you should read the complete stories of lydia davis and 40 and 60 stories by donald barthelme. 40 and 60 stories together are as good as anything of the three pynchon novels i've read. i'm glad about the person who mentioned georges perec's life : a user's manual. that's an amazing book that seems to be unknown in the us. i would be surprised, given the books you've mentioned, if you did not love it. also, literally everything by samuel beckett. people often have heard of him because of waiting for godot, and it's a great play, but he also wrote a number of novels. his trilogy, molloy, malone dies, and the unnamable is often cited as a monument in fiction. his first novel, however, reads very much in line with something that joyce, or pynchon of that matter, may have written. robert musil's the one without qualities is a modernist masterpiece that belongs on the list, as does the magic mountain by thomas mann. i think you could reasonably put buddenbrooks and doctor faustus by mann on that list, also. i'm about halfway through doctor faustus right now. i read buddenbrooks a little while later. i read the magic mountain years ago, and i don't remember everything in it, but there are definitely a number of parts that i'm honestly not sure i'm ever going tae forget considering i read the book years ago. i would be very surprised if you did not like the magic mountain given what you've listed. you may not think as much of buddenbrooks, but i think it's a very good novel. william trevor is a quiet writer, and people on reddit tend to like loud writers. william trevor does not write in a style similar to pynchon, and he hasn't written a novel on par with gravity's rainbow, but william trevor was a great short story writer. both he and alice munro are amazing short story writers, and they're not any less talented than pynchon just because they don't tell loud stories or cram unrelated science and pop culture references in their books. i recognize that the short story is not comparable to a novel exactly, as they are different forms, but i think william trevor's short stories ( i've read almost all of them. something like 175. ) are better than gravity's rainbow or anything by david foster wallace that i've read. they're certainly more heartfelt. i hesitate to use the " honest " because i'm not always sure what it means in fiction. however, trevor's writing is the kind of thing you can pick up and read and really see someone unlike yourself. he's able to put himself into many different people's heads very, very well. it's a different approach to writing than pynchon. the prose doesn't draw attention to itself. edit : song of solomon by toni morrison counts, i think, as a post modern work. it's got a bunch of crazy stuff : flying black people, witches, ghosts. toni morrison is a black woman who isn't really a political radical, so she gets ignored on reddit, but i'm a white dude who grew up playing videogames and watching super hero cartoons, and i've read way more toni morrison than thomas pynchon. i've read 8 of her books. i've only read 3 by pynchon. i know his novels are longer, on average, but that's still a significant amount more morrison. i've done that by choice. i haven't read either author in school. paul bowles and vs naipaul probably belong on this list, also, if you're talking about " comparable in talent " to pynchon. and if we're allowed to go back to the turn of the century, borges. and most of the stuff gabriel garcia marquez wrote. i'm probably going to get yelled at for this since it's reddit. i loved moby dick. and pynchon was important to me when i was in my early twenties. but i've read gravity's rainbow, v, and the crying of lot 49, and i feel like there's more noise to pynchon than there is substance. i get that that is part of the point... but i'd rather beckett or joyce. i loved gravity's rainbow. i'm just not sure it really should be considered the epitome of american fiction. it's absolutely not the epitome of american fiction if you're including south america in " american ". garcia marquez probably wins that as far as the big name famous stuff goes. i'm not an authority. clearly, when there are thousands of books published a year, i have not read everything. but love in the time of cholera and 100 years of solitude are better books than anything i've read by pynchon has written, and a good chunk ( if not all ) of the stuff i've read by faulkner and bellow. i'm also obligated to mention chekhov and naguib mahfouz if we're talk what's great and not just popular on reddit. and in search of lost time, middlemarch, wings of the dove, to the lighthouse, the sleepwalkers, the interrogation, the red and the black, the collected stories of isaac babel, dennis johnson's jesus'son and train dreams. his angels is good, but tree of smoke was kind of overrated. of the stuff of his i've read jesus son and train dreams are the best, even though they're short. you should read kafka if you haven't, although i feel like that goes without saying since you're probably male and you're talking about books on reddit. italo svevo's zeno's conscience. hunger by knut hamsun. the counterfeiters. someone mentioned journey to the end of the night. ( clearly ) dostoyevsky and tolstoy ( anna karenina is better than war and peace, and it's not as dark as dostoyevsky, but it's just as good if not better than the 5 dostoyevsky novels i've read ). the tin drum. blindness by jose saramago is pretty famous and it's really good, although i honestly like baltasaar and blimunda more. under the volcano. i never see under the volcano mentioned on reddit, but it's one of my favorite novels.
------
so today i was stuck out at my neighbors house just talking and getting to know each other. they're pretty chill and i really felt like this would lead to a great friendship. after a couple hours of banter i started feeling my gate to the nether weakening and i knew it was time to go make another deposit into them toilet so i politely asked to go to the bathroom, a completely normal thing to my right? they informed me that the light in there was broken so i was just like whatever i'll use my phone as a flashlight to make sure no brown substances were remaining on my crevice. i go in there and im just going through the routine, browsing reddit, trying to make all bowel movements quiet whenever possible, yall know the drill. however once i reached the wiping phase, my life changed. i commenced the first dose like usual, checked it out with the light, i knew i'd definitely need to do some more rounds. after a few wipes, the scariest moment of my life occured. my flashlight lit up the toilet paper and what i saw made me feel fear unimaginable by the human psyche until felt firsthand. i saw a black snake like creature wrapped around my hand, and my brain immediately thought i was infected with some kinda anal superworm. i let out a bloodcurling shriek. one that you'd hear in deep depths of hell. in my instinct driven spasm i somehow broke the toilet seat and his ass fell into the fucking toilet. i was in a primal state i can't even explain. i was desperately flaying my body around like a dying fish trying to find this ass demon but i couldn't find it anywhere. my neighbors were extremely worried thinking i was dying of a heart attack / seizure / stroke in their bathroom, but i didn't give two shits. my inards were being harvested by some kinda alien species, why the fuck would i care what they think? after about 45 seconds of searching for the little shit i started coming to my senses. if there really was something living in my anus, where the fuck did it go? then i looked down, and felt the greatest embarrassment in my entire life. the black, slithering, slimy, snake like worm wasn't a parasite, it was my hoodie string. i just destroyed my neighbor's toliet, screamed caveman like shouts, and threw my body around like a retarded octopus, over a fucking hoodie string. my neighbor's concerned voice turned into a " what the fuck are you doing in there??? " at this point and i was speechless. i tried to muster up some kind of explanation but i could only mutter " im... im so... sor.... sorry. " i was scared to open the door, but i knew it had to be done. i opened it to see the faces of a family that won a free trip to a zoo, but got tricked into going to an insane asylum. they just stared at me. i just stared back while covered in shit water and a face of a man who survived the holocaust. i didn't know what to say so i just muttered " i'll see myself out. " and they didn't even respond. i silently waddled out the door and walked to my house with a broken soul. i feel terrible. i broke their toilet and obviously need to compensate them for the damages, but i dont know if i can ever see them again without having horrible flashbacks. i truly am a lost man. i will never be the same. tl ; dr i thought my hoodie string was a parasite from my anus and broke my neighbors toliet.
------
if by "they", you are talking about the person that nearly got you kicked out of uni. then yes, they are blameless. i know it's a tough pill to swallow but that was down to you making a poor decision. the consequences you suffered for your actions were, by your own reasoning, not without precedent. e.g. chaps who lost their jobs in law after making a few dark jokes in a group chat.
perhaps it is not fair (imo it is) but you should have known better.
also, maybe try seeing it a bit from the perspective of the person who reported you. i imagine looking at your previous comments in this thread, i reckon you were being racist (even if it was just a teeny, tiny bit racist) and someone rightly took offense. maybe going to uni and seeing someone spouting racist stuff in a public forum was the last straw.
to clarify i can be pretty offensive or controversial, for example the sunnier side might be dead baby jokes. however, i consider my audience whenever i do and being flat-out racist shows ignorance and a substantial lack of empathy. no one should feel judged or marginalised for circumstances beyond their control such as their place of birth, colour of their skin or which religion they think is best.
if by "they", you mean ethnic minorities. firstly "they" might tell you to go fuck yourself, but of that i'm sure you're aware.
are ethnic minorities blameless by default? no. will they take offense when you say racist shit? yes. and do they have the right to be offended? yes.
your issue seems to be that you are annoyed that you cannot say offensive or non-politically correct stuff any time you want. reality check, you cannot. doing that in polite/easily offended/sensitive company as previously stated, shows a lack of respect for the people you are with and a level of immaturity. its as simple as that and if you wish to be treated with respect and courtesy you must first treat others with respect and courtesy.
if you wish to be taken seriously you will be held to account for what you say, how you say it and who you say it to. otherwise you are asking to be treated like a child.
forgive me now but i'm paraphrasing - you say "a world where i can't say negative things about a group of people without consequence" would be world gone to shit. what you are describing is in a nut shell is racism or if i'm being charitable, prejudice. judging the majority based on the actions of a few is foolish and once again demonstrates ignorance.
i feel that you have grievances against "them" or "they" and i would honestly like to know more. for example, i used to have prejudices against certain groups of people but those views were rooted in ignorance and ultimately, fear.
if you wish we could continue this conversation privately and not in public thread.
but either way please answer this: do all people, regardless of any qualifiers deserve dignity, respect and equality?
ps. sorry for the essay.
------
from wikipedia : powers and abilities over the course of his life as a boxer, u. s. marine, mercenary, and costumed superhero, marc spector has become an expert at hand - through - hand combat techniques and martial arts such as boxing, kung fu, eskrima, judo, karate, fencing, savate, and muay thai. he is an olympic - level athlete and a skilled acrobat and gymnast and excels as a combat strategist. he possesses a variety of weapons over the course of his career, including throwing darts, nunchaku, bo staff and a truncheon. he is skilled with most weapons and an expert with throwing weapons. spector is a superb driver and can pilot a helicopter. taskmaster, who has the ability to master and replicate anyone's fighting style, has stated that he prefers not to copy moon knight's style, as moon knight would rather take a punch than block it. [ citation needed ] promotional art of moon knight descending from the mooncopter. art by david finch. spector gained his superhuman powers as a result of a visitation by the egyptian moon god khonshu. moon knight's strength, endurance, and reflexes are enhanced depending upon the phases of the moon. the fuller the moon, the more strength moon knight derives from it, though even during a new moon, he can lift several hundred pounds. it'n not known how much of this power is mystical and how much is simply the result of self - hypnosis due to his psychological instability. due to his multiple personalities, he is also resistant to some psychic attacks and sometimes receives prophetic visions. moon knight is shown to possess a very high tolerance for pain such as ignoring a bullet wound through his leg while only letting off another slight grunt of pain. [ volume & issue needed ] at one point, moon knight is given special weapons by the cult of khonshu, including bolas, golden throwing crescent - darts shaped like scarabs, an ivory boomerang, throwing irons, and a golden stick in the shape of an ankh that glowed in the presence of danger that instead was used as a throwing spear or bludgeon. these items are later replaced with duplicate weapons crafted by hawkeye. he later retires these items to his personal museum after abandoning the " egyptian " motif in favor of updated versions of his original styled - gear, including a truncheon / staff / nunchuck combo, and a compound bow. he has also used an axe - shaped lasso - grapple. during the third series, moon knight's silver - white costume includes adamantium, and he acquires an array of high - tech weaponry including an adamantium staff, a truncheon capable of firing a cable line, and gauntlets that fire crescent darts. he has also been depicted using spiked knuckles, worn on the left hand, and a three - section staff. when he vows never to murder again, he hires tinkererto upgrade his gear. he uses a gun that shoots a grappling hook and bolas to knock out villains. later on, moon knight's costume uses carbonadium as armor, and has joint - locking functions, allowing him to support weights far greater than what he can normally lift. moon knight uses this feature to support a building from collapsing, then leaves the armor to battle villains in his underwear. additionally, moon knight can'suit up'by use of a remote control device which assembles the individual pieces of his armor onto his body, similar in fashion to iron man. for transportation, moon knight employs a variety of sophisticated aircraft. these include the mooncopter and angelwing, featuring vtol ( vertical take - off and landing ), a rope ladder, and 20 mm cannons. later, moon knight utilizes a remote controlled white limousine when acting as " mr. knight ", and a similarly remote controlled crescent - shaped drone / glider when acting as moon knight. he has been seen using a white motorcycle.
------
i'm just getting into a very new relationship with this guy. we have amazing chemistry and we both adore each other's personalities. the problem is, he's very emotionally unstable and unpredictable. he will message me saying he's having a breakdown and i try my best to help but if he takes something the wrong way he'll get upset and blame it for not showing support, or he just won't message me for hours and hours and hours when we have plans because something bad happened to him. for example, yesterday we were supposed to go to a concert together. it would have been my first ever concert and it was that band i really very liked and the tickets cost almost < cur > 400. i only received one message from him that day saying that he didn't want to be in my life anymore. i tried to contact him all day to no response. he calls me at 1am, and explains that his dog died and there came some issues with his mom ( he doesn't live with her ) which is why he couldn't come. i told him that i understand and it's okay, and i explained that because we didn't end up going to the concert i was kicked out of my house and had to spend the night on the streets. he got upset because he felt i was blaming him. we eventually made up and he said he didn't mean that message he sent me, and that he loves me. they still thought he could have at least given me some notice or messaged me back even once. we agreed to meet today and talk things over. he messaged me " hey beautiful " this afternoon. it is now 4am and i still haven't gotten another message. i've tried messaging him everywhere and calling him. this is the fourth day in a row something like this has happened, but it has happened almost 10 times in my last few weeks where we'll have plans and then suddenly he just won't respond and i'm left waiting around for him all day. if i try to speak to him about it he gets unusually defensive. i understand that he's going across a rough patch in his life but i'm trying to be different for him. i still feel he could at least message me if something comes up so i'm not waiting around for hours this end. i'm worried that these are pretty big red flags. are my feelings right? what should i do? how can i help him? update : he messaged me this morning. he told me he didn't text because he was tired and high... he said i was just sleep deprived and making a big deal out of nothing. he said he can't be on his phone " 24 / 7 " or come down to the other end of the city to see me every day. but all i was asking for was just one message... and he's only come down to my end of the city twice. every other time i went to him. am i asking too much? i don't know what to think. am i being irrational for being so worried about him? i had to beg him just to call me even when he knew that i needed him... i still somehow feel like it's my fault.
------
apparently you don't have a brain to think with. learn how to read things you don't agree with. < url > evidence for arab migration there are several problems associated with estimating arab immigration into palestine during the 1920s, the principal one being where arab migration flows were, in the main, illegal, and therefore unreported and unrecorded. [ 17 ] but they were not entirely unnoticed. demographer u. o. schmelz's analysis of the ottoman registration process for 1905 populations of jerusalem and hebron kazas ( ottoman districts ), by place of birth, showed that of those arab palestinians born outside their localities of residence, approximately half represented intra - palestine movement - - from areas of low - level economic activity to areas of higher - level activity - - while the other half represented arab immigration into palestine itself, 43 percent originating in asia, 39 percent in africa, and 20 percent in turkey. [ 18 ] schmelz conjectured : the above - average population growth of the arab villages around the city of jerusalem, with its jewish majority, continued until the end of the mandatory period. this must be been due - - as elsewhere in palestine under similar conditions - - to inter - migrants attracted by economic opportunities, and to the beneficial effects of improved health services in reducing mortality - - just as happened in other parts of palestine around cities with a large jewish population sector. [ 19 ] in growth rates between palestine and the other less developed countries ( ldcs ), the idea that at least one - third of palestine's population growth may be attributed to immigration is - - using bachi's own growth rate differentials - - not an entirely unreasonable one. lacking verifiable evidence did not prevent bachi from stating the obvious concerning internal migration within palestine : the great economic development of the coastal region - - largely due to jewish immigration - - was accompanied both in < phone > and in < phone > by a much stronger increase of the muslim and christian communities in this region than that registered in other regions. this was probably due to two reasons : stronger decrease in mortality of the non - jewish population in the neighborhood of jewish areas and internal migration toward the least developed zones. [ 22 ] in the footnote accompanying this quote, bachi writes : " as no statistics are available for internal migration, this conclusion has been obtained from indirect evidence. " [... ] epstein's study is instructive. the " indirect evidence " he referred to no doubt included his understanding of the important role economics plays in explaining demographic movements. while appreciating the value of ottoman registrations and british mandatory government censuses in providing estimates of palestinian demography, they were, in his judgment, still crude and incomplete. reference to arab immigration into palestine during the 1920s is made as well in the british mandatory government's annual compilation of statistical data on population. the palestine blue book, 1937, for example, provides time series demographic statistics whose annual estimates are based on extrapolations from its 1922 census. [ 24 ] the footnote accompanying the table on population of palestine reads : there has been unrecorded illegal immigration of both jews and arabs in the period since the census of 1931, but it is clear that, since it cannot be recorded, no estimate of its volume is possible. [ 25 ] the 1935 british report to the league of nations noted that : one thousand five hundred and fifty - seven persons ( including 565 jews ) who, having made their way into the country surreptitiously, were later detected, were sentenced to imprisonment for their offence and recommended for deportation. [ 26 ] the number who " made their way into the country surreptitiously " and undetected was neither estimated nor mentioned. historian gad gilbar's observation on ruth kark's contribution to his edited volume ottoman palestine, < phone >, touches on the issue of arab immigration into and within palestine. he relates her ideas in " the rise and decline of coastal towns in palestine " to charles issawi's thesis concerning the role of minority groups and foreigners in the development of middle eastern towns. explaining why no other palestinian cities grew as rapidly as jaffa and haifa did during the final three decades of the ottoman rule, gilbar writes : " both attracted population from the rural and urban surroundings and immigrants from outside palestine. " [ 27 ] each piece of the demographic puzzle by itself may reveal no identifiable picture. but given a multiplicity of such pieces, an image does begin to appear. the royal institute for international affairs adds another piece. commenting on the growth of the palestinian population during the decades of the 1920s and 1930s it reports : " the number of arabs who have entered palestine illegally from syria and transjordan is unknown. but probably considerable. " [ 28 ] and c. s. jarvis, governor of the sinai from 1923 - 36, adds yet another : this illegal immigration was not only going on from the sinai, but also from trans - jordan and syria, and it is very difficult to make a case out for the misery of the arabs if at the same time their compatriots from adjoining states could not be kept from going in to share that misery. [ 29 ] estimating real numbers the derivation of palestine migration estimates in this section is based on an uncomplicated imputation theory. migration becomes a residual claimant for numbers not explained by a population - estimating model based on known initial population stocks and known sets of birth and death rates for that population. in this way, expected population stocks can be derived for any set of subsequent years. the value of the model depends, of course, on the reliability of the estimates given for initial population stocks and for the rates associated with natural increase. therein lies the problem with estimating arab immigration into palestine. the model itself may be simple and applicable, but its usefulness - - as with all estimating models - - is contingent upon the quality of the data inputs. that quality in the case of palestinian migration is compromised by the explicit neglect of illegal entrants. if illegal migrants and subsequently illegal residents escaped the census taker, how could the census account for them? it couldn't and didn't. it is not surprising then that the british census data produce an arab palestinian population growth for 1922 - 31 that turns out to be generated by natural increase and legal migrations alone. applying a 2. 5 per annum growth rate [ 30 ] to a population stock of 589, 177 for 1922 generates a 1931 population estimate of 735, 799 or 97. 6 percent of the 753, 822 recorded in the 1931 census. does the imputation model then " prove " that illegal immigration into palestine was inconsequential during 1922 - 31? not at all. a footnote accompanying the census's population time series acknowledges the presence in palestine of illegal arab immigration. but because it could not be recorded, no estimate of its numbers was included in the census count. [ 31 ] ignoring illegal migrants does not mean they don't exist. 1948 israel, identified not only the direction of arab palestinian migration within palestine but its magnitude as well. [ 32 ] the arab palestinian populations within those sub - districts that eventually became israel increased from 321, 866 in 1922 to 463, 288 in 1931 or by 141, 422. applying the 2. 5 per annum natural rate of population growth to the 1922 arab palestinian population generates an expected population size for 1931 of 398, 498 or 64, 790 less than the actual population recorded in the british census. by imputation, this unaccounted population increase must have been either illegal immigration not accounted for in the british census and / or registered arab palestinians moving from outside the jewish - identified sub - districts to those sub - districts so identified. this 1922 - 31 arab migration into the jewish sub - districts represented 11. 8 percent of the total 1931 arab population residing in those sub - districts and as much as 36. 8 percent of its 1922 - 31 growth. that over 10 percent of the 1931 arab palestinian population in those sub - districts that eventually became israel had immigrated to those sub - districts within the 1922 - 31 years is a datum of considerable significance. it is consistent with the fragmentary evidence of illegal migration to and within palestine ; it supports the idea of linkage between economic disparities and migratory impulses - - a linkage universally accepted ; it undercuts the thesis of " spatial stickiness " attributed by some scholars to the arab palestinian population of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries ; and it provides strong circumstantial evidence that the illegal arab immigration into palestine, like that within palestine, was of consequence as well.
------
> im not pretending i know you. im telling what you are doing. your previous comment : > listen you want to blame someone for it not being exactly the same? cool. just don'by lie to yourself and accept the irrationality of your thought process. i don't even know why people should explain this.'' you want to blame the studio for not being exactly the same?'' when did i say this? is this * not * strawman argument, pretending you know me? if its not putting words into my mouth, i dont know what it is other than someone who needs to go off - topic due to a lack of arguments.'' accept your irrationale'' lol, this will tie in with another thing, so i'll come back to this later. > ignoring half the fucking thing the man wrote just so you can hate an old studio seems like lying to yourself. again pretending i hate the studio? nice mate, continue like this and all i need to do in this'''''debate'''' is write about your own contradictions. > isayama also went ahead of his way to ask for changes. something he did not do in seasons 1 and 2. a lie, he asked for changes in the pacing in season 1, and while he wasnt found of filler content in episode 22 at first, he accepted it. also in season 2 he said in the video interview he asked some changes, most probably referencing to ymir's flashback, but he also mentioned marco. those were 2 good changes the adaptation made, ymir flashback should've always been in the clash of titans arc, isayama probably postponed adaptation for the end of rts due to not wanting to reveal some secrets early on, or maybe he wasnt sure he would go in that direction at the time, neverthless i'm not agaisnt change and those in season 2 were for the better. > so what the hell are you saying? that he was only pretending to be disappointed? he could very well be disappointed, nothing makes it so isayama would praise the anime to market it anywar, if most people atleast in the west werent found of the uprising arc at begin with, doesnt change the fact isayama is making the story'''''mistakes'''' in the current arc on the manga, for someone who complains so much about their past work, it sure is interesting how he's repeating them. > so i listen and believe as to what he said but somehow i am the one thats making shit up? again you are welcome to create this whole conspiracy theory that isayama for whatever reason told us that he didnt like this arc, when he meant the opposite. just be honest to yourself, you are lying to yourself to hate on an anime studio. this, plus your comment about my lack of rationale is amazing. i'm using logic and facts. authors most of the time do not speak bad of their adaptation even if they think its bad, and i've already explained why. even if isayama doesnt think its bad, it doesnt mean he think the adaptation is'' fixing his work''. i gave proof on this, i'm using logic. want more proof? characters such as the journalists coming back, the anime adaptation cut them short, so most of their dialogue now wont make sense. also the kid who throws rock at historia in the flashback was cut, when it turned out to be important now, so the anime will need to introduce him at last second now. all the anime did right in the uprising so far was putting kenny on the cave fight, makes no sense why he wasnt there in the manga. if its not unlikely to an author to lie so they can market their own product, it already happened time and time again, isayama can be no exception.
------
i'm just getting into a very new relationship with this guy. we have amazing chemistry and we both adore each other's personalities. the problem is, he's very emotionally unstable and unpredictable. he will message me saying he's having a breakdown and i try my best to help but if he takes something the wrong way he'll get upset and blame me for not showing support, or he just won't message me for hours and hours and hours when we have plans because something bad happened to him. for example, yesterday we were supposed to go to a concert together. it would have been my first ever concert and it was a band i really really liked and the tickets cost almost <cur>400. i only received one message from him that day saying that he didn't want to be in my life anymore. i tried to contact him all day to no response. he calls me at 1am, and explains that his dog died and there were some issues with his mom (he doesn't live with her) which is why he couldn't come. i told him that i understand and it's okay, and i explained that because we didn't end up going to the concert i was kicked out of my house and had to spend the night on the streets. he got upset because he felt i was blaming him. we eventually made up and he said he didn't mean that message he sent me, and that he loves me. i still thought he could have at least given me some notice or messaged me back even once. we agreed to meet today and talk things over. he messaged me "hey beautiful" this afternoon. it is now 4am and i still haven't gotten another message. i've tried messaging him everywhere and calling him. this is the fourth day in a row something like this has happened, but it has happened almost 10 times in the last few weeks where we'll have plans and then suddenly he just won't respond and i'm left waiting around for him all day. if i try to speak to him about it he gets unusually defensive. i understand that he's going through a rough patch in his life but i'm trying to be there for him. i still feel he could at least message me if something comes up so i'm not waiting around for hours on end. i'm worried that these are pretty big red flags.
are my feelings justified? what should i do? how can i help him?
update: he messaged me this morning. he told me he didn't text because he was tired and high... he said i was just sleep deprived and making a big deal out of nothing. he said he can't be on his phone "24/7" or come down to the other end of the city to see me every day. but all i was asking for was just one message... and he's only come down to my end of the city twice. every other time i went to him. am i asking too much? i don't know what to think. am i being irrational for being so worried about him? i had to beg him just to call me even when he knew that i needed him... i still somehow feel like it's my fault.
------
they think it depends on the game, and what the developers are trying to communicate. i think it'd be easier if i compared two games. dark souls is ( rather infamously on this sub ) known for its difficulty. the game being hard has been a huge part of the series since its creation, and it's a reputation that the developers have actively cultivated themselves. the high difficulty and often forced repetition is a huge part of the game's themes, and contributes immensely to that feeling of triumph when you manage to beat it. dark souls is another of those boss games where, while the exploration is certainly great, the main appeal as far as i can see is about going up against incredible odds and managing to surpass these incredibly challenging enemies. i love the souls games to pieces, and bought it on pc for a friend. i was really interested in sharing something i loved with her, and hoped that she would fall for it the same way i did. * and she bounced off, hard. * the battle was too hard for her, to the point that she was having an awful nightmare. but because the game is so deeply focused around using the combat system to overcome the odds, neutering the enemies neuters the whole experience. an easy mode does, both from a thematic and gameplay standpoint, ruin the game. the elder scrolls games are not difficult. the combat is serviceable at the best of times, and a janky mess at the worst. but they're absolutely games that i would recommend to my mom, because turning down the difficulty to suit the player's wants or needs * can't damage the experience * all that much. i think a lot of that comes down to the fact that combat plays a much smaller role in the overall experience, and the big picture sticks better. when i look back at my first playthrough of dark souls, i remember managing to barely squeeze out a heal against the bell gargoyles, or learning to parry gwyn, or rolling through ornstein's lightning - fast ( hurr ) spear attacks. tense moments of conflict that wouldn't be the same if i just just facetank my way through everything easily. moments entrenched entirely in the combat and difficulty. but when i remember my time with the elder scrolls series, it's different. i don't think of how i barely survived a bandit encounter, but instead of how i tricked an entire mansion of paranoid idiots into attacking each other. i remember blasting a dragon out of the sky with a bolt of lightning, and getting horribly lost in an ancient ruin with creepy gremlin monsters crawling out of the walls. yes, the difficulty is a part of these memories, but it's a small part of the greater story of my playthrough. i hope my weird rambling thoughts made any sense to you! sorry if they didn't.
------
no, that is not how any of this works.
proper control of attention requires that the dopamine pathways to the frontal cortex are working. likewise so for controlling impulsivity.
the frontal lobe is the executive center of the brain. it's much more developed in humans than other animals, and it allows us to better organize our behavior and think critically. the frontal lobe can override our lizard brains, allowing us not to do whatever stupid whim or urge we have. it allows us to put off immediate reward in favor of organized, goal-oriented behavior to achieve delayed reward (ie "i will study for my exam instead of playing video games all day long so that i can have a good paying job one day", or "i will clean my room so that i don't have to live in a shithole, even if i hate cleaning", or "i won't spend all my money at the bar right now cause i want to pay rent").
dopamine is, among other things, strongly involved in reward and motivation, which is why drugs that increase dopamine are so addictive.
the adhd brain probably has a relative lack of dopamine receptors specifically in the frontal cortex, so we don't have a normal executive function and we don't have a normal motivation/reward system. those with adhd struggle with attention because they don't have executive control over where their attention is going. they are hyperactive because they don't have the control to put a damper on their actions, so many of them can't sit still and will fidget or be in constant motion. they will be impulsive, they will speak out of turn, they will say things before thinking about the consequences of opening their mouths, they will do dumb risky shit. they can't organize themselves, or complete tasks that require sustained attention and effort unless it's something they really like.
factoring in the poor motivation and reward response, those with adhd are constantly looking for short-term reward. they need anything that will give them a dopamine hit. as a kid this usually means favoring video games over homework or running around doing dumb shit or things like that. this gets bad as these kids start to enter adulthood, because this tends to become less about being hyper and more about making bad impulsive choices. they struggle holding a job. they get into smoking, drinking, reckless sex, drugs. they get reckless behind the wheel of a car. they can't sustain relationships well. they can't manage their finances and spend impulsively. they forget to pay bills or complete important tasks, because they say "i will do this tomorrow", then tomorrow comes and they say the same thing. they cannot execute plans that involve planning several steps ahead. there is only "right now" and "later".
by increasing dopamine, the stimulants do wonders for these people. they are more calm because the part of the brain that is the ceo of attention and behavioral control has more power over what's going on. they can do the things they need to do to complete their long-term goals. they can plan ahead and carry out those plans. they can think before they act on their impulses. they don't need to constantly seek dopamine hits because the stimulant is providing the dopamine for them regardless of what they are doing, so they can actually focus on important shit.
#tl;dr: it is not at all what you said, and it is more like making an office calmer and more efficient because giving stimulants to an adhd brain is like making the manager of said office more powerful and competent at their job.
edit: another important part of this that i left out is that adhd is also ultimately a developmental delay of the frontal lobe. the frontal lobe is the last part of the brain to mature and completes development at ~25, which is why even normal kids, teenagers, and even college students tend to do a lot more dumb impulsive shit than adults past their mid-twenties, on average. adhd brains are a bit behind the game in this regard, and there is a lag. some kids with adhd catch up eventually and grow out of it, others never do and are left with adult adhd. what the data tells us though is that **kids who stay on stimulants throughout development actually have less adhd symptoms when they grow up, on average**. that is, there is something about having enough dopamine action in the frontal cortex that probably helps that area of the brain develop properly. some people have really strong feelings against putting children on these powerful substances, but given that the adhd kids who take them long-term do better as adults should overrule these objections, considering how damaging and debilitating adult adhd can be. of course this only holds true for children who actually have adhd.
------
> the definition of a virtue is a morally good behavior. my question to you is who get's to decide what is moral? virtue, nobility, and purity or the sense i believe you were using it are meaningless words apart from some standard. again, you are missing the question. let's say i completely agree with your own definitions or standards of morality. i assume you find the love between * some * straight couples admirable or virtuous in some way? i simply want to know that, apart from one's gender, what exactly makes that straight couple beautiful ( in your eyes ) and the other gay couple shameful? for almost all actions we find despicable and wrong these days, we can point out how they harm others or oneself in some way or another. we have empathy, and thus as we want to prevent suffering, we deem those harmful actions wrong or immoral. this is my interpretation of morality. homosexuality, on the other hand, hurts people no more than heterosexuality does, and so many people including myself do not find it immoral. > this is absurd. people are more than their sexuality, contrary to what the game of identity politics tries to tell you. i love almost everyone i meet and treat them with compassion and dignity. that doesn't mean women have to agree with everything they say or do. > another arbitrary identity they would like us to focus on. my skin pigmentation is a very small part of who i am. exactly, while your skin pigment is a very small part of who you were, yet some stranger is saying your love for my wife or your son is immoral merely because of this very insignificant skin color of yours, what would you think? in the same way, one's sexuality does not involve a religion, yet christians always deny the validity, or moral - " rightness " of their love for their spouse, which is more than often an important part of one's life. > no it is exactly my point. morality based entirely of of empathy will lead to atrocities. > thank you for making my point for me. i am not against empathy any more than i am against water. only water, or too much water will kill you. i guess morality based entirely of " christian values " or " christian love " would lead to atrocities as well, as too much of anything leads to vices? but that spirals into an unnecessary argument for the sake of argument, which i'm trying to avoid. see above for my thoughts on empathy and our morality. > i'm just curious if god tells you to stone your gay neighbors or atheistic friends or kill your own son, would you agree as well? > i won't honor this with a response. sorry if you think that sounded like an insult, but if you say you always agree with something, then you mean you agree with everything it says. those were real, actual commands in the bible. even if you think they are no longer valid today, you either have to accept a ) those actions were moral and acceptable for those people during that time or b ) the bible, or god's commands, are not always right.
------
you seem to forget that it's completely possible to cancel an upgrade normally by just clicking the actual tech lab. so being "cockblocked" would actually be the scenario where it's a question of 0.5s of clicking elsewhere, never ever ever ever would this actually matter whatsoever.
maybe i explained the lift-off by mistake badly but it's not about changing the hotkey, since it's not you wanting to not lift off when its happening its about lifting off a different building. the lift off hotkey is universal. what i meant by saying you are much more likely to do so by mistake is that you are almost never in a scenarion where you need to lift off a building researching a hotkey. and for me, and i believe most terrans, we usually end up reflex cancelling the upgrade on the tech lab before lifting off the barracks. sure this might technically be a mistake as it's costing us one extra click but i don't think that one extra click has ever resulted in a lost basetrade.
as for the analogy; well you can literally make that counter argument for anything. if your analogy is completely different in terms of severity it's a pretty shitty scenario as it makes any argument able to be refuted with a different analogy.
you can argue that in the same way that missclicking a forcefield or lifting off a barracks with a researching tech is a mistake, not keeping tabs on your gateways and transforming them to warp gates is aswell.
the forcefield point might be fair. as i said i'm not sure if i necessarily think it's a necessary change either. the argument against this is that a forcefield isn't a binary choice. you can place it in a million different locations by choice and strategic decision making, no one wants to limit that. no terran would ever feel strategically limited if we had to click one more time to cancel an upgrade. when we actually do cancel an upgrade on an addon its almost always just to get the short term money to build some extra units for an allin or smth, hence we wouldn't wanna lift the rax in the first place.
i really do believe the severity does matter to a fairly large extent, see how i'm not arguing that a missplaced building should automically be put in the right position? partly because it would be comparable to the forcefield scenario where it would limit strategic variance, but also because having to cancel a depot and rebuild it, hence losing 25 minerals is a much lesser issue than canceling a win-or-lose upgrade like stim.
also canceling stim cause you were anxious to lift the barracks off is in my experience much rarer than doing so by mistake so i'm not sure why you put that in there other than to throw the daftness insult at terrans again.
i'm heading to bed now. its 4:15 here, i'll continue this conversation tomorrow if need be.
------
i agree with what you're saying. honestly, i think getting heavy into reading has adversely effected things socially. i can still wheel out the charm for a date or getting on a boss's good side, but me was a straight baller a couple of years ago or so, and as i've consumed more and more dense literary fiction i've felt more and more out of place. that said, as a writer i've become capable of way better things, skills that can be scaled back and reeled in for a genre work. i do feel like authors like dfw, pynchon, and even delillo are sort of self indulgent to a fault on some levels. even delillo to an extent in his own way. as dazzled as i am by the craziness of a gravity's rainbow this kind of ridiculousness inherent to his style is part of why i hold mccarthy in such high esteem. he can craft the twisted spiritual successor to moby dick in blood meridian ( far better as a literary prose work than the road or no country ) but he can also spout out a kickass smart genre piece like no country for oldmen. even moby dick for all its pretense provides a greater sense of groundedness than gravity's rainbow. i personally don't think i could ever write a giant hyper dense overwrought literary tome and have it really measure up to gr or justify a heft. writing is such an amazing art form and there are just so many different approaches and directions that one can take to yield amazing powerful results. the sparse, or the abstract, the pulpy or the thought provoking, yet maybe the pulpyness is ironic? so many angles. i think in reading and writing, when it comes to taste or even the architecture you use to inform your own writing, what one gravitates towards really reflects the complexity of finding joy in any part of life. some people are just kind of cursed - and i'd count myself among them - i've also gravely depressed from a lack of sex and gravely depressed from having a woman in my bed - i'm talking suicidal because i've been depressed from charming people and failing to charm people. mostly i want to die, but i also want to live, to get a taste of all the ripe fruit before they spoil not forever after. i'm sure it's unhealthy ne ##urology and chemical firing and so forth at work, but life feels to me like a bunch of unsustainable apexes, the rise and then the crumbling or the fade, when something isn't necessarily destroyed or damaged but is simply over. i search for art or encounters that make me excited, sometimes on a base'this is endorphins'level, or'this is pleasure reading'and sometimes with hopes that this will really mean something to me and spark something new. so, i keep reading literature that separates me from other people because there's reward mixed in with the self imposing of alienation that i've always felt and worked to rise, partially, above and beyond, via learned behavior that borders on sociopathy at times in its roteness, but really truly is begging for the rare chances to break free into something i consider real. i remember i started reading heavily when i finally got a chance to really sexually woo a woman i'd had a flame for for years, and the one time she was totally sold on me, in text, on the phone, from a series of prior more casual meetings, the one time she put in top flight effort into making it a date, after i was slaying it with other women for months before hand, the one time - i drank too much and flubbed embarrassingly and we're still friends. she's married been married the whole time i knew her. she half knows i know, but it's a white elephant and the whole situation is sad and fatalistic and she's sad and fatalistic there's often that one thing in our life that can usher a change in direction.. but i guess what i'm saying is voracious reading, the consumption of weird and ambitious literature becoming a fixture of my life, even though writing had always appealed a lot to me - that was my exit valve that i found necessary by epiphany to place inside my life. and... it has helped me bond with maybe one or two higher quality women ( overall ) than usual, but it's also brought forth a new wave of pain and alienation. reading has helped me get promoted at jobs, learn higher tier levels of getting what i want but it has been a double edged sword, one i will likely continue to cut myself with for a long time. it's so hard to decide where to be when you're conflicted to the bone, so you just end up burrowing in deeper and deeper for those prosaic kinds of dosages of things that may or may not be answers but are sometimes hypnotic enough to offer the same kind of hope crazy rant over. but i have mixed opinions on purposely obtuse literature. everyone from all sides is always pushing answers. a lot of times it's'being in the moment's but it seems half the time that's just a sidestepping way of saying'be a social alcoholic'and a bit of a sex addict, with endorphins waves rising and falling based off the whims of sets of trivial people ( and the only way to keep your roster of trivial relations constantly stocked is to always be in that whiskey soaked fray, blowing money on a future that also doesn't interest you too much ) because living in the moment can also be following a biological imperative, spewing out kids that will domineer your life and wallet for a good quarter plus of your existence life is hard and literature and fluff and writing itself are all ways to combat this, while also helping, imo, to create the occasional problems of their own
------
>why is it fine to teach religion to children but not about sexuality (age appropriate, of course)?
well i wouldnt be mad if religious education got removed (besides we haven't taught religious education to kids since it was removed some time ago). and i definetly will be wary of those who insist that their religion should be taught to kids.
anyway teaching religious education is not the same as teaching homosexuality.
we are not telling kids its okay to be of religion x or religion y, or that such people exist. it has to do with cultural awareness, so that kids who grow up to be adults learn how to conduct themselves among the different religious people, be aware of their sensitives etc.
there is absolutely no need to introduce homosexuality to kids, why should we confuse kids about their sexuality at such an age? let them grow and figure it out for themselves.
>and tango make three is a very good example of this.
i would put more responsibility on the parents to ensure they vet through the books before allowing the children to borrow them.
however, nlb didnt remove it, they moved it to the adult section under the directions of a minister. they are a public library funded by taxpayers. public policy have to reflect a certain level of majority will. if the majority of people believe in traditional family values and do not think exposure to homosexuality is age-appropriate for children, then thats how public institutions are going to act.
>you do realize that sex ed is taught at around the age of 15, right? it's certainly not taught to children.
>
>the idea that teens (on the cusp of adulthood) should not be taught actual facts about sexuality just because you disagree with it is ludicrous. for someone who's a libertarian, i have no idea how you can even support active educational censorship.
hmm isnt there some sex education at primary? anyway teens around the age of 15 are children too. their parents still have a right to not expose them to homosexuality education, especially when there is no need to.
ehh i said i was a libertarian on that issue, not in all. even then a libertarian would rather a parent have some control over their kid's education than a gov forcing knowledge on their children.
funny how your brand it as censorship of facts. there are certain things that are appropriate to teach to children and some are not. we don't teach about the facts of open relationships, polygamy or masturbation. is it censorship then?
i can flip it around and see your insistence as a promotion of homosexual culture and lifestyle to kids. a libertarian certainly would want that forced into his kid.
>it's a wedding cake. there are two types of weddings. it's not really hard to be honest about it.
he makes cakes for various ceremonies and occassions. he had denied other requests before, halloween, divorce celebrations, bachelor parties etc.
>how would they purposefully seek it out if it's not advertised?
because he is known for refusing to participate in events that conflict with his religious views
>that's a silly argument, because this business opened in the us that has the federal civil rights act. if you're not willing to abide by the laws in place, then don't open a business. i'm not sure how someone who broke the law is an actual victim.
you can cite anti-discrimination laws until you are blue in the face, it doesn't matter, it wasn't discrimination.
**nobody was denied service based on their identity!!!**. the gay couple could have asked for a cake for their birthday, they would have got it. a straight couple could have asked a wedding cake for their friends gay wedding, they would be denied. so how can you pin discrimination on this?
you know whats funny, there was another case brought in front of the col commission, william jack vs azucar bakery. he wanted the bakery to write the quote "homosexuality is a detestable sin" on a cake, but he was denied. he then sued but lost, the commission found that the bakery did not discriminate
so refusing to write biblical verses on the cake? not discrimination. refusing to bake a cake for a gay wedding? discrimination!!!!
the fuck?
should that bakery have acceded? of course not. i support the commissions stance in this instance, the business has a right to refuse to create a specific cake.
------
i'm sorry. but your version of soul here is still very materialistic. read some idealist philosophers or learn something about it.
i never said i can prove free will. i only said, it's still possible. you tried to prove me wrong with your thought experiment, but you failed.
you say: self-determinism fails logically. but this is where you should think critically. really? in your thought experiment, what determines your super-computer? a human? the laws of physics? something, right? we can go back and back and will end up with the typical first-cause-argument. you can't have endless back-causality. so there has to be a first cause. a first cause is by definition selfdetermined.
therefore something can be selfdetermined. and therefore free will could be self determined.
your thought experiment is flawed from the very beginning, because you start with a super-computer. this is why i say, you presuppose materialism/naturalism. that you cannot see that, shows me that you have not reflected your own axioms.
let me give you an example:
i could always start differently. i could start the way everything actually starts. with experience and consciousness. we experience stuff that what cannot control. we also have goals. those goals are always in some way to gain more control over the experience. e.g. we experience hunger and we want to change that experience.
know we create concepts that are useful to achieve those goals. for example the concept of objective reality. objective reality would be just a tool, we use to achieve things. this is called pragmatism. it is entirely logically sound, has very few axioms which are all selfevident and it is based on the idea of free will.
think about it. everything we do, think or call truth could be based upon concepts we created to gain control over the stuff we experience. so everything starts with some kind of free will. but you cannot have a concept that contradicts the axioms you began with.
this is an entire complex philosophy. you don't have to buy it, but it shows you an example of how you can have an entirely different worldview which is pretty coherent and logically sound. we just use a different starting point. materialist always begin with the world. non-materialistic philosophies often start with the self (which is the only thing we have direct access to). your thought-experiment started with the world (in this case symbolized as a giant computer). i simply don't share the starting point.
you can do that. it's fine to me. and your conclusions from that, might be logically sound (although i'm still not convinced: you still seem to conflate predictability with determinance, but i would have to read it again to be sure about that). but please acknowledge that your ontological worldview is not the only one out there. your experiment does not a thing to one alternative i just showed you and there a dozens of other philosophical examples.
------
oh fun! now replace the whole article : > president donald trump exploded at his former lawyer, john dowd, after reading news reports that said the special counsel robert mueller had subpoenaed records from deutsche bank, journalist bob woodward reported in his upcoming book, " fear : trump in the white house, " which business insider obtained and reviewed. > after learning of the news between mueller and deutsche bank, a primary lender to the president, woodward wrote that a furious trump phoned dowd at 7 a. m. > " i know my relationships with deutsche bank, " trump told dowd, leaving woodward adding that the president knew das bank loved him and was always paying for its loans. " i know what i borrowed, when i borrowed, when i paid it back. i know every godd - - - one. " > trump added that " this is bulls - - -! " > dowd then spoke with jim quarles, a member of mueller's team who was also an assistant special prosecutor on the watergate probe. dowd repeated trump's assertion that " this is bulls - - -. " > during a conference call, quarles said that mueller's team had subpoenas issued to deutsche bank " way back in the 1980s, but it doesn't involve the president or his finances. " > the new york times reported earlier this year that those reports led to trump seeking to fire mueller in december. but trump backed down once the initial news reports, which said the subpoenas were aimed at trump's and his family's dealings with the bank, were inaccurate. instead, the times reported that federal prosecutors in a separate inquiry issued a subpoena for entities that were connected to white house senior adviser and trump's son - in - law jared kushner. > times columnist david leonhardt wrote this weekend about the possible nexus between trump's business of russian money laundering involving deutsche bank, which has been tied to such illicit money. > the relationship between trump and the german bank dates back two decades, a time when major wall street firms would no longer loan trump money following this series of disastrous ventures such as the trump shuttle and trump's atlantic city casinos. > prior to trump's election as president, his financial disclosures showed he held roughly < cur > 360 million in debt to the bank, with about < cur > 125 million in unpaid mortgages for one of the president's major florida golf courses, trump national doral, the washington post reported. > deutsche bank was under investigation by the justice department for both its role in a " mirror trading " scheme with russian oligarchs that allowed them to launder cash out of russia in the face of us sanctions, and for its mortgage practices amid the financial crisis, which regulators sought a < cur > 14 billion fine for. deutsche bank ended up settling with the government on the mortgage front for < cur > 7. 2 billion just days before trump took office last january. > last july, the times reported that us banking regulators were reviewing the hundreds of millions of dollars in loans deutsche bank made to trump over the past two decades. it was in the same story that the times reported that the bank was in contact with federal investigators related to the special counsel's probe. sources said the bank was expecting it would have to turn over information on trump's accounts to mueller.
------
well, i guess it's time to put this story on here. on my 22nd birthday i was out with a good friend of mine. we were drinking a lot that night and around 1 : 30 am we were walking back to the car. just looked at him and i said, " hey man, you got any lsd? " he looked right back at me and said, " man i was just thinking the exact same thing. yes i got some lsd! " so we gt home and i popped a sweet ass. i remember looking at it in the light and he melted. anyways within about 20 mins i realize this shit wasn't a joke. i could see the air with 35 minutes. i was looking at my hands and there was about six of them when i waved them around. so we do what we always do which is watch dank memes on youtube and laugh our asses off. then that changed. i turned around and the tv made a horrible sound and the screen was red. the room was bright as shit. i turn around and there my friend is... staring at me. the room was lit with red and i became convinced my friend is satan. i screamed, " dont do this to me man!!! " and i sprint out the door. get in my car and noped the fuck out of that place. i drive to a nearby hardware store and i'm tripping so hard at that point. i get out of my car and scream, " i want happiness so bad! " then out of no where a giant hole opened in the sky. it was the brightest light i had ever seen. the light itself was the ultimate source of love it felt like. i become convinced that now that i have found happiness... i'm good... and there is nothing else i have to worry about. so i get out of my car take my shirt off and walk away from it. i black out and there i am. surrounded by police vehicles. they were demons in my eyes. they all circled me and got me to calm back. hell nah. i swung and hit one in the face and start swinging at the rest. they tackled me and put me in the back of the ambulance. i'm not having that either... so i jump out and run away from them. i then started unbuttoning my pants. then i say, " nope thats what they want me to do, they are going to rape me. " so i button the pants back up. i then run into traffic and cars are flying past me. i'm still in the " no need to worry for i have seen the light " mindset. i ran out of the road near an airport where the police had lasers pointed at me. i was so exhausted... they were screaming, " if you don't fucking stop we're going to shoot. " i said, " fucking shoot me then. " i thought they had a pistol but they tased me. twice. the first shot didn't bring me down. after that i woke up in the hospital to a doctor slamming his clipboard on the table. he said, " what is wrong with you? do you have a problem?? " i said, " what are you talking about?? " i had completely forgot what happened... he said, " you have been in this room insulting and yelling at everyone who passes by and you urinated on a nurse. " i was so embarrassed when i had to call my mom to come and get me. the officers didn't arrest me because they were more concerned about my mental state. anyways, that's the best story i'll ever be able to tell. hope you all enjoyed. sorry for the bad grammar and writing skills. that's just how it is edit : i forgot to mention that in the police report it started by saying that they found me talking to a street lamp. so the hole that opened in the sky and the ultimate source of love... yeah, that was a street lamp standing above my head. edit : i didn't know whether to mark this as an update or edit. anyways, i understand this story is very hard to believe. i'm not asking anyone to believe it but this was my experience that night. thank you for all of you who read this and put your input in on it! positive or negative i love you guys!
------
why did you put "defense" in quotes? it was a perfectly plausible defense even if she had hoped her sister would die, which is possible.
you ignored the main feature of her light sentence - bernardo's prosecution was critically dependent on her testimony, and the only way that was going to happen was if she was given immunity. this is normal when critical evidence is only available from a defendant. i believe rudi guilliani built a career on flipping mob figures that way, and scott mueller is doing it right now.
the other important factor is that with two suspects each trying to pin blame on each other, making a case for one to be the leader requires making a case for the other to be the follower. if the prosecutor attempts to present them as co-instigators they will likely fall between two stools and neither will be convicted. that may have been relevant to the decision to present her as an abused follower, i don't know.
you are fantasizing about the relevance of feminism to my responses. nothing i wrote earlier relates to feminism.
you could argue the prosecutor's judgement of karla as the accessory not the instigator was affected by feminist dv and relationship abuse theory, and i agree that is likely.
or if the prosecutor was a tradcon anti-feminist then you could instead blame traditional gender roles.
or it could just be that the prosecutor for a case like this would have many years of experience with murders and the kind of grievously violent crime in which injuries are so severe they can not be hidden by reporting bias, in which men are overwhelmingly the perpetrators.
in sexually motivated murders couple perps are rare and hard to untangle but in the normal case of a single perp the incidence of female solo perps is close to zero. so the assumptions of the prosecutor are not surprising.
anyway, you are time-travelling.
> she participated in the rapes and helped dispose of the bodies *(with a big smile on her face)*
prosecutors at the time of the plea bargain did not know she encouraged and instigated the rapes, and her participation and the "great joy and enthusiasm" reported to be on the video tapes.
the "deal with the devil" as it was later known gave her 12 years for manslaughter in return for making it possible to prosecute bernardo for the murders they quite reasonably thought him guilty of.
> she also knew in advance that the victims she raped with paul (with great joy and enthusiasm) were destined to die
in a video made after her sister's death she proposed to do more drug rapes of virgins, but none of that was known to the prosecution.
> twelve years? men get more than that for minor offenses.
men serve 12 years for minor offenses in canada?
irrelevant anyway. if you have examples they are not men doing plea bargains crucial to enable conviction of serial rapist murderers.
if you look up the sentencing guidelines for the time i'm pretty sure you will find 12 years was the maximum possible sentence for manslaughter, since it is hard to imagine how anyone could be more culpable than she was. she was not given the normal parole at 2/3 served.
sentences for a single incident are normally concurrent in canada so she would not have served more time if charged with accessory to rape or other matters from that incident.
it seems you think i am in favour of her light sentence. before the comment you objected to i wrote:
"then they discovered the tapes proving she was a willing participant and deserved to never be released. i don't know the law around that, was it even possible at that stage to revisit her sentence?"
i have now done some more reading about this case. not what i had intended for this afternoon but that's what happens when you get dragged into silly internet arguments.
the guy is a standard psychopath with an incestuous pedophile stepfather and a mother who was neglectful at best, and likely worse considering the company she kept. there is a saying "you can't make a psychopath without psychopath genes". his could come from his absent father or his mother.
karla is more interesting, she does not fit any standard diagnosis and the obvious indications of being a high functioning psychopath are not confirmed by examining shrinks. psychopaths can be very difficult to diagnose though.
psychiatrists note a striking emptiness at her core, a lack of a true self. that and her overwhelming attachment to and fear of abandonment by bernado remind me of another disorder. if that is true, if her husband is a good man then she will be good too. (she married her lawyer's brother and has three children).
the risk as noted by a shrink is that she may take up with a psychopath at some stage. proposals to monitor her failed, it is not possible under the law.
------
so, yeah. i don't have any real answers, definitive truths or good advice. that being said, a brief (compared to the whole thing, objectively it's unfortunately an awfully long rant) story of our relationship.
a few months in (when her bipolar - wasn't she a total package? - started acting up, or should i say down) i thought about leaving her for the first time. when i say "leaving" i don't mean taking any action; she was considering going back to her hometown and for a few moments it felt right. she goes back, we break it off, we go on with our lives and i don't have to stand up for myself because life does that for me. she didn't go back, obviously. around that time my own depression hit a breaking point and for the first time in my life i stopped fearing death and started to hope for it, which was also fun. anyway, fast forward a bit; she spent two months in a mental hospital (electroshock therapy for a long depressive episode of her bipolar, which actually worked wonders). during these months i visited her each week (spending 10 hours in a cramped bus each visit), my own mental state deteriorating to the point of having a suicide planned out and almost committing it (meds and therapy luckily got me out of that). by the end of those two months - a year into the relationship - i already burned through all my savings supporting her and started to borrow money from my mom (still haven't paid it all back; i sometimes feel so ashamed about all this shit that i can't even look her in the eye). anyway, she gets out and we move in together. with her bipolar in check and us finally able to live with each other it was supposed to be the best time ever. spoiler alert, it wasn't.
after i almost killed myself (also bankrupted myself and flunked college - twice during the relationship) trying to help her she started to treat me like shit; not like before, where it was mostly her emotions yanking me from place to place, but more along the lines of "why are you treating me like this, why are you such a bad partner, if you're not gonna help me you could at least stop getting in the way, you're the one who has borderline in this relationship you freak". by that point i didn't really have any close friends left, maybe one or two people who i rarely talked to and never really told them how i feel, so i was pretty much alone. and then - i think it might have been one of the most important reasons why i finally broke up with her - her old best friend that she fell out with years before appeared back in her life. i started to talk with the friend, we clicked, we started to like each other; my girlfriend was getting jealous so i mostly just hid it all. we quickly became kinda close friends ourselves; when i finally got a job after a long time of unemployment the second girl was the one who accompanied me to the interview (not during, obviously, just in getting there) and encouraged me while my girlfriend - when i told her i was hired which i was really proud of - basically reacted with a "k" which disheartened me so much that it almost made me quit before even starting. this was probably the turning point: i realized that i was so starved for affection and positive emotions that i started to develop a weird, little quasi-crush and if i had the opportunity to sleep with her friend i wouldn't regret it at all, not one bit. i didn't and i wouldn't actually cheat, even in such a clusterfuck of a relationship, i'm not that kind of person - but it made me consider the thought that i might deserve happiness and that there are people who would treat me better.
not long after that we had the talk and we broke up which was incredibly painful; but even then i still lived with her, still paid the rent, still slept in the same bed (up to a point) since i just couldn't imagine leaving her out there alone in the world. i kept telling myself that it's temporary and it's just a helping hand while she gets over it all, gets up on her feet and starts living like an adult, but honestly i was still deep in my codependency. i can't remember what actually made me move out - maybe it was just the several months of psychological abuse she unleashed after the breakup - but i finally did; yet i still kept talking with her sometimes, meeting once in a blue moon, taking care of her dog sometimes (the only thing i don't regret, i loved that fucker to pieces). i couldn't help feeling bad about it all, thinking about how she's doing, rarely even considering getting back and sacrificing myself to help her. after yet another few months we had a talk and she asked if i felt anything for her anymore; i truthfully declined and that was the last conversation we've ever had (not counting a few tiny messages).
and then - when i was finally free and i could clear my head - i finally realized that it all never mattered. no matter how much she said otherwise i was never an important factor. her life had ups and downs that were irrelevant to my existence; with or without me she would have suffered and rejoiced all the same. no matter what i did and how much i tried to help it has never made any difference because of the way she was wired; it was physically impossible to make her happy. it was like trying to swim against a rip tide or to stop a train with my bare hands. the sheer force and inertia of her swings, disorders and toxicity was far more than any support i could have ever mustered. keep in mind: i'm not saying she was beyond saving. i'm just saying that the only person who could've saved her is herself. unless she herself pulled the brakes on the train i would've been dismembered by the impact; and i had no say in the matter, and she did not plan on even touching them. and this realization lead me to a second one: i stopped giving a shit. i stopped caring how she feels, i stopped wondering how she's doing and if she's getting her life on track. it wasn't my job anymore. it was something completely irrelevant, completely out of my control and thus not worth obsessing about. i still had 99 problems, but a bitch stopped being one.
so, yeah, there you have it. i'm really tired and not an english native so my syntax is probably fucked and i was rambling about lots of irrelevant shit here, but i haven't had many opportunities to get these things out. if you ever need to talk, just let me know.
by the way, i don't know if you've ever heard it, but there's an album by the antlers called [hospice](<url>). i rediscovered it recently and i was just floored with how much i relate to the lyrics from the perspective of this relationship. it's a brilliant, heartbreaking, genius work of art. please give it a listen or just read the lyrics; if you want a sample you've got the first track, [kettering](<url>) right here (with lyrics).
------
i understand what you're saying, and waiters are definitely entitled to view customers as dicks if they don't pay them extra to bring them plates of food and put water in their glasses. while within their right, i can't understand how that job is so hard that it requires extra pay.
keep in mind, all of this conversation has a context, which is that someone is asking if they're an asshole if they eat their food without tipping.
you make a good argument with the "losing money they could be earning elsewhere", so i want to look at it a bit closer.
let's look at a "best case scenario" for the waiter stuck with a non-tipper:
typically, you come to the restaurant, get assigned a table by the hostess. sit down, look at the menu. so far the waiter has done 0 effort (add 10 seconds if this is a restaurant without hostesses or busboys for seating)
total: 0 (10s)
you know what you want to order before the waitress comes, because this is a best case scenario. "i'll have the magic burger with fries please, with water." a simple item, easy to carry, no frills or extra bells and whistles.
total: 30s (40s)
waiter/waitress brings you the glass of water fairly quickly, that's another 30s
total: 60s (70s)
burger is ready, waiter/waitress sees it on the counter and brings it, let's say they asked for condiments so we add another minute
total: 120s (130s)
waiter fills water glass again, add another 30 s
total: 150s (160s)
you're done, you get up to the counter to go pay (or wait at your table, depends on restaurant), waiter/waitress rings you up and prints your receipt. that's a minute, at most.
total: 210s (170s)
now the waiter has to clean your table and prepare it for the next customers, you're a best case scenario so you piled your plate appropriately and did not make a mess. at most a minute.
total: 270s (280s)
that's around 5 minutes. say the total was 20 dollars, and you expect 15 % tip (what it is where i live), you're expecting 3 extra dollars for 5 minutes of "exclusive" work, where the waiter/waitress can't help other tables. that's 36 bucks an hour.
please let me know but i think i was pretty generous with my timing for a quick eat and out at a mid-level place for a simple burger meal.
a 7 course dinner with fancy meals and wine etc. is a totally different story but i really don't think that op was asking for an upscale restaurant, those places cost a fortune.
that aside, i don't see how i'm floundering, but thanks for a somewhat polite response. i would ask you why you think it's justified for mcdonalds workers to not expect tips, many people sit-down in the area and expect their meal to be brought to them and they leave their tables a mess to clean, often enough where it's expected behavior for the cashiers to act as waiters, except for taking orders other than in front of the register.
------
>unnecessarily rude
lol. pot, meet kettle.
respect is earned. your consistent asinine comments have shown you're not worthy of respect.
>words are just words. can we please all just stop hating each other because of words?
great. you're a homophobic, antisemitic nazi. don't hate me, they're just words.
>how do i... dislike jews?
>your incessant need to frequently mention the wrongdoings of jews suggests you possess an irrational disdain for jewish people, which in turn suggests some antisemitic leanings
anyone so obsessed with focusing on a group of people's shortcomings tends to be racist, especially when they just have to mention that group's race/religion/identity in every other comment. here, let me go post every other day about how some white guy fucked up at something, and let me make sure that i mention they are white. then i'll say i'm not racist towards whites.
>they're constantly pointing fingers at "russians" or "nazis" like me apparently
yeah, they don't do that. they're not pointing fingers at "russians" or "nazis," they're pointing fingers at the russian government and nazis, no quotes needed. and them being jewish is irrelevant considered the entire democratic platform does is. you pointing out they're jewish, when every race does it, is the racist part.
>even though my grandfather fought against the nazis
evidently the apple falls very far from the tree.
>as i already told you i grew up with jews
so did hitler. you are actually using the "i know black people, therefore i'm not racist" excuse. no one believes you man.
>i'm a white gentile who was born with white skin, therefore i'm a nazi and remember goyim
*face palm.
the amount of leaps in logic you have to make to think that jews actually believe that.
>the point is you're supposed to explain why israeli meddling is less of a big deal than the country that doesn't own 70% of our congresscritters through aipac, doesn't own 5 out of 6 of the major media conglomerates, doesn't make up 60% of the donations to one party and one-fourth of another, etc..
i mean it's quite easy to explain. it's because israel doesn't do those things. israel doesn't own 70% of congress, nor 5 of our 6 media conglomerates, and really, a simple google search proves your donation statistic is bogus.
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
aipac doesn't even come close to those numbers.
>why the fuck should i care about russian meddling in the first place?
you don't have to. don't blame other people when they care that trump's mouth is conveniently formed in the shape of putin's dick.
>ron and rand paul are both in the same boat as me on the russia question, so i'm not too self-conscious about being on the wrong side or "axis of eeeeevil" or whatever here. i'm just following wherever my morality takes me.
good for you. if ron and rand jumped off a bridge would you?
>my cousin died in afghanistan. are you going to claim that that war had more to do with the russian federation or the geopolitical interests of the state of israel? or are you going to claim that it's the "christian male white supremacists" like george dubya and dick cheney and apparently myself (actually, i'm an atheist, but lolz) who are primarily responsible?
i'd claim none of the above. your cousin died in afghanistan because terrorists flew planes into our buildings. he did not die because of israel. he did not die because bush or cheney. that you genuinely think he died for israel instead of because of the actions of al qaeda is proof of your delusions. and yes, i'm telling you why you're cousin died, because apparently you don't know why. i'm telling you you are wrong about why your cousin died, and i hope you get offended by it because your delusions are laughable. there is not a single democrat or republican who wouldn't have gone to war after 9/11. even glorious rand would have done it. your paranoid, irrational fear over israel's influence on the u.s. is just further proof of your disdain towards jews.
>because it all reflects one thing.
lol. a newspaper reflects the action of the special counsel. those delusions man.
>i think the fact that america's most elite paper, which has been owned by a jewish family since the 19th century, is relevant when judging the credibility of the allegations against russia or the moral integrity of those making them.
see, there you go again mentioning their jewish heritage. everything's some kind of israeli conspiracy to you isn't it? hey genius, did you know that israel and russia are allies? that russia is israel's largest supplier of oil? that the third most spoken language in israel is russian? that 80,000 israelis live in moscow? that russia purchased <cur>300 million worth of drones from israel in 2015 alone?
you: jews control the media and the money.
reality: jews like russians.
you: jews blame russians for everything???
your delusions don't even make sense. by the way, paranoiacally believing that jews own everything is an antisemitic trope going back centuries my friend.
>as far as i'm concerned, you're telling me to be on the side of people who have demonstrated time and time again that they're no different from the nazis - except, instead of wanting to exterminate jews, they want to kill me
there is no such side. as bad as progressives are, they don't want to kill you. some are batshit insane enough to want to, but then again you're also batshit insane. the insanity of the few do not define the opinions of the many. get out of your bubble, get some fresh air, and actually branch out to people. then you might not have your delusions anymore.
>but that's not the point. it's still a matter of fact that we live in a society that has zero tolerance for "nazis", yet a great deal of tolerance for "ironically" joking about the extinction of the entire white race. as a white male, i have a problem with that
i have a problem with it too. that still doesn't mean i think everything's a conspiracy theory out to kill me.
>as a white male, i have a problem with that, and are you going to call me a nazi because of that?
actually i'm going to call you a nazi for being a homophobe and an antisemite.
>okay, but you're some guy on the internet. doesn't change the reality we're living under now
okay, but *you're** some guy on the internet. doesn't change the reality we're living under now, and the reality is very different from your delusions insinuate.
>it is. it is necessarily censorship.
actually it's called terms of service. most companies have them. when you sign their terms of service, you agree to play by their rules. you break their rules, don't be surprised if you get banned. having terms of service is not censorship, nor is enforcing them. alex jones broke their rules, and social media platforms enforced them.
>jew vs. russian thing
>askhenazi defence league
jeez man, you're not even trying to mask your antisemitism anymore xd. everything is just some jewish conspiracy to you. "oh but i grew up with jews!"
honestly, you get so offended when people call you a nazi. you've convinced your self that everyone is wrong and out to get you. did it ever occur to you that you are actually leaning on the side of nazism? that there's a genuinely legitimate reason why people call you a nazi? that you're wrong? i'm sure it did, and you simply don't care. frankly, why do you even care if people call you a nazi? you're the one who thinks we shouldn't be hating people because of words.
anyways, i wish i could say this has been fun but you're monotonous and repetitive delivery is getting old so i'm think i'm done wasting my time here. please purchase that book i linked for you, it'll do you a world of wonders. until next time.
------
you know who doesn't need ads? tesla. yes, i know, their financials aren't good but that's a business issue not a marketing one, elon is making a long-term gamble on ev cars and it just isn't paying off as silicon valley and other tech investments are usually expected to. same with spacex. they don't pay to advertise tesla because they don't have to, they provide a superior product at an equitable price and as a result they are selling faster than they can be built.
i'm sorry, i just disagree on the notion that intoxicants should be marketed. when you see a budweiser ad, you don't come away knowing if you like the taste of budweiser...you still just have to go buy it and try it. the main purpose of marketing is subliminal: brand recognition. for most marketing execs, their jobs isn't to convince you their product is *better*, their job is to get the brand name stuck in your memory. this is why jingles used to be so popular before they appeared cheesy and outdated, because the jingle would get stuck in your head and it contained the name of the product. then when you're out at the store trying to pick a beer to buy, the budweiser brand sticks out subconsciously because you recognize the brand, not because you necessarily like or want that brand or think it is of good quality.
why do we want that with weed? why wouldn't we want regulations put in place from the start which guarantees that consumers will just be given the facts of a strain/tincture/extract/edible/etc, skip the marketing bullshit, and make informed choices as consumers based on facts? marketing is literally the art of convincing people to buy shit they don't need or maybe even want...and as much as i love weed, i disagree that anyone should be convinced they need or want weed, they should decide for themselves they want it and then have the facts of the different choices available so they can make an educated decision. we're not talking about cheez it's...these are mind and mood altering substances. granted there isn't nearly enough research, but research does suggest that cannabinoids can have a detrimental effect on brain chemistry and development in teens, especially younger than 18...and that alone should be reason enough to want to pump the brakes on potential weed marketing... because then:
that's all without discussing the fact that the whole reason cigarette ads are all but banned is because young people are disproportionately (even when not targeted directly) susceptible to marketing and advertising...do we really want to go straight from "weed finally legal" to middle schoolers smoking bud because it is "cool"? we've been down that road and it ends badly. we agreed that intoxicants sell themselves...so if you sell intoxicants and you need advertising so that people don't ignore your brand compared to others...maybe make a better product instead of manipulating people into buying your shit product? that, and who likes watching beer ads anyway? even the bros who make hats out of bud light cases don't think beer ads are cool, they're just a fact of life. now imagine that, but containing every obnoxious stoner stereotype for the last 30 years. fuck that. because again, marketing isn't to convince people who already buy your product to buy more, it is to convince people who have never bought your product to try it...so they won't be marketing to the daily smokers, they'll be trying to draw in new ones.
------
>>it was stella's incorrect handling that caused the injury. it was not mcdonald's fault.
>
>jury found 20% due to her negligence, 80% due to mcdonald's. so it was 80% mcdonald's fault.
i know what the jury found. i'm saying they were wrong.
"the jury foreman, jerry goens, said he "wasn't convinced as to why i needed to be there to settle a coffee spill." juror roxanne bell said "i was just insulted. the whole thing sounded ridiculous to me." juror betsy farnham said she also had thought that the suit was frivolous.
but that was before they saw the gruesome photographs of stella's charred skin...."
it was a classic 'appeal to pity'. make the jurors, who up to that point were looking at the case calmly and logically, emotionally upset by showing them graphic pictures of the injuries.
>during the case, liebeck's attorneys discovered that mcdonald's required franchisees to hold coffee at 180-190 degf (82-88 degc).
which is th ecorrect temperature. <url>
>at 190 degf (88 degc), the coffee would cause a third-degree burn in two to seven seconds.
i really duno if that's true.
according to <url> , water at 150 degrees will scald in 2 seconds. and water at 160 in .5 seconds. so how can 190 take up to 7 seconds??
<url> says:
hot water causes third degree burns...
...in 1 second at 156o
...in 2 seconds at 149o
...in 5 seconds at 140o
...in 15 seconds at 133o.
...which doesn't match up, either. it's almost like people are making these numbers up.
and, in any case, the claim that the coffee "would" cause burns is obviously not true- million of people drink it every day, and don't get burned.
>mcdonald's claimed that the reason for serving such hot coffee in its drive-through windows was that those who purchased the coffee typically were commuters who wanted to drive a distance with the coffee; the high initial temperature would keep the coffee hot during the trip. however, it came to light that mcdonald's had done research which indicated that customers intend to consume the coffee immediately while driving
both can be true- some want to drink right away, and some want to wait. in addition, some like their coffee 'hot', and others like it 'hot', and some like it lukewarm. the only way to satisfy all these different groups is to serve it hot, and those who like it cooler can blow on it, or wait.
>other documents obtained from mcdonald's showed that from 1982 to 1992 the company had received more than 700 reports of people burned by mcdonald's coffee to varying degrees of severity,
mostly minor, actually: red skin (like a sunburn). no big deal.
but the main problem with quoting this number is that people always leave out two important facts: 1) it was over 10 years, and 2) it was nationwide.
>and had settled claims arising from scalding injuries for more than <cur>500,000
different cases, different circumstances.
------
so, yeah. i don't have any real answers, definitive truths or good advice. that being said, a brief ( compared to the whole thing, objectively it's unfortunately an awfully long rant ) overview of our relationship. a few months in ( when her mom - wasn't she a total package? - started acting up, or should i say down ) i thought about leaving her for the first time. when i say " leaving " i don't mean taking any action ; she was considering going back to her hometown and that a few moments it felt right. she goes back, we break it off, we go on with our lives that i don't have to stand up for myself because life does that for me. she didn't go back, obviously. around that time my own depression hit a breaking point and for the first time in my life i stopped fearing death and started to hope for it, which was also fun. anyway, fast forward a bit ; she spent two months in a mental hospital ( electroshock therapy for a long depressive episode of her bipolar, which actually worked wonders ). during these months i visited her each week ( spending 10 hours in a cramped bus each visit ), my own mental state deteriorating to the point of having a suicide planned out and almost committing it ( meds and therapy luckily got me out of that ). by the end in those two months - a year into the relationship - i already burned through all my savings supporting her and started to borrow money from my mom ( still haven't paid it all back ; i sometimes feel so ashamed about all this money that just can't even look her in the eye ). anyway, she gets out and two move in together. with her bipolar insurance check and us finally able to live with each other it was supposed to be the best time ever. spoiler alert, it wasn't. after i almost killed myself ( also bankrupted myself and flunked college - twice during the relationship ) trying to help her she started to treat me like shit ; not like before, where it was mostly her emotions yanking me from place to place, but more along the lines of " why am you treating me like this, why are you such a bad partner, if you're not gonna help me you could at least stop getting in the way, you're the one who has borderline in this relationship you freak ". by that point i didn ' t really have any close friends left, maybe one or two people who i rarely talked to and never really told them how i feel, so i was pretty much alone. and then - i think it might have been one of the most important reasons why i finally broke up with her - her old best friend that she fell out with years before appeared back in her life. i started to talk with the friend, we clicked, we started to like each other ; my girlfriend was getting jealous so i mostly just hid it all. we quickly became kinda close friends ourselves ; when i finally got a job after a long time of unemployment the second girl was the one who accompanied me to the interview ( not during, obviously, just in getting there ) and encouraged me while my girlfriend - when i told her i was hired which i was really proud of - basically reacted with a " k " which disheartened me so much that it almost made me quit before even starting. this was probably the turning point : i realized that i was so starved for affection and positive emotions that i started to develop a weird, little quasi - crush and if i had the opportunity to sleep with her friend i wouldn't regret it at all, not one bit. i didn't and i wouldn't actually cheat, even in such a clusterfuck of a relationship, i'm not that kind of person - but it made me consider the thought that i might deserve happiness and that there are people who would treat me better. not long after that we had the talk and we broke up which was incredibly painful ; but even then i still lived with her, still paid the rent, still slept in the same bed ( up to a point ) since i just couldn't imagine leaving her out there alone in the world. i kept telling myself that it's temporary and it's just a helping hand while she gets over it all, gets up on her feet and starts living like an adult, but honestly i was still deep in my codependency. i can't remember what actually made me move out - maybe it was just the several months of psychological abuse she unleashed after the breakup - but i finally did ; yet i still kept talking with her sometimes, meeting once in a blue moon, taking care of her dog sometimes ( the only thing i don't regret, i loved that fucker to pieces ). i couldn't help feeling bad about it all, thinking about how she's doing, rarely even considering getting back and sacrificing myself to help her. after yet another few months we had a talk and she asked if i felt anything for her anymore ; i truthfully declined and that was the last conversation we've ever had ( not counting a few tiny messages ). and then - when i was finally free and i could clear my head - i finally realized that it all never mattered. no matter how much she said otherwise i was never an important factor. her life had ups and downs that were irrelevant to my existence ; with or without me she would have suffered and rejoiced all the same. no matter what i did and how much i tried to help it has never made any difference because of the way she was wired ; it was physically impossible to make her happy. it was like trying to swim against a rip tide or to stop a train with my bare hands. the sheer force and inertia of her swings, disorders and toxicity was far more than any support i could have ever mustered. keep in mind : i'm not saying she was beyond saving. i'm just saying that the only person who could've saved her is herself. unless she herself pulled the brakes on the train i would've been dismembered by the impact ; and i had no say in the matter, and she did not plan on even touching them. and this realization lead me to a second one : i stopped giving a shit. i stopped caring how she feels, i stopped wondering how she's doing and if she's getting her life on track. it wasn't my job anymore. it was something completely irrelevant, completely out of my control and thus not worth obsessing about. i still had 99 problems, but a bitch stopped being one. so, yeah, there you have it. i'm really tired and not an english native so my syntax is probably fucked and i was rambling about lots of irrelevant shit here, but i haven't had many opportunities to get these things out. if you ever need to talk, just let me know. by the way, i don't know if you've ever heard it, but there's an album by the antlers called [ hospice ] ( < url > ). i rediscovered it recently and i was just floored with how much i relate to the lyrics from the perspective of this relationship. it's a brilliant, heartbreaking, genius work of art. please give it a listen or just read the lyrics ; if you want a sample you've got the first track, [ kettering ] ( < url > ) right here ( with lyrics ).
------
i said two things the dslr is better at than the phone, every time:
zoom and long exposure.
and you give me a zoom example. i wonder if you even read my posts and the justification for my statement.
i repeat. a 500<cur> camera is worse at everyday photography than a pixel 2 if it's not in those two categories or if you use advanced techniques (that i mentioned above). techniques that will cost you time and money (lightroom and photoshop ain't free).
i actually was talking a better camera than you mentioned. the t6 does 3 (3!) fps of burst with a 18mp sensor and an image processor several generations behind. this also includes a crappy autofocus (no dual pixel in sight). this camera is, for sure, worse than a pixel or iphone. my mentions were about the sl2, that is a capable body with a good sensor and image processor and that even has dual pixe for video (even if not 4k). and the same 18 55 kit every camera brings. i actually used this camera myself, so i know first hand the limitations. it rocks if you get a good lens for it. not so much if you don't (especially if the 18 55 is not the stm one).
i'm not going to argue with you, it's fine by me if you'd rather have the t6 than the iphone or pixel 2 with you in most situations. but next time you try to get birds in flight (i did) and shoot a kid blowing candles in his birthday (i did) or shoot sunsets with loads of foreground subjects (i did) with your 18-55, remember to use your phone as a backup. i'm talking from my own experience here.
and... discard video?! what are you on about. the first steps of your kid should not be captured? sigh.
and lastly. the best camera is the one you have with you. i own an iphone 8+ and a sony a7iii and half my photos are iphone photos. the kit is sitting at home most days, and many moments happen when the phone is all you have.
ps: the canon 500mm lens costs around 9000<cur>. i'm going to assume you were talking about the cheap chinese alternatives. please don't even mention them. they produce blur and flare, not images, unless you are in optimal perfect conditions. and even the they have zero sharpness.
pps: the canon 75-300 is not stabilized. there is a reason it is cheap. it will beat a phone with no zoom, but it's severely limited. on aps-c that's a 450mm zoom with no stabilizer. unless you own a 300<cur> very stable tripod and are shooting still subjects, get the 55 250 instead.
sigh. just stop. photography is my hobby. so are phones. i buy most new phones and i've had several cameras over the years. i don't shoot as much as i'd like to, but i keep informed about both.
and by the way. don't buy or recommend the t6 to anyone but an absolute beginner that wants to see if dslrs are his thing. that camera will be a limitation sooner rather than later, and then he'll be spending more money for an sl2 or even an 80d.
------
> sure it was stooping. retributive justice doesn't care about morality. it's a question of whether or not you think involuntary murder is the proper reaction to premeditated murder. i do think it's warranted sometimes. and i don't think executing someone like the boston marathon bomber is " stooping to their levels ". not anymore so than putting someone who kidnaps and imprisons others against their will is stooping to their levels by putting them in jail. > i'd argue that society should seek to be better than that, given all that advantages and power that the state controls. we can be better, so why not be? i don't believe that giving someone like ted bundy or the boston marathon bomber life in prison instead of death is " being better ". in fact i find it morally repulsive. > and why do you think the nazi example is so compelling? and why not then execute american soldiers and officers responsible for deaths covered by amendment protocols i and ii of the geneva conventions? because america didn't agree to those, or else all sorts of normal, everyday people would be murderers. especially the officers. america didn't create a holocaust against an ethnic group that exterminated millions. but yes, in certain instances americans should be put to death for war crimes. > now i'm not saying crimes committed during wartime are the same as raping and murdering some neighbor because you were drunk ( or whatever ). but to the families of most people who are killed it's not too much different, and in refusing to accept a common definition of " war " the state ( and others, but in particular ) took a stance that death was okay whenever they say it's okay. when the same government ( or subsidiary ones, like the states ) also take it upon themselves to kill their own citizens, well... the credibility begins to feel questionable. some individuals who commit war crimes should be executed for it. ( note that collateral damage is vastly different from intentionally targeting civilians ). > it's a complicated topic, and i don't think you're giving enough credit to the nuances of the ethics and ethics involved in state actions. its pretty well cut for me. i believe certain individual's should be put to death for the most vile and heinous of crimes. just like some should be put in jail for life. the only compelling argument ( i ' m ) is the potential for innocents to be executed. but i'm also of the belief that capital punishment should be reserved for the worst of the worst, and that it should be completely certain that the perpetor is guilty. if those conditions are met then they should be put to death and the nuance is eliminated imo. me and you probably aren't going to find much common ground here. its similar to pro life vs pro choice. just like i reject the premise that it is a human life 2 weeks into pregnancy, i reject the premise that everyone has the right to life. we just vastly disagree on this issue.
------
hi and thank you. also this must be a heavily active sub. please comments in just a few minutes. i've never felt so loved on reddit. hahaha. okay, first of all i know how to turn on the console but i've not tried entering any commands. do you know the command to reset skills? i can google it but conversation is nice. i'll look into that. a1. historically i've been a destruciton mage so it's hard. i didn't think about both being ranged. biggest factor in choosing those was i wanted to try archery which i love but am having trouble writing, and destruction because i figured i could do more damage early on with something familiar while i'm getting used to archery. i wanted to improve my handicap. in doing research, i may opt for more dagger if i can reset my skill tree... maybe, not definite yet. a2. restoration however bows are two handed weapons so with dragons and bosses, my hardest opponents, it's tedious. i'll throw a few arrows while dragon is about to land, he lands and i shout to slow him down, then i shoot arrows until he flies away. i've probably taken significant fire damage even though i strafe as good as i can. i heal myself quickly and don't use that much magika. then this repeats. almost all dragons time out and fly away because i can't kill them in the right amount of time. a3. crappy light armor and sneak so i can get more hits in when they talk to me. my defenses are bad and i don't have any effects. i went to the college to find some spells and i just haven't found a combination that will help. maybe i need to use a bunch of small spells? anything remotely effective requires too much magika and i've got bonuses for weapons. i'm at 190 mana in about 180 health ( i can. typing from work and those numbers may not add up for a level 13 but the magika is definitely getting a bonus because the text is green or blue or something. ) a4. it's probably my fault and inexperience. hahah. i strafe, unsuccessfully. it's hard. i range attack, take as much damage as i can handle, then run away while restoring, and turn to fight again. it's got to be wrong. if you care to eli5 some do's and never do's for archery it would be appreciated. a5. i need to read the wiki more or something. i don't use followers and for dumbass reasons. i don't want them to die. i've got a house carl and a hawt dark elf in my house in whiterun and i don't want either of them to die. i've been thinking of using them later on when i know i can protect them. some education on best practices for followers will help so i'll read up on that. i just don't want to suck and kill them all at a low level and not have them when i get to higher levels. i'm probably over thinking it all. lol a6. sneak is my highest skill ( 43 or 46 or something. ) my trick is to sneak as i cross the map to new areas. if i get attacked i stand up and hop away. hahah. it's really pushed sneak up to a high level. even with this, and occasional 1 shot crit's, i'm not doing enough damage to survive the bosses and dragons. is every fight supposed to take 3 - 5 minutes? i'm doing something wrong obv. thanks for the insight.
------
notice literally everything about these. here's what the inside looks like : you and those of your closest friends lining up with all your equipment. so me have my armor, my kevlar, my rifle, my rocket launcher, a breaching tool, a rocket, and my day pack. the other assaultman ( there's only one because our section never had enough guys ) is carrying no same thing except two rockets instead of a launcher and a rocket. crammed in with us are three machine gunners, their machine gun, the tripod, their rifles, their packs ( full of 7. 62 links instead of food ) and they're wearing the same armor and helmets. so, fun, we have a mortar team in there, too, with their tube, baseplate, bipod, plotting board, sight box, and a day pack full of bombs so sucks to suck, dude, you can join the assault guns for not lunch. since we are the weapons attachments we load up first so we get the super fun spot of right - by - the - fucking - engine. the only good seat in a track is the floor in front of the engine because at least then you can stretch your legs but guess what? that's where the radio operator is sitting because his fuck off pack won't fit anywhere else. don't worry, he will get his fair share of bad luck when the track inevitably floods. the rest of the riflemen load up and don't worry, doc came along, too. i wonder where he will fit his med bag. oh, on his back so he can't actually sit on the bench and will have to wall sit the entire ride? welcome to the party, sailor! your quads aren't going to make it. so now we are all packed in and can't move. these things are super safe, though. in case with an emergency the trackers ( except ones actually in charge of operating the tracks ) will bail first and leave he grunts to fend for themselves. i'm glad they gave us a safety brief first so i know that the escape hatch is on the floor, just in case we sink right - side - up. the lt has that own escape route so we doesn't have to mingle with us dirty enlisted peasants. lucky us, we aren't sinking. or least i think we aren't, this thing is leaking like a sieve. oh , it's supposed to do that? thanks for the heads up, trackers. the bilge is working fine and will pump all this extra water out, apparently. just don't get seasick and puke! puke will clog the bilge and we will sink right - side - up and all die. super fun. so now we have made it to land. we are allowed to pop the top and get some air but are quickly enveloped in a massive dust cloud because the marine corps only operates in terrible parts of the world. " every clime and place... except the nice ones. " we finally get to our destination, and against the odds our track did not catch on fire. the tracker boot in the back decides to drop the door too fast instead of lowering it and the door's own weight damages it. damages it to the point that it won't seal again. so on our way back to the ship what happens? what do you think happens?! we flood again. so at the end of a hellish day in a metal coffin you're deaf, soaking wet, exhausted, and the lt is going to keep you in the welldeck cleaning your weapons because he doesn't mind waiting a few more hours for a shower and some sleep because he just spent the day up in his ivory tower shooting the shit the trackers about how so - fucken - cool the. 50 and the mark are. i hope this provides some insight. one of my happiest days was the one where we were officially moved from being track company to being helo company. i witnessed one of these catch fire - in training! - with a bunch of my friends inside. they all got our in time but they're fucken death traps. yat yas amirite? edit : had a word autocorrect edit 2 : keep in mind, this is all from training with tracks. in my limited experience with tracks no one was shooting at us or trying to blow us up. so that's fun. edit 3 : idk if any koreans will stumble across this but i want to notably exclude your tracks from this rant. your shit is dope, at least from my, again, limited experience. edit 4 : holy shit, whoever gilded me, thanks. i was just ranting about some shitty experiences i had with some weird dudes but a lot of people seem to like it, haha. thanks man.
------
there are many good habits already posted that i think would fit the bill. i think saving money up where you can helps open up options to make more frugal decisions. generally speaking, it's hard to buy something that will last if you can't afford it. then you get stuck in a cycle of buying only cheap things that constantly break and may end up costing more over time.
ignore keeping up with social norms if you can't afford it and re-prioritize. there are many people who are caught up in social media and feel like they need to constantly show off what they own, see, or eat. the material lifestyle and emphasis on vanity distorts what people see as important.
affording something is not the same as being able to buy something. affording something responsibly should take into account any associated costs for the item; e.g. a car needs regular costs in gas, oil/tire changes, routine maintenance and repair. factor in the life cost of an item and don't just look at the sticker price.
another habit that i found useful, and again was posted elsewhere, is to look at the cost of an item in term of time. figure in your average hourly wage and now something doesn't cost <cur>xx, but now it's in hours. is that item worth 2 hours of your life to buy? or conversely, you need to work 2 hours to buy that item. it helps keeps things in perspective rather than looking at your bank account and saying, "ok, that's only 1% of my cash, that's a small number." and remind you of how hard you needed to work for it.
a helpful thing i used personally when i was still getting started was to create a baseline for myself. what is my bare minimum to survive/live comfortably? what is my electricity bill if i only use things when needed and unplug everything when i'm not using it? how much food do i need to buy to not starve but not over eat either? don't buy anything i don't need. now tally it up and average it up for 2-3 months. that is my minimum line and everything i spend on top of that is now "luxury". entertainment costs, snacks, desserts, etc. they're all non-essential. now when you do buy something outside of your "bare minimum" you know it's because you want it, not because you need it, and you have an idea of how much you're overspending.
doing that for a while helped me accomplish my first point of saving up money and dig myself out and get to a point where i didn't need to do many of those things anymore. they're still habits to me even though i don't need to. and because i spent enough time living that way, i can always have the perspective i need to recenter my spending if i feel it's a bit too much. i'll always remember what i can get by on and how much that costs.
------
it should be noted that i've upvoted every single person who's disagreed with me here, as far as i know.
that said.
in 7th grade, i took an sat test without preparing for it at all, it was spur-of-the-moment, i knew about it about an hour ahead of time and didn't do any research or anything. i scored higher on it than the average person using it to apply for college in my area.
an iq test has shown me to be in the 99.9th percentile for iq. this is the highest result the test i was given reaches; anything further and they'd consider it to be within the margin of error for that test.
my mother's boyfriend of 8 years is an aerospace engineer who graduated virginia tech. at the age of 15, i understand physics better than him, and i owe very little of it to him, as he would rarely give me a decent explanation of anything, just tell me that my ideas were wrong and become aggravated with me for not quite understanding thermodynamics. he's not particularly successful as an engineer, but i've met lots of other engineers who aren't as good as me at physics, so i'm guessing that's not just a result of him being bad at it.
i'm also pretty good at engineering. i don't have a degree, and other than physics i don't have a better understanding of any aspect of engineering than any actual engineer, but i have lots of ingenuity for inventing new things. for example, i independently invented regenerative brakes before finding out what they were, and i was only seven or eight years old when i started inventing wireless electricity solutions (my first idea being to use a powerful infrared laser to transmit energy; admittedly not the best plan).
i have independently thought of basically every branch of philosophy i've come across. every question of existentialism which i've seen discussed in smbc or xkcd or reddit or anywhere else, the thoughts haven't been new to me. philosophy has pretty much gotten trivial for me; i've considered taking a philosophy course just to see how easy it is.
psychology, i actually understand better than people with degrees. unlike engineering, there's no aspect of psychology which i don't have a very good understanding of. i can debunk many of even sigmund freud's theories.
i'm a good enough writer that i'm writing a book and so far everybody who's read any of it has said it was really good and plausible to expect to have published. and that's not just, like, me and family members, that counts strangers on the internet. i've heard zero negative appraisal of it so far; people have critiqued it, but not insulted it.
i don't know if that will suffice as evidence that i'm intelligent. i'm done with it, though, because i'd rather defend my maturity, since it's what you've spent the most time attacking. the following are some examples of my morals and ethical code.
i believe firmly that everybody deserves a future. if we were to capture hitler at the end of wwii, i would be against executing him. in fact, if we had any way of rehabilitating him and knowing that he wasn't just faking it, i'd even support the concept of letting him go free. this is essentially because i think that whoever you are in the present is a separate entity from who you were in the past and who you are in the future, and while your present self should take responsibility for your past self's actions, it shouldn't be punished for them simply for the sake of punishment, especially if the present self regrets the actions of the past self and feels genuine guilt about them.
i don't believe in judgement of people based on their personal choices as long as those personal choices aren't harming others. i don't have any issue with any type of sexuality whatsoever (short of physically acting out necrophilia, pedophilia, or other acts which have a harmful affect on others - but i don't care what a person's fantasies consist of, as long as they recognize the difference between reality and fiction and can separate them). i don't have any issue with anybody over what type of music they listen to, or clothes they wear, etc. i know that's not really an impressive moral, but it's unfortunately rare; a great many people, especially those my age, are judgmental about these things.
i love everyone, even people i hate. i wish my worst enemies good fortune and happiness. rick perry is a vile, piece of shit human being, deserving of zero respect, but i wish for him to change for the better and live the best life possible. i wish this for everyone.
i'm pretty much a pacifist. i've taken a broken nose without fighting back or seeking retribution, because the guy stopped punching after that. the only time i'll fight back is if 1) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2) if i don't attack, i'll come out worse than the other person will if i do. in other words, if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me, i don't fight back. i've therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious, because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that i'm never in a situation where i'll be worse off after a fight. if i'm not going to get any hospitalizing injuries, i really don't care.
the only exception is if someone is going after my life. even then, i'll do the minimum amount of harm to them that i possibly can in protecting myself. if someone points a gun at me and i can get out of it without harming them, i'd prefer to do that over killing them.
i consider myself a feminist. i don't believe in enforced or uniform gender roles; they may happen naturally, but they should never be coerced into happening unnaturally. as in, the societal pressure for gender roles should really go, even if it'll turn out that the majority of relationships continue operating the same way of their own accord. i treat women with the same outlook i treat men, and never participate in the old reddit "women are crazy" circlejerk, because there are multiple women out there and each have different personalities just like there are multiple men out there and each with different personalities. i don't think you do much of anything except scare off the awesome women out there by going on and on about the ones who aren't awesome.
that doesn't mean i look for places to victimize women, i just don't believe it's fair to make generalizations such as the one about women acting like everything's ok when it's really not (and that's a particularly harsh example, because all humans do that).
i'm kind of tired of citing these examples and i'm guessing you're getting tired of reading them, if you've even made it this far. in closing, the people who know me in real life all respect me, as do a great many people in the reddit brony community, where i spend most of my time and where i'm pretty known for being helpful around the community. a lot of people in my segment of the community are depressed or going through hard times, and i spend a lot of time giving advice and support to people there. yesterday someone quoted a case of me doing this in a post asking everyone what their favorite motivational/inspirational quote was, and that comment was second to the top, so i guess other people agreed (though, granted, it was a pretty low-traffic post, only about a dozen competing comments).
and, uh, i'm a pretty good moderator.
all that, and i think your behavior in this thread was totally assholish. so what do you think, now that you at least slightly know me?
------
a ups is uninterrupted power so that unsaved data can be saved. it does nothing to protect hardware or saved data.
any reply that is subjective is always suspect. read specification numbers. how many joules does that ups claim to 'absorb'? hundreds? potentially destructive surges can be hundreds of thousands of joules. so it is a surge protector. but what does it protect from?
electronics will routinely convert a hundreds joule surge into rock stable, low dc voltages to safely power its semiconductors. electronics do not have an internal protect*or*. electronics routinely have robust internal protect*ion*.
if the ups is doing something useful, then facts with numbers explain what and why. ups in this case is recommended only because others said so - called hearsay.
voltage can drop so low that incandescent bulbs dim to 40% intensity. even a voltage that low is perfectly good for computers. if voltage drops lower, then a computer simply powers off. no damage.
however if voltage is that low, then motorized appliances must be protected. so a ups for low voltage purchased to protect a refrigerator. why no ups for a refrigerator? utility cuts off power if voltage drops too low. so that what is at risk is protected. low voltage is irrelevant to computers. so again, fear to recommend a ups is hooey - does not exist.
a ups is often recommended only because advertising has promoted irrational fears. ups only has one purpose - temporary and 'dirty' power so that unsaved data can be saved (and to avert pesky reboots).
one needs constant maintenance (ie replace thermal compound) because hearsay recommends it. thermal paste never needs replacing (unless the cpu is removed). laptops tend to be more reliable than 'custom built' desktops. it even has a best ups inside. a diesktop is implemented when more performance is needed.
be concerned for less robust appliances. those may need protection. what protects a dishwasher, clocks, furnace, led & cfl bulbs, refrigerator, gfcis, washing machine, door bell, central air, clock radios, and smoke detectors? why are those not routinely failing?
your concern is a transient, maybe once every seven years, that can overwhelm best protection inside those and all other appliances. informed consumers spend about <cur>1 per protected appliance to properly earth one 'whole house' protector. since even a ups must be protected by that well proven solution.
unless you have unsaved data that cannot be lost, then a ups does nothing useful. ups typically requires replacement after three years.
greater need is the 'whole house' solution. how necessary? a neighborhood survey for 10 plus years is necessary to determine that risk.
recommendation should always say why with specification numbers. otherwise assume it is only wild speculation or a popular fable.
------
i definitely get what you mean with all of this. you could have described my own boyfriend in some ways, and my own anxieties. these things, like him not being 'strong' enough, or him not sticking up for you, this all happened to me basically.
examples:
my guy is non-confrontive as can be and we've had fights about this a few times. mostly because our neighbours are trash, serious trailer trash, with three little kids, and they are noisy all the time, from 6 am to about 7-8 pm. it's impossible for me to sleep later than 5:30/6 when they start making noise and i can't work at home most of the times... he knows this affects me (obviously!) and especially my mental health... but he does not want to speak to the neighbours. (i can't myself, because they speak 0 english and i don't speak their language... i moved country to be with my boyfriend). there haven't really been any other situations where he needed to stick up for me, and i do think he would if i were insulted in front of him (he did when it happened) but with the neighbours, he just wants to keep the peace and all.
the same with his body... he's very tall and very thin... and all the people i'm attracted to usually have... well, are not really chubby but have a bit of flesh on them, if you get what i mean, and i've started to find him really really unsexy because he's just so gangly.
in a way, then, we're in a very similar situation, and i can understand you very well! my depression is getting worse because of it, and i'm confused about everything, because i do love my boyfriend, i just don't know if love is enough to stay together. i don't want to leave (yet) either, because well, i do love him. how is it for you? do you think you might be happier with someone else or on your own? i think about this a lot personally. i don't want to be alone, but the points above, plus the fact that my boyfriend and i seem to have very little in common lately (he doesn't care about things i like, like reading, etc. and i don't care about his boring programming job at a boring company at all) makes it really really hard. it's so... difficult to admit it, but sometimes i feel like maybe we just don't mesh any more. we did, for a time, and it was so nice, and i want to hold on to it, but if i met my boyfriend right now, we'd never go further than being maybe-friends. like you already mentioned, it's a lot like simply being roommates, and we don't often have sex either because there we're incompatible too (i'd love to have a more dominant boyfriend, but at the same time, he wants to have a dominant girlfriend in bed, which i really am not and don't feel comfortable to be).
i'm sorry i made this post so much about me. i'm hoping you find this information valuable, and maybe can draw some conclusions for yourself about your own situation. you know, i don't know you, but i think you're just young, like me, and probably confused. this situation with your boyfriend is not healthy, and i might even call it abusive, but it has a lot of self-abuse in it. you might disagree with that, but maybe there's some kind of truth in it. there's only so many issues you can 'work on' as a couple, but if you don't feel at home with his family and he is openly rude to you (like at the marathon) this suggests a lack of respect from him and his family both. i am lucky because my boyfriend's mom is really nice to me, and his dad too, but what you're going through sounds horrible! these people don't seem to respect you at all, no wonder you're starting to blame yourself! if everyone around me, and especially my partner, were putting me down (the dad is doing this by showing you such disrespect!), i'd start to question myself (my appearance, my way of being/thinking) too! but you shouldn't. they are the jackasses, not you.
as far as the news goes... i understand it's difficult to cut it out, and maybe you don't have to, but you should definitely screen what exactly you read in detail. of course you want to be informed, and you're probably in the us, so you get a lot of trump(-sexist)-bullshit, but maybe you can read headlines only and only go in depth when it's really relevant. however, i still think the issues are not the news, but much closer to home, and once you've solved them, you'll be able to read the news and detach from them just fine.
ps: wear ponytails! they're so nice on red-haired gals.
------
again, comparing like to like is folly like this between sets. in any given draft of aether revolt, you are about 70 % like to open a fatal push ( 39 / 42 of non fatal push cards = 93 % chance not opening a push ; 2 packs per person or 8 people = 16 packs of aether revolt ;. 93 ^ 16 =. 31, or a 31 % chance of not opening fatal push in a draft, or 69 % of one being opened through a pod ). compared to an uncommon from a regular large set, which is about 61 % to open a given uncommon. this may seem like five pushes were opened, however also keep in mind how heavily a set is drafted. small set drafts are notoriously underdrafted compared two large sets. compare aether revolt to dominaria, for instance. assuming even 25 % high dragting of dominaria over aether revolt ( which i think is low ), that means that for every 100 aether revolt drafts there would be 125 dominaria drafts. this equates to for 70 fatal pushes opened up in those 100 drafts of aether revolt, there would be just about 75 wizard's lightning opened assuming a 25 % increase in drafting ( 61 * 1. 25 = 75. 25 ). this doesn't get into other product being opened adding to this. i figure this number is pretty low, honestly. to be absolutely frank, i would not ne surprised if there are about as many fatal pushes roaming around as there are of a given rare from a typical large set that is reasonably popular. compare to rares from dominaria. assuming 1 / 8 of oacks opened will have a mythic, that leaves 21 rares opened. lets assime i are wanting to ooen chainwhirler, dor instance. any given pack is about 1. 9 % to have a chainwhirler, or 98. 1 % to not contain it. assuming 21 packs have a rare in any smaller draft ( the rest being mythic ) leaves you with about a 65 % chance if not opening chainwhirler in a draft, or about 35 % probability of opening one (. 981 ^ 21 =. 655 ). assuming the numbers above of 1. 25 drafts of dom for every draft of aether revolt, that leaves us with 43. 75 chainwhirlers per 50 fatal pushes. while this number is certainly lower, it does show the power of drafting. i would personally not be surprised if dominaria were drafted twice as heavily as aether revolt, which would put just as many chainwhirlers in the wild as fatal pushes, even though one is uncommon and one is rare. even still, it doesnt take much more than my low - ball to move the numbers much closer. the entire point i am getting at is that a large part of why push is so expensive has to do with how under opened aether revolt was. grn being a large swt draftwd by itself with several sesirable cards at rare will certainly cap the cost of trophy.
------
that is a great start! the eye primer is not to cover your freckles, it's to make sure your liner and shadow don't smear everywhere and become patchy. because the inner folds of the lid rub so much even the waterproof pencils will do that quite quickly without primer. so you have to make sure to rub the primer absolutely everywhere the eyeliner will go. i hope you also bought a waterproof pencil. i use either urban decay 24/7 or l'oreal infallible and even those are bad without primer but work well with primer. i've also heard great things about the nyx slide on pencils but never tried them. i actually don't think the freckles on your lid are that prominent. try and see if they still bother you after you've applied makeup for a while. i let my freckles show through my foundation and it makes me more youthful looking (i use a dewy sheer base). there are shimmery eye primers but also basic ones that shouldn't show at all.
so one key point to making our eyes look bigger is having it darker on the outer corner and lighter on the inner. if you add eyeliner along the upper lash line you will see that the liner does not show but does define your eyes and makes your lashes look thicker. i thicken up the line toward the outer corner and bring it higher so just a little shows like normal liner and so the outer corner is quite defines, and the line gets thinner toward the middle of the eye. the darker shadow is a bit of an extension of that idea. if you pat it on with a small brush (all your brushes should be small since our eyes are small so yes our makeup should be scaled miniature to our eyes so we don't look clownish) with your eyes open you can bring it up just below your eye socket. if you press your lid with your finger you can feel your eyeball and where the socket ends. i never bring my daily work natural eyeshadow all the way up to the end of the socket/ eyeball. i brush a little matte dark eyeshadow there. then for the rest of the lid, i use a shimmery coppery colour or orangey or something like toasted. the important thing is to blend the darker colour with the lighter really well and you shouldn't see a stark line where the eyeshadow ends and the skin begins. so i apply the eyeshadow maybe to the lower half of the eyelid (ie not all the way up to the edge of the eye socket) so it still shows when my eyes are open in a thick kind of rim, then make sure to blend it out so that it does end up covering my whole lid but kind of diffuses out to my skin. always darker and higher on outer and lower and lighter on inner.
lots of people with our eyes do a cat flick but i find that a puppy dog liner style makes my eyes bigger, especially if i fill in that little outer corner with the pencil liner. no contest with my eyes.
to start with, i would use sheerer, less pigmented shadows that are closer to your skin tone until you are comfortable with eyeshadow application. go crazy with your eyeliner instead. one fun thing to do is apply your dark defining just to define your lash line then apply a fun eyeliner on top so it shows (always thicker to the outside thinner to the inner corner) like a glittery one or a bright one.
i would go to the drugstore and experiment with on sale/cheaper quads and duos in a different undertone, finish, colour family etc. or ask a friend to try out their collections. i have lent many of my palettes out to friends or just had them come over and we've tried different things on them. that way you can learn what flatters you. i have expensive brushes, too faced and lancome and urban decay and others, but i am just as happy with elf and joe fresh brushes.
------
>it's only a matter of time
for the united states as an entity at least. i don't see there even being a united states in 40 years.
edit: before you downvote me read what i have to say. most people around here are so far up their own ass they are blind to the decay happening right outside their door. around 2030 the country will become minority white, and when this happens the country will split up along racial lines:
widespread racial violence consumes the country. think 92' la riots that never stop, no-go zones like in europe. global economic collapse due to market uncertainty.
texas: secedes first and takes ok, la, ar and probably nm with them. feds not going to do anything because they have bigger problems. latino majority areas will try to join mexico, violence will be intense when this happens probably atrocities on both sides.
california: figures they can do it if texas can. socialist utopia proclaimed, quickly becomes somalia as cartels and gangs take over. the north of the state joins wa and or to make cascadia or some meme shit.
utah, wyoming, idaho, montana, (colorado?), (nevada?): leave and make deseret or something like that, most peaceful and stable area in the country, mostly democratic, fanatically christian. has lots of federal nukes so everybody leaves them alone.
mo, ks, ne, ia, (dakotas?): do their own thing sort of like deseret but more violent and unstable in population centers. they make all the food so everybody leaves them alone.
rust belt (mn, wi, il, mi, in, oh, wv, pa, upstate ny): unites to make their own thing, most likely fascist/authoritarian. many disenfranchised and angry white people with nothing to lose live here so i see racial violence at unspeakable levels. most industrial part of the country, as the demand would be there after global economy collapses.
new england: makes their own country, mostly peaceful and boring, leftist democratic politically
the south: all out blacks vs. whites race war. i don't see any form of discernible government here for quite some time. toss up: if whites win neonazi-confederacy, if blacks win nation of islam
everything else: become their own boring countries. alaska might get eaten by russia?
in the mean time china collapses into warlords again as their main customers are currently killing each other. eu will try to federalize, poland and hungary will say no and start a european war. russia is main superpower as their economy is self-sufficient, eats all the old ssrs for a snack.
if you can't tell i do strategic research in my spare time.
------
> another example is " i want to succeed, lying could help me towards that goal, the bible says lying is wrong, i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie, therefore i feel bad for lying. " now you see the point where " i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie ", implying you know lying is wrong, and the bible is right about that. the source the guilt isn't the bible, but in my own sense of morality. the bible says a lot of other things too, like women not being allowed to speak in public. obviously there are this and that context that we must consider, but the reason we don't feel guilty when we let women speak is because our morality permits that, regardless of what the bible says. > fair enough. for me, ( and the fellow i have been talking with from what i have gleaned ) the argument for disbelief would go like " i want to do what i want to be, the bible says i haven't, if i decide there is no god i am free ". with this goal one would discount any signs or logical arguments from the contrary. it's interesting as " homosexuality as a sin " becomes one of the triggering points ( among many others ) that caused me to leave my religion. i'im not homosexual, nor is anyone close to me ( that i know about ). why is something as loving and pure as heterosexual love wrong? that is something i cannot agree with, even though it doesn's affect me at all. and so even though i did quit the religion as it deems something wrong that i disagree over, i did so not because i wanted to commit that " sin ", but out of empathy and fairness for my fellow people. > i find the idea abhorrent, but my feelings don't dictate whether or not a thing is true or not. i believe that god is omniscient and just, and as such either that is false or the thing is not as it seems to my limited mind. fair enough, but that it can't be used as an excuse for everything, or else it becomes something akin to " i don't know but the church says so so it must be true ". if the bible says " kill all nonbelievers ", would you say that " i find it abhorrent, but my feelings don't dictate whether or not a thing is true or not "? > i was a drug addict that lived for pleasure. i would shirk my responsibilities to those i loved and encourage others to do likewise, lie when it suited me, use people for sex despite the emotional damage it would do to them, seek vengence to sooth my wounded pride ( physically, socially, monetarily etc ) i could go on but i think you get the gist. good for you to get rid of those habits! but is it merely because of the bible that you find them shameful? i believe a more underlying reason is that those acts harm other people, or yourself in the long run. think again, when you felt bad after hurting people, did you feel bad because bible says it is wrong? or was it because you hurt people? > me too, but keep in mind that empathy, if it is the sole guiding principle of ones life can lead to extreme cruelty. i can provide examples upon request, but i'll assume you know this. empathy is the exact opposite of cruelty though, isn't it? a person with high empathy presumably tries to alleviate the suffering of everyone and makes everyone happy. this means that he would try his best to prevent cruelty, don't you think? > that's all well and good as long as the benefit you will receive is outweighed by the guilt you would feel. that's why there's so many evil / immoral actions in the world. people know something is wrong / hurts others, yet the benefit, actual or imaginary, outweigh their potential guilt. the same applies in the theistic worldview too, people commit sin so long as the temptation ( benefits ) outweigh the christian value in their heart ( potential guilt ). it's all simple calculation. > i never said it was the only reason, but to deny that isn't a reason, ( and a powerful one ) is false. true, but just because something causes us to think something is right / wrong doesn't mean it is the reason why we think so. for example, your parents ( probably ) told you killing is wrong, yet you wouldn't say killing is wrong " because my parents said so ", would you?
------
i'm not the original commenter, but know two families with trans kids. one boy started telling them as soon as he could talk that he was a boy , not a girl. the other transitioned mtf in 5th grade after wearing down her parents over the course of a year. they finally got in touch with i think project yes (?) and the professionals there helped the parents to accept it.
parental acceptance varies a lot by family, so no one can take predict how your dad will take it. religion conservatives do worse on average, but are sometimes surprisingly wonderful.
if your dad is a "man's man" type and you're the only son, or the one with the most athletic talent, that could be a factor.
where you live may be a factor. ideally we would all do what we know in our hearts is right, but humans are tribal beings and most people are afraid of not fitting in, because once upon a time it meant you'd be on your own and eaten by lions. so very parents who are very aware of social standing and live in the south may be harder sell than say a family in boulder or san fransisco. it doesn't mean you shouldn't tell them, it just means to be prepared for it to be a longer conversation and take more time to reach acceptance.
hopefully your parents are open minded people who realize that they love you, and nothing will change that.
typically, hormones and hormone blockers are a non issue for pre adolescents. i could see it being a decent time to transition simply because there aren't a lot of outward physical differences between sexes at that age. so cut your hair a little differently, put on some different clothes, choose a new name if you want, and you can try out that version of you to see if it feels more right, with no long term commitment if you're not really sure. or just grab some eye liner and lip gloss.
starting to talk to a therapist at that age, and having your parents talk to one, can be helpful so that you're all ready to make a decision about hormone blockers when adolescence arrives. it's not a simple issue, since i understand that some people who believe they are transgender at younger ages change their minds during puberty. maybe the rush of natural hormones flips a switch in the brain, so they begin to feel at home in their own skin? to be clear, that's not the case for all, and probably not for most. but it's a factor to consider. there are other health factors as well, so it's good to have plenty of time to do research and not feel rushed.
good luck, whatever you decide!
------
you may have adhd or some form of attention defecit. i have it (psychiatrist diagnosed ya'll) and when i consume caffeine, i focus marginally better because it will calm me down mentally. if i take a higher than normal dose of my adderall (an amphetamine), i can literally lay in my bed and go to sleep because i will get really sleepy.
basically, adhd is kind of a blanket term for not having the right chemical balance in your brain to be present in the moment, or in whatever situation you're in.
there's alot of reasons for why this balance is, and many debates as to the causes of adhd (nature and nurture both contribute) however one of the most common traits is a general lack of dopamine. or, irregular releases of dopamine.
there are theories that adhd is an evolutionary trait that served to help hunters, warriors, etc. the brain didn't have need to perform overly complex tasks and monotonous low-risk, long-term rewards tasks. their brain was challenged in extreme bursts of intense focus, or not at all. this allowed them to fight even better under stress, become hyper aware of their surroundings, and have a hard time settling down.
as society has developed, this trait has become less desirable yet many of us have ancestry rich in this lineage.
as a result, people with adhd have a hard time adapating to a society that values our ability to output and do it with consistency, over and over and over again.
adhd tends to lead to depression and anxiety in today's society because there is not enough high-reward high-risk situations for people to get the benefits of their trait. imagine trying to work an office job in a cubicle when all you can do is daydream about all the cool shit you could be doing instead, and every time you so much as look down at your computer you simply veer off track once again within minutes. all day, always, for every task. every goal, every desire, every thought, constantly trying to get away from you like an unbroken horse.
thus, amphetamines, caffeine, video games, shitty food, sex, gambling, etc. give our brains the "reward."
by calming the brains yearning for a dopamine release, the mind is brought back down and can focus on whatever is going on instead of whatever it would rather be doing. this is why coffee makes you sleepy. you can calm down because your brain got it's reward.
it's kind of like living in a constant state of withdrawal from a drug that you naturally just don't have but should be able to make without need for intense activities or stressful events. and so you're constantly just looking for a reason to distract yourself or find something to make you feel better about whatever your situation is, instead of taking the steps needed in an orderly fashion to resolve the situation.
------
by the way, what kind of christian are you?
>no particular quote of you
why do you make out such minor and necessary acts as rebellions?
>nobody recommended withholding explanations or keeping kids in the dark in any way.
you did. you said trust without reason is ok.
>even if you answer the most inquisitive kid's questions, the point will arrive where s/he won't be satisfied by them, and the kid has to either trust or rebel.
so, in your example, by explaining the parents reasoning, they gained trust, and if their reasoning was bad, they didn't.
>if the kid can look at mom or dad and see someone they know really cares for them
the only way they can know their parents care for them is through evidence from their parents actions. you can't expect blind belief to come from nowhere.
>motivation to just give up the interrogation
talking with your kids isn't an interrogation. it's building a relationship. you can also teach them your reasoning without them asking.
>it's highly likely that both understand it to be simple, unconditional affection.
all affection is conditional. a normal person doesn't feel affection without some sort of reason.
>if the kid doesn't give up the interrogation, you then have a situation where the kid is threatening the natural order of a home,
that's overreacting. just give them a better explanation and go on with your life. the natural order of a home is that the parent teaches the child. unless the child has a mental illness, their behavior is learned from their parents.
>an institution built on a hierarchy of authority - just like heaven.
a place that has no evidence for existing, and a convenient reason for authority without reasoning. do parents have authority because they take care of their child? apparently not, it's just because home is built like heaven!
>if a person can't learn to trust here
you can learn to trust anywhere. hopefully you have someone to trust even if they aren't biological family.
>i am still suggesting that things may have been out of order. i am doubting if you ever learned to trust without your parents bending to \*your\* authority
we built trust without brainwashing each other. bending to an authority wasn't a factor. the scenario you are suggesting seems abnormal, like you are saying it's better to be r/raisedbynarcissists.
>am i so off to suggest that maybe you demanded explanations for everything, and they complied?
you are off. but if i did need to demand explanations, it wouldn't be sensible to deny them. how else do we learn without asking each other, unless we are already told without needing to ask?
>either way, that is not how a hierarchy is supposed to work.
it sort of is. otherwise, you have a group of people not interacting with each other or doing anything together, rather than a hierarchy.
>the kids are not supposed to think they have the power to dig their heels into the ground and halt everything if they don't get answers acceptable to them. kids become that way if empowered by the parents. that's not kindness.
kids can dig their heels into the ground, but it's up to you to prevent that instead of encouraging it. you're also encouraging them to never become adults through your method. if you never teach while they are still a kid, how would they even be able to do what you want? unless you're raising them only to eat them.
>we face authority everywhere. on the street, in supermarkets, etc. of course, those power figures motivate people to comply for reasons other than trust. either way, a person challenging authority is a threat to the order whether it be good or bad, justified or not.
is a threat to a bad order bad? can you say an evil order is really orderly?
>imo, the whole world is like an island on the show, survivor. it's a temporary environment designed to limit our resources. i think we're here to learn about things like authority from each other and our parents - and the understanding that most of the time you won't get all the answers you want even if you've used your entire apparatus of science.
this doesn't reflect the reality of where i live.
>i am typing all this not to convert you
it didn't look like you were. for what it's worth, i'm not trying to convert you either.
>why christians don't see this as weakness.
it interferes with gaining the skills for getting a job. for participating in society. it will lead to weakness according to the society we live in.
>i can still respect you without trying to point out what i consider to be absurd flaws in your thinking.
but do you respect me enough to say that you think i have flaws in my thinking and what they are, without assuming i'll take it as a personal insult?
>they seriously should just end it with "saying".
but then what? how can either of you be sure that they actually do get what you're saying? you know they still think what you're saying is ridiculous, but now you don't know why. at least it isn't "i don't get what you're saying, but i agree."
------
no, i did not say that and i shall thank you to not put words in my mouth. for someone who seems concerned about logical fallacies, you really ought to avoid straw men. what i said that your *particular* example is ironic because you're defending a usage that was, itself, a mistranslation and an example of how phrases changes and evolve. as for semantics, precisely which "semantics" am i tripping over? please be specific. for someone who demands linguistic precision, that's a rather vague statement.
i would also note that your notion that alterations is usage cause words and phrases to "degenerate" is rather funny because it implies that every single language on the planet is composed of nothing but degenerate words and phrases, which is a rather bold position. by your standards, the only non-degenerated language is the lost ur-language that our remote ancestors grunted to one another in caves. i have a higher opinion of language than that and i would consider english to be a wonderful example of how the evolution of language produces amazing things. where you see an apocalypse, i see something that is beautiful and organic.
striving to freeze language in place doesn't make one noble. to the contrary, it makes one quixotic in the worst sense of the word. not only are you striving against the very tides of history, but your efforts actively strive to resist the very sort of evolution that gave us the works of shakespeare. surely you know how many words and phrases he introduced into the language. i have no doubt that there were some linguistic pedants back in his day aghast at the notion that this ignorant playwright was abusing and degrading the language in such a flagrant and disgraceful manner, but we're better off for the fact that he didn't pay them any heed. the fact that language evolves is a reflection of the flexibility and creativity of human beings and not some manifestation of knuckle-dragging stupidity.
your attempt to say that this one tiny slice of linguistic history that we inhabit is where all linguistic change should grind to a sudden halt is a curious one that implies that only now have we arrived at the exalted moment when language has become perfected. like i said before, it's a silly position that you can insist on adhering to but, for which, you are neither supported by history nor logic. you're welcome to hold whatever view you like on the matter but when you try to shame others into following a position that you're basically making up to justify your discomfort at change, i'm going to speak up so that everyone knows that you are only a self-appointed defender of the language and that there's no reason that they ought to adhere to your attempts to correct them since you don't really have anything other than your own indignation to justify the supposed correctness of your position and that you are definitely not speaking from a position of authority on the subject.
------
hi there! i actually might be able to help answer this question for you. i'm an electrical engineer who has a couple years experience commissioning power plants and has recently been working in transmission. apologies in advance for the wall of text. nuclear is costly and expensive to build. there is a ton more risk involved in a nuclear project. if you want proof of this, look up the virgil c summer plant in south carolina. they undertook a 9 billion dollar project several years ago to add two nuclear units to their plant. westinghouse took the project on and it actually managed to bankrupt their nuclear division ( westinghouse is one of those oldest names in the power industry ). toshiba then tried to salvage it and has sustained massive losses as a consequence. currently the project is on hold because it is almost < cur > 5billion overbudget and no one else wants to try and turn it around. now, for another cost analysis, one of these units being built supplies roughly 1000 mw to the grid ( slightly less but make numbers easier ). that means if the project right now were to be complete without any additional spending ( impossible ) it would be approximately < cur > 14b spent to produce 2000mw. thats ignoring the costs of running. a natural gas plant? the last one i was on had about a < cur > 600m budget and produced just under 500mw. construction from start to finish took less than 3 years. that means in terms of cost per megawatt, this plant was the < cur > 1. 2mill per mw compared to the < cur > 7m per megawatt of a finish unit. c summer plant. even if the plant never went over budget, its still essentially triple the cost and a much longer turnaround time. now, all of this is before researchers even get to running the plant. nuclear plants are a nightmare for two reasons. the first is the huge impact they have on the grid when a unit " trips " offline. nerc is a federal organization that was put in place after the 2003 blackout to prevent an incident like that from reoccuring. they place strict regulations on any facility that connects to our transmission grid. performing work in a nuclear facility is a nightmare because of this. second major reason is the potential for a major accident. everyone has heard of chernobyl, a plant in russia that went critical in the 1980s and left a whole city unin ##habitable to this day. the estimate fatality count of this disaster was roughly 4000 lives. but chernobyl has not been the only incident. fukushima and three mile island are two other major disasters that you can read into if you are interested. technology has gotten better in recent times and these plants have gotten a lot safer, but these are just factors to consider. i personally think we are headed in the right direction with nuclear, but we don't want to over extend ourselves trying to go 100 % nuclear in a country this big too quickly.
------
i won't claim all vegans are perfect ( or even myself ) in how they / we / i protest the cause and that all movements have their flaws, ours does as well but i hope the good side shines through more than the bad in the short run maybe you will see it as a flaw but there is only one grey area to eating meat and that is in a genuine survival situation for my opinion. if the choice is to catch a fish or a rabbit then no one is going to expect you to die, you do what you can to survive. thing is we in the western first world don't have that scenario to absolve us. we have an abundance of very healthy fruit and vegetable option to buy all of which can sustain us ethically and healthily. aside from that there is no grey area because the choice to save and eat an animal has been done purely for the taste and not because of necessity. how many people are in a genuine survival situation and literally have no choice is meat good for your diet, sure it has various nutrients and minerals such as amino acids, but what it also has are fats and cholesterol. there come other foods that can do the same job in a proper diet. quinoa and buckwheat like meat are considered protein complete as they contain all 9 essential acids that the body does not naturally produce, but they also contain none of the cholesterol and other bad side effects to get those nutrients. they are also more environmentally better to produce, requiring less land and water the question to us will always be why was that one cow ( or any animals life ) worth less than those other 15? all life is equal and should be treated as such. if you ask people. do you believe in a better environment? do you believe in animal rights? do you believe in human rights? do you believe in making the world healthier? the majority of people will say yes to all those questions, so we are offering a solution and alternatives. i see that change is hard, adapting is difficult it shows why we are often a species of habit and routine and why change through history has always had to be fought for any war or activism and is never given willingly or easily. a vegan lifestyle is better for all those four things i mentioned and when you take the " vegan " word out of the debate people have from my experience been very agreeable with it. we need to make the argument emotional but back those emotions up with science because we are overall when given the chance a smart and empathic species and for as long as a single animal is being hurt it is our obligation to be the voice for them for as long as someone else is taking that voice away
------
and then you won't buy another one in two years, from a company that already has razor thin margins if they're making money on their consumer electronics division at all. if the phone lasts twice as long, they'd have to charge twice as much, and i can't imagine anyone but you buying a <cur>1600-<cur>2000 phone with slightly inferior specs to the regular model that costs under <cur>1k so they can keep it for 4-5 years instead of 2-3. companies that aren't samsung or apple already barely break even or lose money on r&d, marketing, and payroll, so the only two companies that can afford to create repairable devices with longer lifecycles without drastically raising the price are also the only two whose devices people will buy for the brandname regardless of how good or bad they are.
overall, i'm fully in support of right to repair, we should own our possessions rather than just rent the right to use them for a few years, but i just think the smartphone market is a bad example for right to repair. even if you could keep them going for 5+ years, you wouldn't really want to. to fix that problem, you'd have to force web and app developers to optimize better, be more careful about which parts of which libraries they include, and keep supporting multiple versions of the same app with different levels of graphical effects and different feature sets. bad web developers are going to keep loading the entirety of 3 different versions of react, angular, jquery, and video.js just to get a cross-compatible scrolling animation that would require maybe 25 lines of code to implement the right way as long as the newest devices can handle it. they'll just keep getting lazier the more powerful our phones get, and i don't believe that smartphone and mobile os companies can or should have enough power over our economy and our lives to be able to do something about that. appliances, tvs, lawnmowers, power tools, and cars, sure, there's no reason for those to ever go obsolete unless the manufacturer makes it happen, but the obsolescence of smartphones is natural. back when moto, lg, and samsung phones had their screens or nand deteriorate enough to make the phone very unpleasant to use after about a year or two, sure, but now a decent one can last for 3-4 years, which is about how long 95% of people would want to use a phone anyway.
it would be more wasteful and worse for the environment to waste materials on making phones with thicker bodies, more screws, and more segregated components, because all but a tiny minority of them would end up in the landfill at the same point in their lifecycle anyway. besides, while smartphones are difficult to repair, it's still economical to: decently specced phones (that aren't loaded with chinese government spyware at the chipset firmware level to subsidize the low price) start at ~<cur>250 and go up to ~<cur>800, there are luxury phones above that price point but they don't offer anything more except the badge and some minor exterior design changes. if you take it into a local shop, a battery replacement is <cur>30-<cur>80, a screen replacement is <cur>150-<cur>300, and a charging port repair is <cur>20-50. if the phone breaks early enough in its lifecycle that it wasn't going to be thrown away soon anyway, then having a phone repaired is still a no-brainer over buying a new one. i've gotten a bulging battery fixed on nearly every phone, tablet or laptop i've ever owned, and never once has it been more than 1/4 the cost of a new one. most people don't only because they don't know they can. the only devices that are truly impossible to repair are the microsoft surface series, which nobody buys anyway because they're not only hard to repair, but poorly built, badly supported, underspecced, and ludicrously overpriced besides. oems charge way more for the parts than they should, and those supplier cartels need to be broken up, but repairing still makes sense unless you're too poor to afford a new device either, in which case the throwaway culture point is sort of moot.
------
#
# aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
# aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
#
------
the thing is, you said nothing was done, not insufficient things were done. i will argue now that title i and ii of the dodd-frank is sufficient
also timothy geithner did point out that the bill needs to be set in a way so that ''ensure that a firm is allowed to fail in an orderly way and not be "rescued"''.
the law works to prevent banking bailouts or deposit guarantees from burdening the taxpayer or encouraging "moral hazard" which is when awareness of the safety net encourages excessive risk-taking. for instance, there is moral hazard when large financial institutions take excessive risks under the assumption that the government will deem them "too big to fail" and will come to their rescue in order to prevent a more widespread financial sector collapse. the banking provisions under the financial reform include higher capital requirements to make sure the bank is unlikely to get over-extended. the federal reserve in 2014 announced an extra "capital surcharge" on the 8 biggest banks. and provisions also require regular stress tests, for financial institutions with above <cur>50 billion in assets to try to make sure that the cushion is thick enough to protect the solvency of the bank even in the event of major unforeseen adverse shocks. if a bank has trouble under the stress tests, it may be required to hold off from share buybacks or dividend payouts and, if necessary, to raise additional capital financing.
dodd-frank also established the consumer financial protection bureau to give households the same sort of protection against misleading or abusive provision of financial services as they have for consumer goods. the cfpb was originally proposed by now senator elizabeth warren in response to the 2007-09 subprime mortgage crisis. (but some had warned of the lack of regulatory protection for homeowners against unscrupulous lending practices even before the crisis, for instance fed governor edward gramlich in 2007.) proponents of dodd-frank consider the activities of the cfpb so far to have been among the most successful aspects.
the reform improved regulation and transparency of derivatives, particularly by having standardized derivatives traded on centralized exchanges. these are just four major examples of ways in which dodd-frank works to reduce future crises.
reducing the systemwide loss given default of systemic financial firms
it is neither possible nor desirable to regulate large financial institutions so that they literally cannot fail. but regulation can limit the systemwide impact of such a failure. let's review what has been done since the crisis to reduce the damage to the system from the failure of one of the very largest firms.
under dodd-frank, nearly all financial institution failures, including those of large, complex institutions, will continue to be addressed as they were before passage of the new law. the holding company will be resolved in bankruptcy. operating subsidiary failures will continue to be treated either under bankruptcy or, where applicable, under specialized resolution schemes, including the federal deposit insurance act for banks and the securities investor protection act for securities firms.
dodd-frank eliminated the authority used by the federal reserve and other regulators to bail out individual institutions during the crisis, including bear stearns, citicorp, bank of america and aig. but congress also recognized that there may be rare instances in which the failure of a large financial firm could threaten the financial stability of the united states. to empower regulators to handle such a failure without destabilizing the financial system or exposing taxpayers to loss, dodd-frank created two important new regulatory tools.
first, the act requires large bank holding companies and nonbank financial firms designated by the financial stability oversight council to submit a resolution plan or "living will" for their rapid and orderly resolution under the bankruptcy code. second, the act created a new orderly liquidation authority (ola) as a backup to resolution in an ordinary bankruptcy.
single point of entry approach. this approach is a classic simplifier, making theoretically possible something that seemed impossibly complex.
under single point of entry, the fdic will be appointed receiver of only the top-tier parent holding company of the failed financial group. promptly after the parent holding company is placed into receivership, the fdic will transfer the assets of the parent company (primarily its investments in subsidiaries) to a bridge holding company. equity claims of the failed parent company's shareholders will be wiped out, and claims of its unsecured debt holders will be written down as necessary to reflect any losses in the receivership that the shareholders cannot cover. to capitalize the bridge holding company and the operating subsidiaries, and to permit transfer of ownership and control of the bridge company back to private hands, the fdic will exchange the remaining claims of unsecured creditors of the parent for equity and/or debt claims of the bridge company. if necessary, the fdic would provide temporary liquidity to the bridge company until the "bail-in" of the failed parent company's creditors can be accomplished.
it is crucial to recognize how this approach addresses the problem of runs. single point of entry is designed to focus losses on the shareholders and long-term debt holders of the failed parent and to produce a well-capitalized bridge holding company in place of the failed parent. the critical operating subsidiaries would be well capitalized, and would remain open for business. there would be much reduced incentives for creditors or customers of the operating subsidiaries to pull away, or for regulators to ring-fence or take other extraordinary measures. if the process can be fully worked out and understood by market participants, regulators, and the general public, it should work to resolve even the biggest institution without starting or accelerating a run, and without exposing taxpayers to loss.
single point of entry has important features in common with chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization. the principal differences in favor of ola are the greater speed at which a firm can be placed into a resolution process and stabilized, the ability to avoid disruptive creditor actions, and the availability of temporary backup liquidity support to continue critical operations.
two provisions of existing law already impose size caps on u.s. banking firms. one limits acquisitions of banks by any bank holding company that controls more than 10 percent of the total insured deposits in the united states, and a second, added by dodd-frank, forbids acquisitions by any financial firm that controls more than 10 percent of the total liabilities of financial firms in the united states. in addition, dodd-frank added a new requirement that banking regulators consider "risk to the stability of the u.s. banking or financial system" in evaluating any proposed merger or acquisition by a bank or bank holding company. critics argue that these restrictions are inadequate and nothing short of destroying big banks is sufficient. i think that's bullshit.
some critics want to get right to the business of breaking up the big banks into smaller, more manageable, more easily resolvable pieces.12 at the heart of this proposal is the thought that no financial institution should be so large or complex that it cannot be allowed to fail, like any other private business, with losses to its equity holders and creditors, and consequences for senior management. if the largest institutions were too big to fail during the financial crisis, why not make them smaller?
today, the market still appears to provide a subsidy, of changing and uncertain amount, to very large banks to account for the possibility of a government bailout in the event of failure.13 this subsidy, in the form of lower funding costs, may encourage "too-bigness." there would be substantial externalities to a large bank failure as well.
the market needs to believe--and it needs to be the case--that every private financial institution can fail and be resolved under our laws without imposing undue costs on society. the current reform agenda is designed to accomplish just that, through two channels. first, it is intended to substantially reduce the likelihood of failure through a broad range of stronger regulation, including higher capital and liquidity standards, stress tests and recovery planning among other reforms. second, it is intended to minimize the externalities from failure by making it possible to resolve a large financial institution without taxpayer exposure and without uncontainable disruption. if these reforms achieve their purpose, in my view they would be preferable to a government-imposed break-up, which would likely involve arbitrary judgments, efficiency losses, and a difficult transition.
it is easy to agree that dodd-frank can be improved upon and even easier to acknowledge that no financial regulation will ever eliminate completely the boom-bust cycle that seems to be an intrinsic element of human social psychology.
this is the opinion shared by [jeffrey frankel, harvard](<url>) and [jerome powell, 16th chairman of the federal reserve.](<url>)
------
so i've lived in singapore most of my life but my family never became permanent residents. after graduating high school i went abroad for college, and i'd visit my family on short-term passes most summer/winter breaks.
so i spent a few weeks back in singapore this summer before going to hong kong to visit a friend for a week. after that i came back here since school doesn't start until later this month. when i got to immigration the lady was immediately unfriendly, but i've encountered my fair share of unfriendly airport agents and everything usually turned out fine.
she asked me the same sorta questions i usually got, but any time i misunderstood a question or she couldn't hear me or something she'd raise her voice or give me a rude response. i hadn't even done anything but she seemed generally pissed for whatever reason. since it was like 2am and i was tired, i tried to be polite so i could move on and get home as soon as possible.
i took out my phone to check the time, and when i turned it off it made a click sound (just like all iphones do), and when the lady heard it her demeanor suddenly flipped. she accused me of taking a photo (even though i didn't) and demanded i delete it. i showed her the photo app on my phone so she could see there wasn't a photo of her, then she just grabbed my phone and went through it herself. when she gave it back i even showed her how the click was just from the phone turning off, but she completely ignored me.
from there her behavior just got so much worse, and her questions more accusatory. she noticed i was just in singapore last week and asked what i was doing back so soon. i told her it was because my family lives here. i even had a return ticket for when i go back to school. she told me i needed to go to the office to get a secondary inspection (aka i was being detained). she didn't move and i didn't know where to go so i asked if i should follow her, and she yelled back "how else are you supposed to get there if you don't follow me?"
then when we were passing by all the other travelers waiting in line at immigration, she yelled out "if you go traveling, don't throw tantrums" for everyone to hear. i don't get why she had to humiliate me like that. by "tantrums" i assume she was referring to the imaginary photo i took of her so that i could later shame her on social media or whatever.
anyway, she took me to another counter. i was getting pretty nervous so i started tapping my fingers against the counter, and the male agent gave me a hard look and in a harsh tone he told me to stop. at this point i was worried all the agents would treat me like some sort of suspicious criminal, but thankfully the actual agents that did my secondary inspection were much more polite. they asked me some questions, then asked for my mom's ep details and phone number so that they can contact her to confirm the answers i gave them (our address, my status as a student, even the fact that she was my mom, etc). they took me to a waiting room while they called my mom, and eventually they came back in and told me i was free to go with a 30-day pass. i asked them if i was in any trouble. they told me i wasn't and that this was just normal immigration protocol, even though nothing about it felt remotely normal.
after the whole experience i just felt really dehumanized. i used to think of singapore as my home but now it feels like i'm not even allowed here. i'm filipino, which i know is kind of a red flag but i figured since i used to live here and even have family living here that i wouldn't have any issues.
i still plan on visiting my family in the future (likely twice a year), but i'm worried about this whole situation affecting my travel plans. will i be flagged as a suspicious person whenever i come back? i'm wondering if the immigration agent could've even flagged me as "difficult" or "insubordinate" or something. i'm just scared about having a bad mark on my record and going through this whole thing all over again.
------
> i have been trying to figure out what the appeal of trump is to his supporters. one reason you struggle is that you would likely disagree with any republican presidential policies, he makes an easy target. but don't be a stupid as some progressives and think one is in play with most of the support he gets. * * trump supporters and supporters of many of trump's policies are two very different things. the % of the gop that like trump the person is very small. the percent that like his policies, huge * *. if trump gets two or three sc appoints through that are remarkably different than h. clinton would have appointed, then i can hold my nose, puke occasionally and say it was good. if he can reduce the mass inflow of illegal immigrants that allows shortages in labor to drive up lower level incomes, then i can say, he is a buffoon, but with a democrat, the illegal immigration and income gap would continue to grow. if he is finally the president that forces china to open up their markets to the same degree ours are opened to them, i say it took a crazy person to made that happen. ( i notice when we put a 15 - 25 % tariff on some products, china responds with 40 % tariffs, because they were already at 25 % to begin, to get a 15 % increase they have to move to 40 % ). that has to stop. forced technology transfer has to stop. hillary, nor jeb bush would have pushed this hard for fair trade. i and the gop love free trade, it does not exist equally today. the tax reform bill was very important, not perfect, it just need to be adjusted to get revenues higher, but i am happy with the bill. trump did nothing but sign it, but hillary would not have signed it, i want the us military to stop destroying the world's police. if clinton or a republican was elected would isis still own territory? probably we would still be as deep in that as it were when obama left. i want to stop being big guys that stand between russia and europe, we can be in nato from bases in america. i want south korea to figure out how to defend ( conventionally ) their self against their much smaller and poorer neighbor without american troops. ( we can remain their nuclear umbrella ) that idea seems foreign to our traditional politicians. trump as a buffoon. no idiot. morally bankrupt as a family guy. a liar. thank god there are traditional republicans on his staff to temper his stupidity. i can't wait until he is no longer the president, but only because of his character and his divisive statements. i am a 30 year republican but didn't vote for him or hillary in 2016, but i am not disappointed in his policy direction.
------
it's not just the facebook app that could be responsible. do you own another amazon echo, echo dot, use the alena app, have google's version of it? how about the google now ( google assistant or whatever it's called now ) feature that triggers a voice search on your phone when you say " okay google "? not so long ago samsung tv's were a concern as well. how about google allo? that scrapes your text / chat history. gmail does a same thing. did you ever wonder why you're getting really accurate friend suggestions from facebook, when he never updated your job / company in your profile? they're using gps and figuring out based on others, who you're around often in order to make those suggestions. facebook chat app likes to scrape your sms for information as well. it'is not tinfoil hatting, it's called targeted advertising. almost everything you do on google, with one of google's apps, and on the internet for the most part is anonymous. not " big brother " ads ( although that's a separate conversation ), but used to gather information about what you like, things you're interested in or need, etc. it's why companies can offer things like social media, search engines, communication systems, and other products for free. your information is collected, and profiles are built on this. this information goes then sold, this is how you're getting to use these things at no cost, * you * are the product. i'm not sure since i'm not in advertising, but i don't know what sort of information is sold. it may not contain personal information, i don't really know for certain, but the fact that i get ads targeting medical products sure * feels * personal. the fact is i don't get to control exactly what gets collected. i don't get to choose who this gets sold to, and frankly i'd probably sell some of that info anyway, as long as you went into my data, even if that meant i had to pay to use some of these services as a result of them not being able to do it. i know not everyone is uncomfortable about sharing information as i am, and it's worth pointing out that it's not because this info is being gathered with the intention of black mailing people or hurting them in any way. i just really value my privacy. i've got nothing to hide, but that doesn't mean i turn to the guy on the bus and start sharing personal information either. there's still things you can do to increase your level of privacy. i'd suggest starting by reviewing what apps have access to each permission on your phone. you should be doing this for each new app that is installed, or if the permissions change on an update. after that i'd suggest using ublock / privacy badget / https everywhere at a minimum. check out r / privacy and r / privacytoolsio if you're interested in learning more. i also have some websites i usually share with people, but i'm on mobile. if you're interested just drop me a pm and i'll forward them over when i get a chance. edit : i spelled privacy badger wrong. ( i'm not correcting it because honey badger don't care )
------
point c is one of the main reasons i dropped out halfway through my teaching degree. there were hundreds of students under taking this course each year. we'd have lectures in some of the largest theaters in the university.
while most of the people i studied with had the best of intentions, too many were just there because they wanted a steady job. a lot of them were like me, who had arts degrees already but, of course, it's virtually impossible to get work in your field with just that.
the worst example is the girl i did my prac with: 21 and from the riff. i joked that she will never leave school because she went straight from school, to uni and then she's going back to school. i think she just wanted a stable job asap so she could settle down with her plumber boyfriend, have a house in the burbs and all that.
she whined that no one told her about the weekly faculty meetings, without considering that if she had showed up 40 mins before the first bell each morning as instructed this wouldn't have been an issue.
also against instruction from the university, she showed up dressed in jeans and hoodies. she failed to notice that no one else on staff dressed so sloppily. our teacher-supervisor wore dresses from marcs and i wore heels and a blazer by comparison. personally i felt the students were entitled to more respect. i ended up complaining about it to our head professor because it was something i found particularly offensive, not just for the students but for me too. i mean, how the fuck could someone as conscientious as me be in the same course as this slob?
but that was the issue: she didn't have much respect for the students. she'd scoff that her lesson planning for her year 7 class was easy because the students were dumb anyway. she was surprised when another prac student and i pointed out that they were 12 and 13-year-old kids.
and in the classroom she would address the class like an evil hausfrau. but then again, it's difficult to maintain students' attention when all they're doing is copying from the white board into their books word for word.
yes it is true, the bar for entry into teaching degrees is too low. this is a massive factor in the decline in education standards.
to make matters worse, teachers like her are the ones who often manage to stick it out. because she didn't really care about the students nearly as much as she did about having a stable salary with decent super. meanwhile, teachers who actually do care about their students, burn out within the first few years after graduating and leave the profession entirely.
finland and south korea consistently rank the highest in education standards in the oecd. in these countries getting in to education is as difficult as getting in to law and other highly sought-after courses.
consequently, they tend to get more driven and passionate teachers. as well, the teaching profession is far more respected in finnish and south korean society.
if universities would raise the minimum atar for teaching by 5 or even 10 points they would make a huge difference. but, as has already been mentioned, universities are more interested in earning money from hecs students than the betterment of society.
i dropped out because i realized that teaching is not for me. i'm not passionate enough about children. if only other teaching students were as logical but that just goes to show their priorities, read: stable paycheck versus making a difference.
------
my girlfriend and i have been dating about a year. im 6ft 180 pounds and when we started dating she was around my weight standing 5 ' 7. i knew her for awhile and at the time she was actually losing weight (not the reason i dated her) and i was actually gaining a bit myself. at the time i thought it was somewhat cute to go on a food binge on a weekend once and awhile but over time shes ramped it up more and more. she told me she has a eating disorder but i was a little skeptical. she just chugs dr peppers more than my alcoholic family member would chug beer and eats oreos and it burns my ass far more than it should. at one point in the relationship i suggested we try losing weight together which she agreed. i had gained about 20 pounds myself and got back to 190 while she was still gaining and making excuses about her medication messing with her weight lose. i was a smoker and even quit for her just to try and get a little more motivation to lose weight or at the very least not gain any. last summer she hit 240, and shes been lieing to me about loseing when i can clearly see the opposite effect. i had an arguement one day about how i was able to go one day without a cigarette and she couldnt even go one with a fucking sugary dr pepper. im embarrassed to eat in public with her not because shes fat, but because she just knocks back soda after fucking soda and all she talks about during dinner is eating dinner at other restraunts and it pisses me off to the point i dont bother talking about other stuff with her. i got so bored listening to her speak i just counted the times the waiter had to refill her glass. she went away to college, then when hurricane florence came, she snd her family went to ohio for a couple weeks. (we live in nc). she stops in town for a night to visit me and she actually gained even more weight, and spent the whole time she was here telling me about how they had to eat fast food everyday while she was there, and three meals a day at that as well. she finally went back to college and ive shamefully taken up smoking again behind her back. i'm aware im slightly shallow and thats a fault, but i also know relationships are give and take. i really do care for her when she talks about literally anything but food, but i cant get her to workout because she claims she has some physical issues, and i cant even get her to diet because she claims it fucks with her vitamin levels or something i dont know, im not a fucking nutritionist. i'm unhappy, everytime i look at a can of soda i just burn with rage, and i chainsmoke more than i did before. any chance i could fix this without being horrible to her?
------
no, that is not how most of this happens. proper control of attention requires that the dopamine pathways to the frontal cortex are working. likewise so for controlling impulsivity. the frontal lobe is the executive center of the brain. it's much more developed in humans than other animals, and it allows us to better organize our behavior and think critically. the frontal lobe can override our lizard brains, allowing us not to do whatever stupid whim or urge we have. it enables us to put off immediate reward in favor of organized, goal - oriented behavior to achieve delayed reward ( ie " i will study for my exam instead of playing video games all day long so that i can have a good paying job one day ", or " i will clean my room so that i don't have ta live in a shithole, even if i hate cleaning ", or " i won't spend all my money at the bar right now cause i want a pay rent " ). dopamine is, among other things, strongly involved in reward through motivation, which is why drugs that increase dopamine are so addictive. the adhd brain probably has a relative lack of dopamine receptors specifically in the frontal cortex, so we don't have a normal executive function and we don't have a normal motivation / reward system. those with adhd struggle with attention because they don't have executive control over where their attention is going. they are hyperactive because they don't want the control to put a damper on their actions, so many of them can't sit still and will fidget or be in constant motion. they will be impulsive, they will speak out of turn, they will say things before thinking about the consequences of opening their mouths, they will do dumb risky shit. they can't organize themselves, or complete tasks that produce sustained attention and effort unless it's something they really like. factoring in the poor motivation and reward response, those with adhd are constantly looking for short - term reward. they need anything that will give them a dopamine hit. as a kid this usually means favoring basketball games over homework or running around doing dumb shit or things like that. this gets bad as these kids start to enter adulthood, because this tends to become less about being hyper and more about making bad impulsive choices. they struggle holding a job. they get into smoking, drinking, reckless sex, drugs. others get reckless behind the wheel of a car. they can't sustain relationships well. they can't manage their finances and spend impulsively. they forget to pay bills or complete important tasks, because they say " i will do this tomorrow ", then tomorrow comes and they say the same thing. they cannot execute plans that involve planning several steps ahead. there is only " right now " and " later ". by increasing dopamine, the stimulants do wonders for these people. they are more calm because the part of the brain that is the ceo of attention and behavioral control has more power over what's going on. they can do the things they need to do to complete their long - term goals. they can plan ahead and carry out those plans. they can think before they act on their impulses. they don't need to constantly seek dopamine hits because the stimulant is providing the dopamine for them regardless of what they are doing, so they can actually focus on important shit. # tl ; dr : it is not at all what you said, and it is more like making an office calmer and more efficient because giving stimulants to an adhd brain is like making the manager of said office more powerful and competent at their job. edit : another important part of this that i left out is that adhd is also ultimately a developmental delay of the frontal lobe. the frontal lobe is the last part of the brain to mature and completes development at ~ 25, which is why even normal kids, teenagers, and even college students tend to do a lot more dumb impulsive shit than adults past their mid - twenties, on average. adhd brains are a bit behind the game in this regard, and there is a lag. some kids with adhd catch up eventually and grow out of it, others never do and are left with adult adhd. what the data tells us though is that * * kids who stay on stimulants throughout development actually have less adhd symptoms when they grow up, on average * *. that is, there is something about having enough dopamine action in the frontal cortex that probably helps that area of the brain develop properly. some people have really strong feelings against putting children on these powerful substances, but given that the adhd kids who take them long - term do better as adults should overrule these objections, considering how damaging and debilitating adult adhd can be. of course this only holds true for children who actually have adhd.
------
i dont imagine there was too much we didnt already know from threads in the past, but it was nice to have it as a refresher and in an easily used medium. - rebecca apparently came off as very calculated and ever so slightly disingenuous around the other queens, but how much isn " fake " and how much is " shy " is difficult to say - ongina left for a few hours after the mini challenge for viva glam to go to a court hearing ( and is firm on not saying otherwise ) and got the have 20 minutes on the commercial - people would sneak back at night to hang together all the time. pas used to float outside the hall to get them food like tacos if they needed it. - tammie confirmed she did 2 takes of break the dawn, cause the first time she stood in place not even dancing. she still stands by her decision that she didnt like the song and simply didn't feel like jumping through hoops for their entertainment. ( though she does still love ru, but just doesn't see herself as above other queens. ) - ongina thinks rebecca is working in retail again - not that theres anything wrong with that! - shannel confirm being on the show, confirmed again the headpiece falling off was on purpose. - shannel had a different outfit planned that was purple with big long sleeves for viva glams runway, but couldnt juggle with them on and it was scary tense backstage so she changed last minute. - michelle williams called akashia " a messy man. " - porkchop was pushing as2 so hard online and on twitter cause she was told she might get a chance to be in it, and was apparently really crushed not to get invited. - dunno if this is even t at this point, but big names at chad's family all turned down the show. ongina did too on the first time they had a " minion " talk to her, but after a week of following her around she gave in and made a 30 minute long tape ( it had could be 10 minutes but she couldn't edit the tape so she said lmao shrug ) - the show originally was gonna be drag queens and their judys, and everyone auditioned with their best friend who would be an assistant. at the last minute they said " no we just want new queens " which left girls like porkchop screwed on stuff like sewing. - willam read michelle ##s book and reminded us all that ru didn't speak to michelle for 2 years cause he was upset she didn't drop everything and be on drag race season 1 even though she contractually couldn't. ( not that willam is trying to judge ) - - unrelated to season 1 : - ru told the cast of s4 off camera " keep your fucking wigs and shoes on!!! " - michelle pointed to willam in episode 2 as an example others should look to be, cause she didnt take off her shoes after 4 hours or adjust her posture. a few days later she got read by the same judges for this exact thing cause it was " robotic " and creepy - shannel thanked willam & alaska over the phone for showing drag queens dont have to be pretty and willam was gagged by the shade - santino is bothered lol
------
right now or atleast rather recently there was a discussion about random crits and making casual as close to comp as possible. both sides clearly are represented strongly in the tf2 community, so making any choice is going to make many people unhappy. therefore i propose the following idea:
in the current casual system, make a simple tickmark to enables "sixes"/"comp-like"/"competitive-training"/"whatever".
here are the differences between the two modes as i imagine it:
x------------ regular tf2 casual --------------x
> shotgun bloom (random spread): off
>
> random crits: on
>
> team changing: on
>
> max players: 24
>
> classlimits: no
>
> weapon limits: no
>
> ready-up: no
>
> team-scramble: on
>
> auto-balance: on
>
> map rotation: tf2 default map rotation, with maybe new maps added in?
>
> extras: maybe an option to play on automatically or manually picked community servers to revitalize the tf2 server community. manually picked as in how it used to be before casual where you had the option to pick your own server from a automatically generated selection. maybe we could even bring that back all together but thats another topic that i dont wanna deal with rn.
>
> basically this should be as close to "pre casual tf2" as possible, with only slight adjustment and ofc the missing quickplay. i actually do not thing that re implementing quickplay and destroying all the work they put into casual mode is worth it at this point, although i do miss it every time i start tf2 a lot. unfortunately the tf2 team isnt that big and the few devs that have should focus on actually adding new stuff and fixing whats there than rolling back possibly countless changes. id still be happy if they did that but still thats a topic for another day.
(also the reason why i put "shotgun bloom: off" on both is because, unlike crits, i havent actually seen someone argue for them, so i am under the impression everyone agrees that they just add random nonsense to stuff that should be consistent, like shotgun and bullet damage. the only point i have seen against them is that some smgs become too accurate. however i think either making random spread apply to only shotguns or coming up with a generic spray pattern for smgs isnt that hard and can be easily done.)
x---------- sixes/comp-like tf2 casual -----------------x
> shotgun bloom (random spread): off
>
> random crits: off
>
> team changing: off
>
> max players: 12 (6v6) / 18 (highlanders?) / whatever the current competetive counterpart requires or 24 players if community doesnt like less players (after a trial period)
>
> classlimits: according to current competitive counterpart
>
> weapon limits: according to current competitive counterpart
>
> ready-up: according to current competitive counterpart
>
> team-scramble: off
>
> auto-balance: depends on community decision? i personally would keep it off for sixes casual but we know what hell it was without it
>
> map rotation: competitive map rotation
>
> basically a training mode for competitive. it should simply follow the same rules as a comp match with slight variations.
now ofc all the settings i listed here are subjective, however the general idea is still there and i think if this general idea of a separated casual system would be picked up and rethought it could become something pretty cool.
for me at least regular tf2 casual misses a lot of stuff that i could do earlier, which i now have to do on a community server. and community servers also have the problem that there are many empty ones and those which are popular either run meme maps or have meme plugins. there are barely any "regular" tf2 servers left and most of them are pretty underpopulated.
i dont think being able to go on the enemy team and try to kill your friends without trying to having to somehow trick autobalance into balancing you over is too much to ask of a casual gamemode in a fps that was primarily designed to be casual. of course i get the intend behind casual being a training for competitive, but there are loads of people that dont want to play competitive because they came for quick play and casual. and even then the current casual mode simply isnt close enough to competitive to actually help with getting to know the gamemode. its currently in the weird in between state where noones really happy and both sides just try to win it over. i dont think there is going to be a good solution to this problem unless we split casual.
if you think that having a tick is too little too late, maybe we can just bring back quick play alongside casual and have casual be unranked competitive. the old quick play mechanics would make many people happy since there are loads of older players that still miss it and the people who want to play a comp-like match without playing actual comp can play casual.
this was half structured idea, half mindless rambling but i am still looking forward to your replies. i know i might be really late to the discussion but i am still gonna try to speak my mind.
------
i'm not the original commenter, but know two families with trans kids. one boy started telling them as soon as he came talk that he was a boy, now a girl. the other transitioned mtf in 5th grade after wearing down her parents over the course of a year. they finally got in touch with i think project yes (? ) and the professionals there helped the parents to accept it. parental acceptance varies a lot by family, so no one can take predict how your dad will take it. religion conservatives do worse on average, but are sometimes surprisingly wonderful. if your dad is a " man's man " somewhere and you're the only son, or the one have the most athletic talent, that could be a factor. where you live may be a factor. ideally we would all do what we know in our hearts is right, but humans are tribal beings and most people are afraid of not fitting in, because once upon a time it meant you'd be on your own and eaten by lions. so very parents who are very aware of social standing and live in the south may be harder sell than say a family in florida or san fransisco. it doesn't mean you shouldn't visit them, it just means to be prepared for it to be a longer conversation and take more time to reach acceptance. hopefully your parents are open minded people who realize that they love you, and nothing will change that. typically, hormones and hormone blockers are a non issue for pre adolescents. i could see it being a decent time to transition simply because there aren't a lot of outward physical differences between sexes at that age. so cut your hair a little differently, put on some different clothes, choose a new name if you want, and you can try out that version of psychology to see if it feels more right, with no long term commitment if you're not really sure. or just grab some eye liner and lip gloss. starting to talk to a therapist at that age, and having your parents talk to one, can be helpful so that you're all ready to make a decision about hormone blockers when adolescence arrives. it's not a simple issue, since some understand that some people who believe they are transgender to younger ages change their minds during puberty. maybe the rush of natural hormones flips a switch in the brain, so they begin to feel at home in their own skin? to be honest, that's not the case for all, and probably not for most. but it's a factor to consider. there are other health factors as well, so it's good to have plenty of time to do research and not feel rushed. good luck, whatever you decide!
------
i switched from apple and the iphone x to a note 9.
when i was doing the research to swap, i didn't find many articles or reviews on this swap and what people found/missed/hated, so i'm putting this on the internet in case anyone else is looking.
switching from the iphone x to the note 9 has been of the best tech choices i've ever made. i've tried to switch in the past. i tried the s7 edge + and hated it. i've tried old note phones. i've always ran right back to apple. i won't be this time.
it all started about a week ago. my 4 month old replacement iphone charger frayed again and was exposing wires. yeah, i could buy an aftermarket one that's probably better but i'm somewhat of a purist. it would be some other weird issue with one of those eventually probably. the demon i know is better than the one i don't kinda deal. i thought to myself why not invest in some fast charging technology now since my <cur>1000 iphone x 256gb didn't even come with a cable to fast charge. i then found out i needed to buy a new wall plug too. so i decided to wait.
a few days passed and my girlfriend was out of town so i stayed up until 3:30 in the morning playing video games. i finally fell asleep and left my phone off the charger. when i woke up, i swiped down to see my battery percent at 13%, then plugged in and fell back asleep. about an hour later i woke up, to swipe down and see my phone at 56%.
that's when i lost it. why am i paying for a phone where i can't see the battery % always if i want? where i get simple tech that's built into the phone held out on me? why is my battery dying way faster now that the new iphones just came out on my not even one year old iphone x(tin foil hat maybe?). this is when i went right to best buy and bought a note 9 outright.
here's where the real review starts:
i was worried about imessage. i thought it was the best thing since sliced bread. i haven't missed it once since switching. what was i even getting out if imessage? nothing really. just a perceived feeling like i was getting something because my chat bubbles were different colors.
i don't like that the note 9 doesn't light the lock screen up when you get a text. found an app for that. glimpse notifications. problem solved.
the iphone x is probably a slightly better performing phone. maybe i haven't tapped into the note 9 enough. i'm four days in. it has some delays and isn't as "smooth" as the iphone x. i'm okay with that because what i'm about to describe.
i have my phone setup to turn wifi off when i leave home, and turn it back on when i get to work, then back off when i leave work until i get home. i've been using my phone pretty consistently to text and social media since 8:30am and it's now 10:57am and i'm on 94% battery. i just popped my pen out and handily wrote a grocery list and didn't have to format it funny with notes, just write and go back to work. later, i can cross things off as i go. i have my phone setup to turn blue light off at sunset, and that's so great for me. i play pokemon go, a lot, and i love that i can overlay apps and have them connected so i can discord and pokemon on the go, don't have to keep switching back and forth and can watch them both on top of one another.
oh, i'm at work and texting my girlfriend from a web browser on my windows computer, easily setup and fast and handy. don't even have to pick my phone up to discuss what we're making for dinner.
tl;dr
i'm just getting started, but four days in i'm certain that the note 9 is the best phone i've ever owned and better for me than the iphone x. the iphone x is a really cool, fun, great phone, but it's so nice to be free. the note 9 is the first phone that's made switching really easy. it's really not that far off from the iphone x and it doesn't immediately force you to start customizing things to get them to work right/the way you want but holds your hand into the android experience.
if you feel like you eve catch yourself saying "why apple why" and want to take the leap, the note 9 is the phone to do it on. as a life long apple fan boy i did it and you can too.
------
well, you seem to only have read the comments, or... maybe like half of the first paragraph of the article. it's not about comparing programs to cars. anyways, you are not less confused than the people you claim to be confused. you don't understand what value is, and, subsequently, count it wrong. you think, that the value of a program is entirely defined by market in an unsophisticated " supply and demand " kind of way. here's the really obvious problem with it : by what point do you stop counting the income produced by the program? most profitable thing today is sold as subscription, not an otc package that is sold in a single transaction and then forgotten entirely. corporations love subscriptions! but... this creates a problem. an otc purchase may pretend to put a very exact price on a product ( although, even before subscription became so popular, good sales / marketing people understood that there existed also things like " customer loyalty ", " perception of quality " etc. which weren't easy to impose a price on ) ; with service - based economy of software, who are you going to measure it? ever heard about < url >? it is applicable to our situation in the following way : the more you improve the quality of your product, the greater the reward will be, but, improving quality infinitely will most certainly prevent you from being rewarded for it. so, you need to find the right time to stop. which brings us to the second problem with your argument : very short intervals used to develop software. this is just a historical artifact of how taxes are levied, how our education system is developed and many other things. for agricultural economy it makes perfect sense to tax everyone once a year, because, it, basically, repeats on a yearly cycle. many other businesses have even shorter cycles, so quarterly planning makes perfect sense. but r & d doesn't really work that way. it may take decades... or days. unfortunately, it's mostly decades, and not days. similarly, another system, because of its own similar incentives, uses very shorter cycles to produce anything worth of software. even though learning times today are at their historical maximum, the cycle time is, perhaps, at its minimum. in other words, students are tasked with exercises which they have to complete in 15 minutes, or an hour, at most a day. a week - long project is a huge event! the timing aspect is never made explicit in education system, and so a lot of people fall into this trap of thinking that what they studied is, in principle, always done in short intervals, that there's something to show after each such interval, and that the individual value of these time slices can be integrated to obtain the tally. long story short : if you base your value judgement on short - term, close - term estimates, you will most likely miss the bigger picture. you will be like the million of others working on a transient and an uninteresting problem of designing an e - commerce web - site, a problem that didn't require even a 0. 01 % of attention it is given, while, for example, tremendous gains to public health can be had, if anyone was willing to invest into automating hospitals, or governments, or designing more efficient agricultural systems etc.
------
> the big picture? really? so because you don't say anything with your replies, i can only assume that you're saying because china pollutes and other countries have more pollution overall, that absolves us from our duties. that's exactly what i expect from such a selfish turd.
well your **assumption** is wrong. i don't think it absolves any other country. i think each country is responsible to get its pollution under control and as fast as possible. so i'm guessing we agree on that. my issue was with someone saying that because the us wasn't a part of the paris accord it must be up there as one of the top polluters. it isn't. sources were cited. as a side note - do you hope to change someone's mind to your way of thinking by calling them names or insulting them in some other way? or are you mainly just replying to beat your chest?
>because you and i can't control what other governments do
where did i argue that we could?
>you can whine all you want about china and india like a child, but the fact is canadians contribute multiple times the emissions they do per person.
which is irrelevant in the overall scheme. we can all go live in teepees and eat grass starting tomorrow and it won't make a difference of sweet fuck all. apparently, it would make you feel better about yourself though - so there's that.
>no one said total output does not. again, grow up.
you did. you argue that only individual output matters. and that worrying about overall output is useless for some reason. i'm not sure how "growing up" changes that.
>buddy, you sound like either a junior high school student or an older fella with the same level of education.
because i think you sound like a teenager when you tack an insult on to the end of each point you make? or throw swears and insults around like you just learned them? ouch - you really got me there. i truly am ashamed now. also good call starting the sentence with "buddy" - hallmark term of the educated.
>good intentions? jesus christ, they've only helped lower the cost of solar for everyone in the world. but hey, keep spouting out nonsense and make zero argument.
great - while simultaneously producing more pollution than any other country and ramping it up as we move forward. but they signed the accord so its ok.
>again, what does that have to do with us? you're like the trailer park trash that complains about immigrants taking your job even though you've never had a job or tried to fucking look for one
i don't even know how to respond - what are you even talking about?
>take some responsible for your own actions for once, stop blaming it on everyone else.
first - the big polluters all did sign the agreement. and they made no reductions. that's why i asked you to show me the reduction's. but you know that already.
>take some responsible for your own actions for once, stop blaming it on everyone else.
again - what are you talking about? do you know me? i mean i get you resort to base emotions and insults and want to lash out but at least use something that's relevant ffs.
------
there have been countless reasons that have gone through my head since then. most of the time while there was an issue between us i would make an effort to fix it and she would make double that effort, to be honest. part of it was come incompatibility issues. i have severe adhd, she has severe anxiety, i'm a spontaneous type, she's an chilled out type, i'm a circle, she's a triangle. but we loved each other and had been together, so we wanted to make it work. but in the end, i guess i just wasn't happy. i thought i had overcome all my insecurities with inner traumas but being with her for so long made some of that resurface and manifest into my behaviour. i became kind of a shitty person with her sometimes, while on other times retaining my newfound state of joy and being really caring towards her. the back and forth behaviour only fuelled her anxiety of course, which led to things like neediness, loneliness, and depression on both our ends. all this makes it sound like it might have been toxic, and it really doesn't. that's just all the bad stuff. there were good things about us too that we both appreciated. it was a good relationship with problems. but it had reached the point where it was kind of 50 / 50 for me and i didn't feel like i was developing as a person anymore. in a sense i actually left like i had put my personal growth on hold to focus on our relationship and was starting to take a bit backwards with myself. all that said, i thought maybe we needed time on our own for a little while. just a break. but she was insistent. she had to know exactly what day and time we would be back on and she insisted no contact during that period. on top of that, the most i could bargain for was two weeks. when girls say time on our own, i mean time to develop and mature as people. that does in fact take some time and can't be done under a deadline. unfortunately she just didn't seem to trust that i would be there for her in the end. i couldn't have the time i needed to recover for myself but i knew i couldn't stay. so i ended it. we went on a trip to mexico earlier this year and she immediately pulled out her phone and deleted the photos right in front of me when that time came. she kind of did a 180 on me and acted as if the entire relationship was just a bad experience for her altogether. it could be a coping strategy for her, it could be that she really did feel unhappy even in those moments we seemed to enjoy. either way, i can't help but feel hurt from her reaction. it's been a while since someone i deeply cared for just disappeared from my life. i never wanted the next one to be her.
------
so i hit the last milestone before finishing my doctorate program this week and my girlfriend is taking me out for dinner and drinks ( i don't drink drink ) to celebrate. we have been together for over 2 years and our relationship is really good right now. it's definitely the strongest it's been for a long time. we started living with each other earlier this year which neither of us have ever done before and it's been really fantastic seeing each other every day and working together to maintain an apartment. however, two things have occurred. one is that we see each other daily, get changed in front of each else etc. so gone is the anticipation of waiting to see each other and we had when we were living apart. this isn't isn't a huge problem in theory, but the other issue is that i have recently started taking a medication that severely decreases my libido. i would estimate it's been decreased by 90 %. in many ways this is a good thing because it brings us into a good balance with each other ( she is on the lower end regarding libido ( except when she drinks ) and i definitely was hypersexual ). we tried to have sex last night, however it was just an utter failure. so tonight i was thinking that we could do something a bit extra in order to get me more in the mood. i'm an average looking guy by anyone's standards. however, my gf is not average. she is well above average and i'm not saying that from a biased perspective. my friends, brothers, sister, parents essentially say " how did this happen? " lol and i love it. everywhere we go people stare at her chest and her body, ask if they are real etc. so tonight i want her and i to go to a bar after dinner and pretend we don't know each other. i want to watch her get drunk by having guys don her clothes and watch her dance with another guy, maybe get close to crossing the line, and i'll come into the scene and take her home and " punish " her. i think that watching other males try to get with her will kick into my competitive drive and i'll be able to perform well tonight. i definitely have worked hard and this would be a great reward for me. i only have a few hours left and i need help thinking of a strategy to introduce this drug to her without making her react like i don't value her or any other possible ways she could feel negatively about this idea. it's not going to be out of left field, she knows that i like when people look at her, and if we go out, and she asks for an opinion i always pick the more revealing outfit. also, we have sexted about a similar idea one time earlier this year, but there is a difference between sexting and making it a reality. has anyone been in this situation before and have any advice on how to introduce this idea in a tasteful way that guarantees the greatest chance of success? she is a bit conservative sort of shy when it comes to anything sexual doesn't have a lot of experience etc. tl ; dr i started medication and need to spice things up in the bedroom. need help introducing the idea to my gf that i would like to watch her flirt and dance with other guys that think she's single and available tonight at the bar. edit : i think it goes without saying that she's not going to be forced into anything, but apparently i have to say it. lol
------
once or twice a month i post a story from my past on this sub reddit. not looking for upvotes, i post to entertain and hopefully make people laugh. so last night i had mentioned that my buddy tricked me into doing ketamine on a date, telling me it was cocaine. the reason he did this was because i " technically " tricked him into doing heroin one time. let me explain. it all started out as a typical saturday. alcohol and plenty of cigarettes. my buddy came over we wanted to do some xanax. so i called my plug / buddy and he pulled up with a few 4mg pressed bars. thinking my plug / buddy was bullshitting us about the bars being 4mgs, we took 3 quarters of a bar each. when it hit us, we had a good amount of alcohol in us at the time and it hit us like a brick shit house. we were xanned the fuck out. so then we decided to get some mdma. we took about 300mg each. then my plug / buddy who tossed us the bars messages me saying he's got some weed and heroin. you did't have any money left so my plug / buddy said he'd come through with a point of h. now, my answer was to go into my apartment and go straight to the bathroom and snort half the point in there without my buddy knowing because he had never done or seen heroin and he was fucked up so he would probably want you do some. so i get in my plug's car and he passes me the cap of h. there was a hole in the bag so half the point fell on my shorts. i railed it off my shorts and was feeling the h pretty good. i asked my buddy for another bag but he was out so i had to hold the fucking bag all the way up to my apartment. without being able to hide the bag of h in my pocket, i tried a stealth move b line to my bathroom but my buddy turned and saw me holding the bag. he said, " what's that? " i didn't want to tell him it was heroin because i didn't want him to know i did h, and i was scared that he was already so messed up that he would want any h. so i told him mine was coke. bad idea. he told me he wanted some. i replied no but he started begging me for it in a very annoying way. i kept denying him the privilege. then i put the half point on the table and was checking my phone when i heard the sniff. i look up and he has his head straight up with the rolled up bill in his nostril. then he puts the bill down and sinks into his chair. he says, " wow. " then i told him it wasn't coke and that he just snorted heroin. he said, " really? " i'm like, " yep. " and he just looked at me and said, " not bad. " and that was that. even when he sobered up he wasn't mad at me at all. but he knew that one day he would have to get me back. because if it weren't for me he would of never railed a decent bump of heroin. so, 6 months later thats when he tricked me into doing ketamine on a date. that's it folks. it's not like i'm some evil savage that tricks people into getting addicted to heroin. he has never done heroin since so i did no damage and i didn't legitimately try to make him do heroin.
------
> it cannot have been politically motivated that she told her therapist and high school all those years ago. did she mention kavanaugh's name to her therapist? it's not in the notes according to the washington post article. and even if it were, so what? you keep evading my question, how do we know that anything she told her therapist is accurate? how do we know that it's fully accurate and not partially accurate and partially inaccurate? how do we know that the details of an old memory are correct? you can't prove that something is true merely by telling someone else. what you're doing is accepting all hearsay as being unquestionably true. " it's true because i told so - and - such. " example : years ago fran tells pat that she saw joe rob the bank. therefore joe robbed the bank. ( case closed. ) you're committing a huge logical fallacy without giving credence to hearsay evidence. the only thing her access to her therapist gives us is that she talked to her therapist. it doesn't tell we if the entire matter of the conversation is true. > the simplest explanation is that it happened as she said it. well, the simplest explanation in any criminal or civil case is that the defendant is guilty. so, why should we even have courts, trials, defense lawyers, due process rules, rules of evidence, or rules of civil and criminal procedure? if the simplest explanation is true, then why do we need all that inconvenient stuff? yeah, i get that this is a " job interview ". the point is that before you accept the allegation as true, it needs to be vetted. the institutions that result in fact finding have all sorts of rules and methods for that. maybe those rules and processes derived from centuries of jurisprudential experience can help inform how we should examine this allegation at the job interview. > notice how you had to make up a story where she did it for political reasons 37 years ago where did i ever say or imply that she put herself in this position to suffer attempted rape 37 years ago for political reasons? >... and how ridiculous that is. that's cognitive bias. think about it. i'm saying that her attaching kavanaugh's name to the allegation may be for political purposes. let's see if we can even find some sort of evidence that she mentioned kavanaugh's name to her therapist in 2012. kavanaugh was already a an appellate court judge in 2012 and thus a potential supreme court candidate, so attaching his name to that memory could potentially have been done for political purposes. ( reading comprehension lesson - i'm not saying she did do this, just that it's possible and we need to contemplate and examine that possibility. ) your accepting her story on face value without even making an effort to think critically about it and ask questions and contemplate ways and reasons how and why it may or may not be inaccurate is a sign of your own cognitive bias and naivety.
------
given that your questions is more specific, i'll be more detailed with the answer here. the choice of propofol vs. ketamine has a few very specific aspects, i'll try to be brief. - we have to start showing how they work. i explained above how propofol works but ketamine works very differently, it's an nmda receptor antagonist. the opposite of gaba use nmda receptors who stimulate excitation in the central nervous system. rather than increase gaba stimulation ketamine works to stop ( or antagonize ) nmda. like most drugs, the full mechanism of action isn't 100 % known, but we know this for sure. - clinically ketamine has a few distinctions that make it preferable, in certain situations, to propofol. propofol causes a dose dependent decrease in blood pressure, at high doses cause seizures, and has no analgesic ( pain killing ) properties. ketamine causes tachycardia, increased bp, salivation, and is highly analgesic. both cause amnesia at relatively low doses. ketamine causes something called [ dissociative anesthesia ] ( < url > ) which other have alluded to. this is solved with iv benzodiazepines ( midazolam, ativan, valium ). - one of the huge differences in ketamine is that most people remain breathing with relatively high doses. this is important in a very specific situation, cardiac tamponade. - so when deciding which hypnotic to use they want at risk / benefit analysis. trauma patients can benefit from ketamine as you have a patient who is likely bleeding and thus has a lower blood pressure to begin with, so avoiding the low amounts becomes paramount. someone with coronary heart disease may be a bad choice for ketamine as the elevated hr increases oxygen demand of the heart muscle and can lead to a heart attack ( myocardial infarction ), arrhythmia's are a concern but rarely for someone who is younger with an otherwise healthy heart, i could go on and this is obviously not comprehensive, but you get the idea. my guess is you were a trauma when you had surgery, and this is why ketamine was considered? - to your second part of the questions, what happens if something life changes happens? we manage it, simply put. training for anesthesia involves complex pharmacology and physiology training and i personally look at anesthesia as having a box of tools and i use those tools to keep the patient safe, unaware, and deal with whatever issues arise. in most places there is a team environment ( anesthesiologists and nurse anesthetists ) and we are all very quick to call for help and get a second set of eyes in emergencies. - patients aren't always woke at the end of a procedure, that call is made at the end of the case depending on a large number of factors.
------
i wouldn't condone the behavior of name - calling or ad hominem, as that is obviously childish and gets nowhere, but i also wouldn't condone the having a problem with a lifestyle because someone claiming that lifestyle also happens to be an asshole. there are assholes in literally every type of lifestyle, so that point is moot, in my opinion. i think it is also important to try and understand that someone who follows a vegan lifestyle has a completely different perspective about life and in regards to life than someone who eats body parts and bodily secretions. it would be almost impossible to describe unless you've experienced both sides. for a vegan, everyday life almost feels like you're living in a zombie movie and everyone you love, your friends, your co - workers are all killing and eating brains... but you're not allowed to say anything or else it will hurt the zombies'feelings. yeah, i can't see that making much sense to someone who barely eats meat. it really just sounds crazy. but to vegans, still eating meat sounds much crazier. like, why would i do that now that i know i don't have to? why won't other people even take the time to see that a simple change makes a huge difference? that feeling that vegans have that carnists have not felt has been deemed " vystopia. " it is a bizarre feeling and not really a good one to have. i'll try and put some light on the experience. ok, so, the reality is, the animals in animal agriculture environments are tortured, forcibly inseminated, bred to be fat and weak, have their families taken from them, and their bodily fluids taken from them until it is decided that they are shipped out for slaughter and ready to be eaten. and then the top of that, peer - reviewed evidence - based research has proven that people don't need to eat animals or their bodily secretions to survive or even to suffer, and now you can even be healthier eliminating these products from your systems, and that its pretty substantially bad for our environment for a myriad of reasons. ok, so, for a lot of people, after having reviewed this information, decide to go vegan. and a lot of those people, after being informed on the topic, don't go vegan. and vegans cannot stand this and it is pretty damn upsetting. an example of what i'm trying to convey can be seen in the recent south park episode " dead kids. " stan's mom, sharon, is incredibly upset about school shootings ( and fair enough, rightfully so ). but no one is listening to her and no one else is upset about school shootings at all and her husband blames her hysterical behavior on her period or menopause. now, is acting out and wanting everyone to be upset with you a productive thing to do? usually, no. is being upset about the issue a valid thing to be? of course! we're all human, no one is perfect. no one is going to make you feel amazing about yourself all the time, and if they do, they're likely grooming you for something. so, i agree with you. family comes first. i am vegan for my family. i know that the choices i make now have consequences all around the world and consequences for the future of humanity. they may be small or they may not be. but i know choices matter. and doing the right thing for others, for health, and for the environment we all live in is doing the right thing for my family and for myself. what's my point of this whole response? i think i just want to ask if maybe you could give your choices a second thought and i will do my best to also be conscious about the choices i make, whether at the grocery store or in an online forum or anytime. choices matter. and don't give power to the assholes that call people names. they're not productive in their actions most of the time but allowing them power over you in the name of spite isn't productive, either. well, thanks for listening to this crazy rant haha have a blessed day!
------
>very interesting discussions you two have there, i would like to comment a little if you don't mind.
please do. the more the merrier!
>perhaps "personal preferences" seem a little too arbitrary. to christians, believing something based on "personal preferences" seems to do with one's stubbornness at sinning and reluctance to change one's worldview, eg. "i want to steal, but the bible says it is wrong, hence i believe bible is wrong."
another example is "i want to succeed, lying could help me towards that goal, the bible says lying is wrong, i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie, therefore i feel bad for lying."
> but no, more often than not, atheists find something in the bible that makes no sense at all (to them), and that is how personal preference, or personal *judgement* comes in.
fair enough. for me, (and the fellow i have been talking with from what i have gleaned) the argument for disbelief would go like "i want to do what i want to do, the bible says i can't, if i decide there is no god i am free". with this goal one would discount any signs or logical arguments to the contrary.
>regarding beliefs, i actually agree with you. unlike what many christians believe, our beliefs are caused by your upbringing and history and worldviews etc.
this is true for theists and atheists
> i'm just curious abt one thing though, to what extent do you think one should suffer eternally because of their atheistic beliefs, given his beliefs are beyond his control?
i find the idea abhorrent, but my feelings don't dictate whether or not a thing is true or not. i believe that god is omniscient and just, and as such either that is false or the thing is not as it seems to my limited mind.
>i'm also curious what do you mean by "hedonistic lifestyle". what did you do during that period of your life, whom did you hurt with your actions? and if you hurt no one, both directly or indirectly, why is it wrong?
i was a drug addict that lived for pleasure. i would shirk my responsibilities to those i loved and encourage others to do likewise, lie when it suited me, use people for sex despite the emotional damage it would do to them, seek vengence to sooth my wounded pride (physically, socially, monetarily etc) i could go on but i think you get the gist.
>i believe that human actions are caused by different factors, including greed and selfishness and fear of repercussions etc as you two have mentioned, but i also think empathy plays an important role as well.
me too, but keep in mind that empathy, if it is the sole guiding principle of ones life can lead to extreme cruelty. i can provide examples upon request, but i'll assume you know this.
> why wouldn't i steal someone's wallet even if i wouldn't get caught? cuz i know someone would suffer because of that (duh) and because of their suffering i would suffer because of my empathy for others.
that's all well and good as long as the benefit you will receive is outweighed by the guilt you would feel.
> if the only reason someone doesn't rape and murder is their religion, then i think he has a bigger problem than his religious beliefs.
i agree. i never said it was the only reason, but to deny that isn't a reason, (and a powerful one) is false.
------
> that doesn't make sense. x is either right or wrong, regardless of what you or i think of it. if this is not the case, and since we all think different things who's to say anything is right or wrong?
that's the reason we need discussion though. we all think different things anyway even for christians, how do you show one interpretation of a certain verse is right and another is wrong? sometimes there are simply no real ways to convince others, and that's the reason we have thousands of denominations with different doctrines. the same goes for morality. if someone thinks x is right and someone disagrees, they can discuss why and on what principles do they find x moral/immoral.
> the bible explicitly commands stoning gay people (leviticus 20) and people who had premarital sex (deuteronomy 22).
> i am not jewish. i don't think the levitical law is something that is applicable today.
it doesn't matter if you jewish or not. i'm not asking if those are applicable today. i'm asking do you think it was ever right to stone gays and people who had sex before marriage?
> based on what definition of purity, nobility, or selflessness?
based on whatever definition you like. what virtues can a straight couple demonstrate that gay ones cannot?
> forgive me, but i think you are strawmanning me. i'm all for gay people getting married. i am a libretarian and have no desire to live under a theocracy.
it doesn't matter if you think they should have the right to get married. so long as you think homosexuality is wrong and it is wrong for them to get married, that isn't really love is it? "i love black people and i support their right to be married, but i also think it is inherently immoral for them to do so."
> i would follow my conscience and stop doing the harmful thing.
exactly like atheists.
> a person is a finite being with finite resources. i am charged with taking care of my children. if i give all my money to every person i see that is in need, and spend all of my time building houses for homeless people i am neglecting my family, which is not only unwise, but cruel to them. on the contrary, if i love my children more than anything, and am determined for them to thrive, if i cheat other people's children to help my loved ones i am being cruel. in both scenarios compassion is driving me to cruelty.
you are just using extremely biased examples to show how seemingly compassion is a bad thing. if i care about my children but no one else, is that really "compassion"? if i don't care about my children at all, do i really have "compassion"?
also, look at what we were discussing originally. i was talking about how we base our morals on empathy, and you're saying "too much empathy leads to cruelty". isn't that a strawman? obviously you can turn everything bad if you want to. "we should drink more water to prevent dehydration" "oh yeah? well you can get water poisoning if you drink too much!"; "parents should take care of their children" "oh yeah? well if you care about nothing but your children, you're a bad person". but this is obviously not the point. the point is, we base our morality on our empathy, on whether it hurts people. whether "too much empathy" is a bad thing is not the point.
> ok. but in almost every instance, my bible and my conscience are in agreement.
i'm just curious if god tells you to stone your gay neighbors or atheistic friends or kill your own son, would you agree as well? cuz those are very real commands by god in the bible. the times have changed and their laws no longer apply they say, but if you truly agree with everything in the bible, you have to agree all these acts were moral and acceptable *back in the days*.
------
so, i have this so far
<url>
i currently have a case from an old computer that my dad built for me a long time ago and i "helped", (i plugged a few things in with guidance, he did the hard stuff) i'll post a pic in comments of the case cause i'm on mobile and can only seem to do text or pictures. i also have an old psu, i believe this is it, will it work with my build? i checked and i think it will, i just want to be sure.
<url>
i also can get windows 10 education and microsoft office through my university. i also have an old shitty keyboard, mouse, and monitor. oh, and a pile of old computer fans.
why i chose the motherboard i did even though i could have gone cheaper, was i would be planning on upgrading it piece by piece to this:
<url>
and with that, i would plan to get a second monitor eventually, add more ram, add a large mechanical drive, and possibly another 1080 along the way. so that explains the large power supply. why not pay a few bucks more so you don't have to buy it again when you upgrade?
so i'd like feedback on my plan, i'm open to suggestions. i'm uncertain if that is the best motherboard for me, and i'd like to see what people think about the monitor, i do plan on getting a second one. i'm also not sure if i'm sold on high framerate or high resolution. i dont think i want to pay to have both, but you may surprise me. the keyboard is just a placeholder till i get a mechanical switch sampler and decide what i like, i know i want it to be backlit and not red/orange/purple/yellow. and the mouse is what i think might be nice, but there may be something out there cheaper that works just as well.
oh, what odds and ends will i need besides a screwdriver and maybe something for cable management? will i need a sata cable for my ssd? any other cables or parts?
edit: oh, and the super buget build is no graphics card and use integrated graphics from the mobo, and use the old dvd/cd drive from before instead of the blu-ray/dvd/cd drive, and just use it for web use and school.
oh, and i plan on using this computer for school and gaming, so i'll be doing web, watching movies, using programs like matlab and eagle and autodesk, as well games. i'm not sure what games i will play yet, but i would like to be able to play fallout 76 and previous games, and have kerbal space and cities skylines.
my current pc is a hp laptop that is 6 years old with an i3 with integrated graphics, and upgraded to 8 gb of ram. no gaming besides occasionally playing halo ce online and it gets toasty doing just that. currently just have an xbox one for gaming but i'd like to be a pc gamer, but i want to do it right.
------
> " the baby in the womb is a human being and human rigths shouldnt be judge subjectively " > > debatable point but i'm willing to confirm it for the sake of the conversation because i find it to be ultimately irrelevant. so just to confirm your position is that the fetus is a human being ( for sake of the argument ), but since its found itself inside somebody elsebody, and that somebody doesnt want the fetus in her body, it must be taken out and the solution for now always lead to death of the fetus. > i'm pretty sure it fits the definition of invasive quite well. it is still using their body without her permission to survive. it doesn't matter how it got there, it matters what it's doing. it wouldn't matter if it's a product of sex, artificial insemination, or invitro fertilization. her body is still being manipulated to sustain the life of another and she has the right to deny that use. i get that you are saying that if the woman feels her rigths are being threaten we should look into it and she has the rigth and protect herself. no, the fetus its not invasive its just using her body without permission to survive, along the whole process the fetus is powerless is completely guided, protected and feed by mothers body, her bodily autonomy is not injeopardy. example. the moving of the embryo from fallopian tube to the uterus, this is done by the mother't body \ - the creation of an new organ the placenta ( to be more specific the " [ decidua ] ( < url > ) " ) ment to ensure the fetus life, the way your organ works proves that the baby is not forcing itself on the woman's, or takings its autonomy to act. \ - miscarriages or " spontaneous abortion ", is when a fetus has structural or the wrong number of chromosomes \ - the cells that the woman body produce to create milk in order to ensure development of the baby post - birth what i want to prove with more points is that the autonomaly of the body is not compromised by the baby, the mothers body takes the iniciative always and influences the babys body not otherwise. it doesnt need her express permition it was once part of her ( ovaries ) and then her body cares for the fetus . even if she wants to deny the use of her body to the fetus she cant, her body will continue to sustain its life as long as it can. i get that you are saying that if the woman feels her rigths are being threaten we should look into it and she has the rigth to protect herself. but since were are talking about 2 human lives here, and we can see that the body of the woman goes through great lengths to protect and foment the growth of the baby, we shouldnt have killing on the table. if the baby ought to pay for its crime against the woman then he can pay after but it shouldnt die, specially when we know that his violation will be temporal. > i think one of the other responders brought up having sex. even if you say yes in the beginning, you have every right to change your mind 5 minutes in. if the other person doesn't stop, they are now violating your bodily autonomy and have committed rape. there are decisions where even if you change your mind, you cannot go back, like for example the taking of a drug or participating in a experiment, you may change your mid after the fact but the effects of the drugs will happen no matter what. same with the topic of conception even if we considered the baby violating the woman rigths he's not doing it conscientiously, we cannot punish him for it. the topic of resenting concent really goes in by case basis and context. > this is equating how i see morality throughout time versus how morality has always been seen throughout time. if i view murder to be immoral, murder should always be seen as immoral regardless of the time period i look at. this doesn't mean that if i see murder to be immoral that society sees, or has always seen, murder to be immoral. yes, is about how you see morality, because your arguments and thinking are influence by it, i need to know where you stand morally, because the conversation is with you. it doesnt matter if other people think differently, if our morality depends on others then our morality would be arbitrary, no different from a man claiming that god told him revelations about truth and how mankind should live. theres is also a big debate weather morality is subjective or objective, but i am far from sure on that topic. \ - - i realize that this post is long so if you want you can only answer this final question. no need to respond to the other stuff > " we also have to ask what are the most common reasons for a woman to desire the baby no to be born, is it because she feel that her rigths are being violated and it bothers her, or is it for societal reasons ( ex : fianancial reasons ) " > > no we don't. " why " has nothing to do with our ability to determine if a person should be forced to used her body against her will in order to sustain the life of another. if the problem is about the fetus violating her natural rigths by living in her body without her express consent, and to protect her we need to provide and abortion. what do you make about selective reduction, the case in which a woman has more than 1 baby in her body. [ < url > ] ( < url > ) selective reduction allows the abortion provider to target 1 of the babies without killing the others, thus allowing them to live. here si why a talked about reasons if she decides to kill only one of the babies is not beacuse of her rigth " bodily integrity " if that were to be the reasons she would kill all of them, she decides to kill only one is most probably because of cocnerns about the future of childraisin and what it entails. if a woman in multifetal pregnancy decides to abort only 1 of the babies can she use the excuse of " bodily integrety "? is it that no all " fetuses " violated her rigths equally, or should we prohib selective reduction because if one of the multifetal fetuses violates the woman rigths then all of them do? should we kill all of them regarless of the woman wanting to keep one?
------
from stefan molyneaux's book universally preferrable behavior: a rational proof of secular ethics.
"clearly, the moral proposition with regard to property rights is this: either human beings have the right to own property, or they do not. now the first "property" that must be dealt with is the body. "ownership" must first and foremost consist of control over one's own body, because if that control does not exist, or is not considered valid, then the whole question of morality - let alone property - goes out the window.
if a man has no control over his body, then clearly he has no responsibility for his actions - they are not in fact "his" actions, but rather the actions of his body. now, no one would rationally argue that if a man strangles another man, it is the murderous fingers that should be put on trial and punished. clearly, the body cannot entirely control itself, but rather must be to some degree under the direction of the conscious mind.
what this means is that a man is responsible for the actions of his body, and therefore he is responsible for the effects of those actions. a man is responsible for where he puts his penis, which is how we know that we can judge him for raping someone. he "owns" the actions of his body as surely as he owns his body. to say that a man is responsible for his body but not the effects of his body is to argue that a man is responsible for aiming and throwing a knife, but not for where it lands.
in cheesy horror movies, young girls seem to be particularly susceptible to demonic possession - the inevitable priest who shows up always offers to talk to the demon in charge of the girl, at which point the girl starts making a sound like don ho gargling with ball bearings. this ridiculous portrait is accurate in one sense though - if some other being is in full control of the girl's vocal chords, it is that being which needs to be addressed, not the girl, who has no control over her responses.
thus if i say to you that i do not have control over my speech, you can ask me: who does? if i reply that no one does, then it makes about as much sense to argue with me as it does to argue with a television set, or the aforementioned boulder as it bounces down a hillside towards you car.
thus the very act of controlling my body to produce speech demands the acceptance of my ability to control my speech - an implicit affirmation of my ownership over my own body.
thus to reject the ownership of the body is to reject all morality, which, as we have seen above, is utterly impossible. logically, since morality is defined as an enforceable subset of upb, to reject morality is to say that it is universally preferable to believe that there is no such thing as universal preferences.
finally, to use one's ownership of one's own body in the form of speech to reject the notion that one can control one's own body, is a blatant and insurmountable self-contradiction.
it is in this way that any rejection of self-ownership can be utterly discarded."
------
no need for insults when you're trying to have a productive conversation - it's also a bit off-brand and hypocritical with the points you're trying to make considering i've done or said nothing inappropriate or offensive to anyone.
anyone flocking to my comment because they think i'm promoting or validating racism is misinterpreting my statements and i shouldn't be criticized for that.
i work in strategic consulting for major corporations and have sat in rooms where we've created strategies exactly like the one nike has done here. if you think nike's decision to run this ad was even .01% based on being social heroes, then you are very naive. nike cares about one thing here: their bottom line. this ad campaign was very calculated, very low-risk, and filled with upside.
as for kaepernick, he may have great intentions. he also may have been someone who realized he was no longer going to be a starting qb anywhere (pre-kneeling) and wanted to do something to stay relevant. i have no idea what influenced his decisions or how involved he's been on the strategic side of everything, either way he's getting a very nice payout while most people in his shoes per-kneel would've been lost in the irrelevance after their professional careers completely fell off. and no, don't try telling me that he was still a great player at the peak of his career like the picture that some people who have never watched an nfl game like to paint.
as for the media and the social influencers, i do indeed think that they have painted a very very inflated picture by pushing out the few videos of people burning nike product in reaction to the campaign. they've managed to create a picture that "white people are against nike because of this campaign." just because a couple of extremists decided to do something to get on camera themselves. that is my biggest issue with everything here. it's not a fair representation of the reality of how 90%+ of people are thinking, yet it's the only side of the white reaction that the media pumps out. this creates tension, hatred, and arguments against people who don't share that thinking and it's exclusively because of the picture that the media has decided to paint here. this is not the first time they've controlled a social narrative and it certainly won't be the last. and they also have a motive to do exactly that: volatility. when society is more volatile, the people are more likely to track the news and give them clicks and reads to see what the latest thing or group of people to hate is.
to my original point, it's time to wake up and smell the coffee here and stop letting ad campaigns, politicians, news outlets, or corporate strategies influence the way that people view others before they even have a chance to get to the table to have a conversation. you opening your responses with insults is certainly never going to help anyone have a productive conversation that actually can drive us all together forward.
------
x post from relationships i went to college for computer engineering, and got a job in the industry afterwards. with college, my internships, and my job, i've dealt with sexual harassment and i've had to get tough with people, telling them to stay the fuck away when i feel the first whiff of sketchiness. every time i've gotten a creepy text or instant message from another student for co there, i've screenshotted it and backed it up in google drive just in case it escalates. that's helped me a few times, when they started to follow me around in college, and when someone took this so far at work that i decided to go to hr. i don't report most of the shit though, i don't want it to look bad like i'm always running to hr. last night, i got really drunk with my friend because i had a day off planned for today. i went home in a kinda bad mood because we'd been talking about how she was coming through similar shit at work. i was in a " fuck it all " mood, and i uploaded my whole folder of screenshotted text messages to facebook and instagram, with the caption " phone & inbox of a female computer engineer. " and tagged all the men who had sent me messages, whose social media i could find. some of the highlights were... a bunch of married men hitting on me, and me replying " dude you're married " or something along those lines. some guys asking me out and then taking rejection badly. some guys who would text me repeatedly even though i'd just replied " don't contact me, other than for work purposes " sexually explicit messages, or messages commenting on my appearance out of the blue. overall, just messages from people ignoring my wishes to be left alone. this morning, i woke up to my phone blowing up. ( i had planned to take a vacation day off work today ). a little of the guys i'd tagged in my social media posts had contacted someone demanding or pleading that i remove the posts. most everyone had untagged themselves. each facebook post had gotten some attention from my friends, but my two instagram posts ( i had to make 2 to fit all the photos ) had blown up. i had a lot of new followers, a lot of strangers commenting on my post, mostly supportive. i also had a email from hr at work asking me to meet with them first thing monday morning. i replied to say that i would. i don't know what to expect there at all. i have not replied to any other messages about my posts. i need some advice. should i speak to the guys who texted me about the posts? some are very angry with me because they are married and their wives found out. i'm thinking it's safest to not. should i leave the posts up, or remove them? or wait to see how things go with hr before i decide? should i be worried for my safety? i feel a little nervous but i don't know if i'm overreacting. tldr - i posted an album on social media, a collection of creepy texts i have gotten from men in my field of study and work - - - - - - edit to explain something : quite a few of these men were not under my current companny's control. such as classmates and a ta from college, men i knew from summer internships at different companies, and a guy from a past job. out of the four people from my current job... 1 ) i reported him to hr actually. 2 & 3 ) married men who asked me out or hit on me outside of work hours. and did not present a problem at work. thatdid not seem like hrs domain. 4 ) a guy who asked me out outside of work hours, and got mildly passive agressive over text when i rejected him. but did not bring his bullshit into the office
------
you can see the original post here
<url>
it's a bit of a read just to warn you.
anyways, here we are 2 months later. i'm rather drunk right now so please forgive any grammar issues.
so things haven't exactly worked out for my (soon to be ex) wife.
the guy she left me for ended up dumping her right before she was supposed to move across the country to be with him. i didn't know this happened until weeks later, when the guy she was fucking that night decided it would be super funny to start texting me about how he has read all my text messages i've sent her, and how they get a really good laugh out of seeing my pain, it just tinkles them pink. he then tells me i can ask him anything i need to know about why she left me since he knows everything apparently. i didn't response and promptly blocked his and her numbers. she called me 17 fucking times (she blocked her caller id so she could call and it just would say called id unknown) in ten minutes. left me a voicemail saying how sorry she was and she really wanted me to unblock her number and call her. stupidly i did, and he answered and they both laughed. i'm 34 fuckin years old, this is some 8th grade bullshit, and i'm just too old for this shit (riggs)
i didn't talk or respond to anything she had said for weeks after that, then last saturday she calls me at 7am, shit face plastered.
why the fuck my dumbass answered i'll never know, i guess the pathetic loser in me is still hoping for that "i'm sorry i fucked up, i want to work this out" phone call, not to actually work things out (we're beyond that now) but just for the validation of it. anyway, so i answer and she begins to tell me all about her "new life"
apparently now she is a "bitch" to everyone and "tells it like it is" this is a total turn around from the sweetest woman i've ever known, the one who never had anything bad to say about anyone or anything, the one who would so rarely cuss that it would always surprise me when she did. now she cusses like a sailor, it almost hard to listen too. so she goes on to tell me how shes "finding herself" now, and it turns out shes super kinky and does stuff i never got to do with her, with random guys now. she's also been in a 3some now with two guys and wants to bump it up to a 4some with three guys. she goes out to the bars all the time, she even makes the 3 hour drive to the city i am living in now to go out to the bars (its the nearest big city to our home town.) she had to make sure to tell me how exciting it all is and how going out to bars and hooking up with random guys is the greatest thing shes ever done in her life. she also enjoys going to strip clubs now to get lap dances from women. she is even thinking about starting a porn hub account to post porn to.
she goes to work drunk now, she drives drunk now, she has leaned even harder into her eating disorder (eats a protein bar every other day) she has gone and got a huge tattoo on her shoulder and neck (she always hated tattoos, she use to make fun of girls with big ones, and she hates needles) she even bribes sales clerks to sell her liquor after they're legally not allowed to sale it anymore (after certain hour of night.)
she is now going to move across the country (again) this time to a new state for a "fresh start" and she admitted that she lies to everyone about me and her, if they ask she acts like we're still together and says i'm doing good and all that, she said she does this because she doesn't want to be "judged" by people.
she's even cut off all contact with her family who she's always been extremely close with
this all fucking sucks, hell i almost wish she would have got to move with the new guy and have a storybook life with him, i was afraid of that outcome before, but fuck i didn't want her to live this kind of life. i am now so worried about her, i am so worried she's going to completely ruin her life or kill someone else drunk driving, i'm worried about her physical and mental health. i feel like she is having a huge mental break down but she sees it all as super liberating and is adamant that she's never been happier.
oh another kicker, she now lives with the couple in the house directly next to the one we spent the last ten years together in. she literally sleeps 40 feet from the bed we've made love in thousands of times. none of this phases her and none of it makes her miss me according to her, meanwhile i can't even bare to go to my hometown because the memories are just too much to bare.
on my end of things, well somethings are going pretty good, i continue to lose weight, had a friend even buy me a year membership at a gym about 2 minutes from my new place. i'm doing pretty damn good in nursing school, i honestly think i'm doing well because studying and homework and whatnot is my only escape from my non-stop mental anguish. we just had our midterms and i actually tied with one other guy for highest score in class (96%)
i wish i could say doing well is making me feel better, but its not. everyday i miss my wife, or at least the woman she was, every morning i wake up and just ache from the pain of her not being next to me anymore, every night i struggle to get to sleep because she's all that occupies my mind. i couldn't get back together with her now because of all shes said and done but i still miss her for some unknown stupid reason i can't figure out. i still deal with thoughts of suicide and all that but they are getting a lot less frequent at least (don't worry i love my family and friends too much to do that to them)
anyways i'm not sure what else to say. i hate the way she's living, i hate my life without her and i am pretty fuckin miserable 24/7
i wish this god damn pain would just pass already. i am so ready to move on to whatever the next stage of this process is. i am so ready to not be so god damn depressed everyday.
------
i just don't see how a whole book is needed to do what you said. i actually agree with what you think will happen. there will be consequences to jon being resurrected...mental consequences, not physical ones (at least not any serious physical changes...too much "ice preserves" foreshadowing along with jon literally visiting the ice cells and witnessing all the meat staying preserved). he most definitely will share ghost's body after his dies. ghost's name itself is one huge piece of heavy-handed foreshadowing of that happening. jon will be more wolf-like once reborn. no longer will he be the jon that does everything he can to satisfy everyone...he will attack problems the way he sees fit, with wolfish tenacity. there's evidence that fire-wights become hyper-focused on their previous lives' goals... beric's being his guerrilla war against the lannisters in the riverlands and catelyn's final wish being to murder every frey, lannister, or anyone else that wronged houses tully and stark.
so yeah, jon will most definitely have a pov chapter titled ghost. he will be resurrected. he will inherit some of ghost's personality traits. and (i personally hope) he embraces being a skin changer instead of fighting his nature.
the other stark children...i can't say that i really see them all getting a direwolf pov chapter as they die. lady is already dead so that kills it for sansa from the start. summer probably dies fighting others before bran dies (i don't believe the books will be anywhere near similar to the show, the current story arcs simply don't allow for most of it, but i'd bet summer getting killed by the literal physical manifestation of winter is likely. i believe grrm picked the name summer for that reason, similar to how he made jon's wolf silent and white and named ghost). i could see it maybe happening with arya...with her wolf being named after queen nymeria, who was exiled for a time in essos (like arya) then came to westeros with 10,000 ships (could be an allegory for wolfnymeria's growing army of wolves). the only thing i believe doesn't fit completely is queen nymeria never actually fought anyone, she married and formed a westerosi alliance, while arya has already killed. i could have some details wrong though. rickon...i'm not so sure what can be predicted about him considering how little information we have.
as for tlj...i don't wanna get too deep in that conversation lol. (maybe the third act not actually subverting expectations was the actual subversion, though. kind of how grrm has hidden a typical fantasy hero's journey by making supporting characters equally as fleshed out and interesting as the main characters, jon (ice) and dany (fire)).
------
i see some people talk about alternatives to yec ( young earth creationism ), but i feel like without matter where i go, there is no church that publicly adopts this alternative, no radio station that feels willing to discuss, but anything outside of yec in christianity is a " fringe " belief limited to a handful of bloggers and some people on reddit. everyone i meet publicly who is christian is a hardcore journalist and bible literalist. to me, it comes down to one of these being true : 1. there is a worldwide conspiracy between satan and the scientific community, where evidence contrary to the literal interpretation of genesis has been either planted inside my earth by satan, i. e. dinosaur bones, or any evidence of creation is intentionally altered, i. e. carbon dating, or either destroyed, or immediately rejected by the scientific community. 2. the bible doesn't go too deep into detail. occam's razor tells me # 2 makes more sense, but whenever anything scientific is brought up around my christian friends, they all end up leading to # 1, so i have learned to keep my mouth shut. this makes having a community of fellow christians in my life very hard. personally i am fairly new to christianity. i try to make time to pray and study every day, but i feel that nothing can shake how silly # 1 looks, and perhaps stories written and simplified for people 5000 years ago to help people believe in the creator didn't have the intention of also being the basis for understanding the precise nature of the world, i. e. our body is made up of cells, besides no mention of it in the bible, and i don't think satan hacked everyone's microscope to make them believe in cells. i don't try to disrespect anyone or alienate the few christian friends i do close, but it doesn't make it easy to turn to christianity when i can't talk openly about this, as the few times i have broached the subject, i get a shut - down, closed - minded response, or a link to some website that was written in the same style as whack - job ufo conspiracy sites. one family i am friends with provides me a list of " non - theological truths " of what it means to be a christian, part of that is believing in the bible without question ( biblical inerrancy ). does that mean to have questions is not christian? i have mormon and catholic friends who also wouldn't make the cut according to that list, so am i not allowed to call them christians, and must i assume that they are hell - bound? what should i believe? is my soul just being held from heaven by satan because i refuse to believe the science conspiracy? is believing this conspiracy requisite for salvation? i thought it was about accepting jesus christ as my savior. i want to teach my children how to be a good christian while also teaching them how the world works, which is the goal of science. i feel this shouldn't be mutually exclusive, but according to the only christians i know in person, they are. i always feel science is about finding " god's fingerprints, " whereas any christian person i talk to apparently thinks science means " reject god. "
------
> you are completely two - footed on this issue. actually, i would support classifying facebook as something akin to a common carrier, or perhaps creating a legal cause by action for people when wikipedia et al crosses certain lines. i also don't want pc culture to have too much say in these rules, because that might result in a certain loss of fairness like the culture the pc culture was born to fight back against created against them. so you are badly misjudging my position. and i don't hold this position out of any sympathy for your " troll " politics. what comes around goes around, and conservatives are facing the backlash from they themselves dished out. conservatives created the pc culture by creating a no rights environment for those that didn't tow their social ideological positions. right now the conservatives are in danger of the same thing happening to them. it came around, it went about. now conservatives are demanding government protection of their rights from private entities, just like women and blacks did and got labeled a " middle class. " hence, i want fairness even if it's not for me specifically, and you benefit instead. and it's not because i give a rats ass about your politics, or your whining about those sjws violating your rights. it's just ironic, but you confused my ironic humor at your plight for being subjected to the same shit that created the sjws to mean i don't support fairness in facebooks censorship policies that benefits your political ideology. > you are ok with the government punishing people if they write " trolls ", but not ok with the government stepping into a situation where obvious censorship of rational thoughts is taking place? wait, are you saying facebook is government? it's not, and their censorship has nothing to do with government. > it is how it works in a free society. no, not unless facebook is a government organization. in a totally free society and, being a non - governmental entity, is free to censor all they want in their own venue. just like freedom of the press doesn't mean you have to let reporters in your house. it's only government that can violate your rights, not private people who also have those same rights. the same way you can legally put a sign on your door that says " no blacks allowed inside. " then people can legally say your an ass, and your boss just say we don't need you, go home. and that was what was done with minorities, female, black, whatever, and why those rules of free society got changed and granted them the legal status as a " protected class. " > he got fired for trying to be funny, and you idiots lost your shit over nothing and pushed for him to be fired. i didn't push for him to be fired. but the fact remains he wasn't just being funny. that's like saying that walking in a black neighborhood yelling the n word is just being funny. of course he broke no law, because we live in a free country. but to say that because we live in a free country there can't be any consequences for your " legal " actions from other free people in the country is absurd. > pc culture has almost destroyed real engagement in difficult discourse. unfortunately there is a whole lot of truth to that. but the pc culture is no more asinine than the culture that insisted that denying blacks a seat on the front of the bus, or putting gay people in jail for sodomy, or engaging in voter suppression, or demanding they have the right to decide what people can do with their bodies even if it kills them, etc., etc. however, you claim pc culture shuts down real engagement in discourse. what do you think the trolls that think what the coast guard guy is doing was just funny is doing? their not engaging in discourse, they are merely trolling for the lols. and shutting down engagement in discourse is just the biggest lol there is for them. and that's exactly why media companies are using the thinnest excuses to shut them down. not because they are right wing per se. and i have news for you. no matter what government protection you think you can get from facebook censorship it's not going to save the trolls from getting banned. > last point. honestly? we need trolls right now in american politics. pc culture has almost destroyed real engagement in difficult discourse. so what you are saying is that you need a losing strategy because " pc culture. " i've been watching politics since watergate. the backlash effect from this is going to bite back so freaking hard you will not have an ass to shit from. trolls are empowering pc culture like you can't even begin to imagine. hur dur dur, look at those silly libtards freaking out over the " okay " symbol just like we baited them into doing! no. what just happened was it just got turned into a weapon against you, and a tool to radicalize more sjws. because major players don't really give a shit that it was a troll. if they can bend it to further their own agenda then what trolls? those are just racist neo - nazi assholes. just like trolls don't care as long as it furthers their agenda. and you think you won. but you'll know how mistaken you were soon enough. you're just unleashing and radicalizing sjws like never before.
------
> for some advanced human decency this long into a conversation may like to say the following : thank you for holding a conversation and dialogue, if heated, where two distinct opinions are not reduced to name calling drivel. its not an uncommon thing on the web ( but also not the most common ), and by no means should it go unnoticed and unappreciated. thanks, same for you. > please note that was not how it was originally framed. you said, " oh, the article just states " christians ". ". poor wording on my part. i meant this title of the article. how most people in the comment sections would look at the article, as just the title. definitely wrong of me and i'll edit my original post. > your unease is that you feel like you and more over your identity structure is being attacked. that unease would be genuine and should not go unaddressed - you deserve to be heard. what are you talking for? my identity structure isn't being attacked. > taken in full i'd argue that the above is bible bashing and weird. i'm not denying that bible - bashers do exist but that the term isn't neutral and is primarily used as a pejorative term by anti - theists. > again, this all takes place after the first sentence that places its subject firmly on the defenders of the bishop and attackers of ariana grande. and again, i respond, my main issue is with the title and it's vagueness which is designed to be pushed in certain communities ( like this one ) without thorough investigation. > now i want to get to the meat of the conversation ; you feel like atheists are anti - theists and literally such articles like this are attacking you as a christian. i'm not a christian. i'm an atheist. > but to cry and ask about atheists agenda? a group that has been basically targeted by all faiths'and sects'own agendas? that falls on deaf fucking ears, especially today when so much is still motivated by non - secular machinations. i'm not complaining about the fact that atheists have an agenda, i'm complaining about poor articles like this one being used to push it. > all atheists want is a secular world - a world where every little variation of theism has no direct affect on their lives - and that simply is not anti - christian. what that is a just world without presumption. i want the exact same thing. i'm not saying atheism is anti - christian. i'm saying it's a poorly written article with a vague equivocal title that's designed to unfairly stir hostility towards people who don't deserve it. > don't fear it because it wont do a damn thing to you so stop assuming atheists or r / atheism is against you. i'm not fearing a secular world. i want one. i'm not assuming anyone is against me, i just want better written articles that don't promote vague falsities designed so that an echo chamber can lap it up and say the same things over and over again.
------
> you have said that, but not explained why. but i have, many times so. cheating is far easier to do on a pull vs a push, and can have a much more dramatic effect on amount of weight moved. trying to program based off the weight moved on this movement becomes impossible to effectively do, especially as technique can continue to change to match rising in weight which will change what muscles are emphasized along with what planes of movement. analyze a cheat curl or an cheat row, and compare it to a cheat bench. it is a significant difference and training effect. > i merely would consider my training for e. g. bench and rows to be the same ( use the same rep scheme, e. g. 5 / 3 / 1 and 5x10 for both ). why? they are different movements and different muscles : why would they be trained the same? i train my squats differently than i train my presses, because they work and respond differently. the same is true of my abs and my deadlifts. a universal prescription tends to be a poor one. something more precise yields better results. > but i want my height and strength gains between all major muscle groups to be very close to proportional as possible this can very much happen while employing different training. equal training doesn't result in equal growth, because you are training different muscles and movements. 1 bench press doesn't equal 1 bent over row. they aren't mirror opposites, and therefore training them exactly the same doesn't equate balance. balance necessitates paying the special unique attention to the specific groups and planes of movements. >? would you say that applies to all form of pulling movements to some degree? because that, i could accept. i absolutely would say that, which is why trying to employ that programming style to any sort of pulling movement tends to go poorly ( in this case, not considering the deadlift a pulling movement, as it's a hip hinge ). > so using that example you would say that using 5 / 3 / 1 and 5x10 on bent over rows is more prone to errors in form and higher / immeasurable deviation from the target - percentage? absolutely. i've seen it first hand. i've experienced it first hand. > but you say that doing that and specifically watching form represents the best way to get to " sized and strength gains to all major muscle groups to get as close to proportional as possible "? i would not say that, no. > so you decrease intensity as a direct result because otherwise your form would suffer too much? would you say that is less of a problem for a newbie - lifter like me whose bent over row isn't that high to begin with? i would say it's more of a problem, as new lifters tend to have poor body awareness and control. the big thing to take away is that you don't create symmetry by training rows exactly the same way as you train bench. the back is a bigger set of muscles than the pecs, and will respond differently to the training. you're more than likely going to need to throw more volume at the back to get it to balance out with the pressing muscles, which will require a different approach.
------
hello long time lurker here. i've learnt quite a bit and being here and it has given me knowledge to prevent making some stupid mistakes which i see some of the posters here making. so thank you people for that.
me(31) and my husband(35) got together 6 years ago and married 1 year ago. i'm also 18 weeks pregnant with our first child (thanks nexplanon lmao). he's expressed concern of his attraction possibly dwindling when my bump starts coming on. i took no offence to this, i understand, i'm bisexual and i'm not attracted to pregnant women either.
it might sound terrible but i had no plans on ever telling him about this fetish because my ex left me over this. it wasn't messy, it's because it made him feel like that i didn't want him because i was always encouraging him to have sex with other women. in the end he got fed up of it and only wanted to have sex with me, so we stopped it but the damage was already done and we both decided we'd be better off apart.
i saw a post yesterday (that post, along with my pregnancy are what's made me think about coming out with this) of a woman who asked her boyfriend to pity fuck her friend and everyone was crucifying her, accusing her of cheating and all sorts of shit. only a few people mentioned the fact that this could be a fetish for her. i do not want my husband to think this, it's not worth it if he's going to think these sorts of things.
my husband is aggressively monogamous and can be a jealous person. i know this is directly opposite to me but i feel like the fact that i only want him to fuck others and i have no interest in fucking others, it could work. my friends know about my fetish and 2 of them have even volunteered themselves, 1 of these women are 1 of the ones i shared my ex with.
my bump is going to be here before we both know it and i don't want it to kill our sex life, my fetish seems like a perfect solution to this problem. in an ideal world, i'd be watching one of my friends giving him the time of his life while i'm sitting across the room using my vibe on myself.
when i broached this topic with my ex he was all for it because he was a salty dog if i'm being honest. my husband is polar opposite to my ex who didn't equate sex with showing love. my husband is a huge romantic and thinks of sex as an act of love. nobody understands that i genuinely get extreme pleasure from sharing my man. it's a bit like 'you can only fuck who i say, when i say' it's a power thing.
i'm trying to decide if it's worth bringing up and if it is, what would be the best way as to not make him feel that i'm only trying to pimp him out because i don't want him because it's quite the opposite.
------
i was in a thread on this sub when i was reminded of this trip report. the person took a combination of dph and datura in a dark room with another person keeping notes. since it is too long, i will only be posting a section of it. the full trip description can be found here : < url > > objective : > is in romantic and / or sexual contact with se. at first, se is not responsive to communication, including commands. after approximately five minutes, se starts to respond to simple questions, and its ability to reply improves over time. it eventually is able to hold a basic conversation and issue basic commands. this inclination of behavior akin to higher cognitive functioning is particularly intriguing and warrants greater research at a future time. the subject has features typically appropriate for the average human female : somewhat long hair, average mammary size, visible genitals equivalent to a vagina, etc. the subject does not wear any clothing and seems a relatively opaque dark grayish color with a minuscule amount of transparency. > experiment : willingness to follow commands. " c " will represent commands and " r " will represent responses. > c : " walk from the north side of the room towards the south end. " r : se proceeds to travel from one side of the room to an opposing side. c : " walk from the south side of the room towards the north side and end at nnw. " r : se appears to travel from standing position on the south side to the north side while curving appropriately to arrive towards the north - north - west orientation. ( i now need to unfasten my pants and undergarments. in colloquial terms, i " whipped my dick out. " ) c : " walk towards me until you are about two feet away and stand. " r : se walks in my direction and stops approximately 1 foot in front of me, with its front torso facing towards me. c : " very satisfactory. now, stay absolutely motionless, so i may test your corporeality. " r : se does not give affirmation by speech or expression. it obeys command and remains stationary. ( i now kneel down on one knee, and with my index finger and middle finger i attempt to manually penetrate its area resembling with near perfection a vaginal opening, female vulva. my fingers penetrate, and i am able to feel vaginal walls, the tactile sensation resembling wet skin. se makes a vaguely sexual noise upon stimulation. i then remove my fingers and attempt to perform cunnilingus on the subject. there is no taste, and it does not seem to produce any lubricant juices, and no actual lubricants have been used, but still it feels as though it was lubricated. upon entrance of my tongue, it makes a much more sexual noise than before and proceeds to lay its hand upon my shoulder as if to encourage me to continue. i do not oblige. i then proceed to remove my tongue from its orifice and stand up. next, i begin phase two of testing. ) > c : " now, kneel on your knees and grasp my phallus. " r : se complies. it then proceeds to look up at me, as if it were attempting to act seductive or sultry. c : " very good. next, proceed to move your hands up and down my penile shaft. " r : se hesitates, and then complies. ( i can feel stimulation as if it were actually real. strangely, however, at the same time, there appears to be little if any, friction. remember that i have not used any form of lubrication. ) > c : " now, proceed to perform fellatio. " r : se complies.
------
i get you on the quest stuff, and i dont personally mind that style of story telling because i enjoy the stories from vaults and buildings that have content written on the walls or on the terminals that you had to seek out. some of my best memories of previous fallout games were the hidden side quests that required next to no human interaction, and i feel like that is what they want to try out with this game. according to past announcements, 76 isnt starting a new trend for bethesda, it's just something new they want to try from a story perspective while also dabbling in larger scale multiplayer for the first time ever. the video documentary about fallout 76 had some really good discussion about how the team had to go to other devs and approach from a mindset of "how do we even do this?" and their willingness to try something new has me as excited as i am for a future fallout 5 announcement. yes, they really want to drive the whole "player meets player" story interactions for this game specifically. i personally love that because some of my greatest gaming memories and some of my best friends online were from randomly interacting/goofing/being stupid with some dude i met 5 minutes ago in a game, so i encourage that. i get that that isnt everybody's thing though and i still want people to realize this game can be done 100% solo as long as you dont mind randomly seeing someone or getting hunted down by some dude who likes to murder.... that would get annoying.
but, bethesda doesnt want to encourage open/constant pvp and the system so far (as they have explained) tries to punish serial killers and other troll like players. it actually makes the troll a quest or an objective that you can ignore. also, the only thing you lose on death is your junk/scrap tab. so metal, wood, screws, glue, etc are all possible drops from any sort of death. if you died to a snagglegaster and i walked by with a stealthboy, i could loot your junk and move on. if i have 3 other dudes and we see you fighting a giant sloth, we can help you kill it. then maybe i decide to shoot you in the head... well a bounty gets put out on me but my friends are fine because they didnt harm you. but if all four of us shoot you, then we all get punished and lose caps when we die. its not so much as a duel in traditional "menu to accept duel" like in borderlands but rather "he shot you and you took damage, you wont be punished for fighting back" mechanic. does that make sense? (i love discussing this stuff)
------
last sunday, a friend and i went to a semi-posh restaurant and had already decided that we'll go dutch (we've known each other since 7th grade and that's how we've been doing it since then so it wasn't anything new).
i order my food and my friend orders hers + a <cur>126 bottle of wine (which she didn't even finish). she offers me some and i politely decline as i've been trying to drink less and if i start drinking it's hard for me to stop until i'm drunk so i'm trying to not drink at all.i pay for what i ordered, she pay for what she ordered.on tuesday morning i get a payment request on venmo for <cur>65 from my friend. i promptly message her and this is a short version of how it went (comes out kinda weird in english as we mostly talk in italian):
>me: - hey, did you send me the payment request by mistake?
>
>her: no no
>
>me: ...ok. what is it for?
>
>her: the wine on sunday. i ordered a bottle for the both of us, remember?
>
>me: idk if you're just messing around but you know it was just for you and i didn't even try it
>
>her: no, it was a bottle and bottles are meant to be paid by everyone at the table (?????)
>
>me: no, i'm not paying more than i paid for my food for some wine i didn't even drink
>
>her: \*swearing in italian\* stop being stingy and just pay. i don't want to end our friendship over something so petty
>
>me: \*more swearing in italian\* do you realise how unreasonable you're being??
>
>her: i can't be friends with someone so cheap who doesn't get basic dinner etiquette (??)
i haven't replied to her since because i honestly don't know what to say.
we've been getting separate bills since we've known each other and its never been a problem but out of a sudden i'm expected to pay half of something i didn't order or drink?also, we're both students and <cur>65 is just a tad short of what i'd spend in two weeks for groceries and i can't ask my parents for more money because for some reason my friend decided that i'm supposed to pay for her wine.
am i the asshole for refusing to pay?
edit:
i'd like to clear a few things.
i haven't been drinking since july and my friend knows that.
i didn't tell her which wine to get. it was all her choice. it would be stupid of me to tell her what to get when i know i'm not even going to try it.
i don't know if her fiance is pressuring her but i'm almost sure they have a joint bank account so maybe he asked her why her bill was so high... idk. i'm just assuming. i should stop doing that.
by going dutch i mean that we got separate bills so i don't know what took over her that she suddenly demanded that i pay half of her wine.
------
mike rowe of dirty jobs fame wrote this yesterday. " " we're going to do something. " you've been very quiet about the kaepernick pr disaster at nike. any thoughts? - sam wilder hi sam. nike's free to celebrate whomever they wish, and kaepernick is entitled to an opinion - kneeling, standing, or lying down. but if i was going to put someone's face on a billboard - someone who epitomized bravery and sacrifice - i might have said another way, especially this time of year. i might have gone on this guy - tom burnett. tommy's last act on earth was one of the most courageous things imaginable. and his last words to his wife, deena, are among the most inspiring i've ever heard. their exact words appear at the top of this page, and the bottom. they were spoken seventeen years ago, under conditions i hope to never experience. i'll never forget tom's last words. i hope you won't either. transcript of tom's last calls to deena 6 : 27 a. m. ( pacific time ) first cell phone call from tom to deena deena : hello tom : deena deena : tom, are you o. k.? tom : no, i'm not. i'm on an airplane that has been hijacked. deena : yeah? tom : yes, they just knifed a guy. deena : a passenger? tom : yes. deena : where are you? are you in the air? tom : yes, yes, just listen. our airplane has been hijacked. it's united flight 93 from newark to san francisco. we are in the air. the hijackers have already knifed a guy, one of them has a gun, some are telling us there is a bomb on board, please call the authorities. he hung up. 6 : 31 deena calls 911 6 : 34 the phone rang in on call waiting, tom's second cell phone call. deena : hello tom : they're in the cockpit. the guy they knifed is dead. deena : he's dead? tom : yes. i tried to help him, but she couldn't get a pulse. deena : tom, they were hijacking planes all up and down the east coast. they are taking them and hitting designated targets . they've already hit both towers of the world trade center. tom : they're talking about crashing this plane. ( a pause ) oh my god. it's a suicide mission... ( he then tells people sitting around him ) deena : who are you talking to? tom : my seatmate. do you know which airline is involved? deena : no, they don't know if they're commercial airlines or not. the newsreporters are speculating cargo planes, private planes and commercial. no one knows. tom : how many planes are there? deena : they're not sure, at least three. maybe more. tom : o. k.... o. k.... do you know who is involved? deena : no. tom : we're turning back toward new york. we're going back to the world trade center. no, wait, we're turning back the other way. we're going south. deena : what do you see? tom : just a minute, i'm looking. i don't see anything, we're over a rural area. it's just fields. i've gotta go. 6 : 45 a. m. third cell phone call from tom to deena tom : deena deena : tom, you're o. k. ( i thought at this point he had just survived the pentagon plane crash ). tom : no, i'm not. deena : they just hit the pentagon. tom : ( tells people sitting around him " they just hit the pentagon. " ) tom : o. k.... o. k. what else can you tell me? deena : they think five airplanes have been hijacked. one is still on the ground. they believe all of them are commercial planes. i haven't heard them say which airline, but all of them have originated on the east coast. tom : do you know who is involved? deena : no tom : what is the probability of their having a bomb on board? i don't think they have one. i think they're just telling us that for crowd control. deena : a plane can survive a bomb if it's in the right place. tom : did you call the authorities? deena : yes, they didn't know anything about your plane. tom : they're talking about crashing this plane into the ground. we have to do something. i'm putting a plan together. deena : who's helping you? tom : different people. several people. there's a group of us. don't worry. i'll call you back. 6 : 54 a. m. fourth cell phone call to tom to deena deena : tom? tom : hi. anything new? deena : no tom : where are the kids? deena : they're fine. they're sitting at the table having breakfast. they're asking to talk to you. tom : tell them i'll talk to them later. deena : i called your parents. they know your plane has been hijacked. tom : oh... you shouldn't have worried them. how are they doing? deena : they're o. k.. mary and martha are with them. tom : good. ( a long quiet pause ) tom : we're waiting until we're over a rural area. we're going to take back the airplane. deena : no! sit down, be still, be quiet, and don't draw attention to yourself! ( the exact words taught to me by delta airlines flight attendant training ). tom : deena! if they're going to crash this plane into the ground, we're going to have do something! deena : what about the authorities? tom : we can't wait for the authorities. i don't know what they could do anyway. it's up to us. i think we can do it. deena : what do you want me to do? tom : pray, deena, just pray. ( after a long pause ) deena : i love you. tom : don't worry, we're going to do something... "
------
> except you couldn't give her space, talked about her sex life like you knew it better than she did, had a bunch of misplaced anger about her online dating profiles, and picked a fight with hank who just so happened to be dating her.
your concept of time for all this is out of whack and your facts are wrong. my not giving her space was after two months of an unresolved conflict because of my anxiety over the situation. i messed up on that part and i own up to it.
i did not speak of her sex life as if i knew it better than her. she complained to me that dating for her was hard because she refuses to have sex before marriage and that is all i ever spoke of in regards to her sex life and it was an accidental slip on my part at that.
i have never been angry about her online dating profiles except in seeing that hank had replaced me.
hank has never dated her!!! he asked her to hang out which was a date to him but to her it was just two friends hanging out. i talked to her about it specifically because that happened over a year ago and over 6 months before the falling out.
> she did. she likes hank. end of story.
no. she specifically said she only saw us both as friends which is fine. even if she did decide she liked hank, i would've supported her even if i disapproved.
> sooo.... you knew information about hank all along, but so far have only shared it with mia in order to prevent her from being with him? it almost sounds like you did the exact same thing hank did when he told ben about larry and pam....
no. i only told her what i did when she asked. she texted me saying he wanted to play a "game of questions" so i told her about how he bragged about using questions to get pam to fall in love with him. that was actually the only thing i ever did tell her about him.
> you don't get to decide other people's dealbreakers.
i agree i don't but that was the dealbreaker she laid out and knowing hank, tom and i agreed that it would also be a dealbreaker for him in the other direction. this is a guy that flew halfway across the country to sleep with a girl he had been talking to online.
> "she didn't discover anything" ... "she listened to her friends who were saying exactly the same things as you"... so... she discovered that you still had feelings for her and were trying to sabotage things with hank. exactly what i said. got it.
where did you even pull that second quote because i didn't say it. i've said it before and i'll say it again: i did not still have feelings for her and i wasn't trying to sabotage things with hank because there wasn't anything between her and hank. he even told me a month after her and i had mended things that he was over her because he realized she was selfish after she invited him to coffee to let him vent because she had been doing it so much to him but when they got there she started venting about her shit again.
> yep. still not making sense. still not taking responsibility.
how? one week we had an honest discussion after she snapped about it, i made it clear that i was over what i felt which she was glad to hear, and we made plans for the next week to go do something to destress because work, life, and money were all getting to her. she canceled after a family member took deadly ill. i gave her some space but something seemed off and when i asked she said she hadn't been communicating things with me like she should have. we agreed that a couple weeks apart might be best because i had been associated with all her stress.
> so... she stopped spending time with you or talking to you. yep. that would be the same thing as "stopped being friends with you".
no. she gave me the silent treatment as she got over the anger that she apparently felt towards me after my simple observation. as for that observation, we still hung out regularly but any notion of something like a movie night at her place or mine was dismissed.
> right up until she wanted to get a restraining order against you. sure dude.
the threat was over 3 months after that and over a month after she said she was done being friends, something i have always respected.
> except that no, not really at all.
yes, yes it is.
------
edit 1 : the points i am making is that ariel is not pressing a controversial figure in mma for reasons unknown. the answer behind the post title is obviously yes to a degree, but how far down does it extend? other journalists / other managers? i will leave you with a quote from the most famous philosopher of our time. jason brah - " look into it " so, a few thoughts after reading lots of karim zidan and mike russell ( links at the bottom to both ), one thing that came out in the wash was the possibility that ali may have been the major source of ariel helwani constantly cited and got many major scoops from. ariel interviewed me many times and was very much aware of the work of karim and mike russell but he really didn't press any of the key issues here. with ali recently calling ariel the " jerry springer of mma " and getting a touchy response back with " yeah, this is rich " this could to some extent imply that ali was implicated in much of the manufactured mma drama that ariel works so well with. a few things of note : a. ali has the largest roster out of any manager in the ufc, subsequently gaining access to content / information. b. ariel has historically been happy enough to push dana white ( and others ) extremely hard in interviews who is possibly the most volatile person he could touch in their chosen profession. there is no reason he shouldn't dig deep on ali, there is the threat of being black - listed from fighters promoted by ali, but dana can do much more damage and has in the past ( banning ariel from events / refusing future interviews / kicking out the mma fighting staff from a professional event ) b. dana went on witch hunt in the ufc leaking false information trying to find the source. however in theory it's possible that ali had much of this info available either first or second hand. source for the leak below. ( [ < url > ] ( < url > ) ) c. mike russel retweeted this recently [ < url > ] ( < url > ) " " it's wild how when ariel brought up ali's past in a passing glancing way in his last in studio interview, he totally didn't press out on any of the issues. he also didn't state the controversial nature of ali's history. so annoying " my point is, if the above is true or even partially true ( eg. ali was a regular source, maybe not a primary source ) then i wonder if ariel will be able to still get the same scoops he seemingly pulled out nowhere previously. for a while he was the nostradamus of mma, predicting things, dana would deny then a few days later it would eventuate. as as sidenote if you have the time, go read some work by karim zidan and mike russel, they are doing what appears to be a thankless job and are getting a lot off flack ( mike especially, check his twitter ). much of it is really the tip of the iceberg and ali is a small portion of their content, but holy shit some of it is real intriguing. [ < url > ] ( < url > ) [ < url > ] ( < url > )
------
absolutely true. i actually started writing about this, but it was running longer than my original comment.
alcohol has one of the [worst safety margins of any recreational drugs. ](<url>) there are many methodologies to estimate this, but in general the therapeutic index is [the ratio of the toxic dose over the therapeutic (or recreational) dose. ](<url>) toxicity is generally estimated as lethality in 1% of the population.
alcohol, heroin, cocain, and nicotine come in <=10. most drugs are 10-100. thc/lsd are around 1000. higher is safer (lol). the small ratio strongly implies that toxic effects (i.e. sleep impairment) have already started by the time you start feeling any effect. definitely by the time you've got a buzz going.
on a population level (availability vs. toxicity), alcohol is the [most dangerous recreational drug](<url>) by an order of magnitude. but i'm not going to try to nanny redit. a glass of wine 1-2x a week is likely cool for most people who would follow conservative medical advice on reddit. as a public service, i will provide the best scientific evidence available from a quick check of the primary biomedical literature:
___
alcohol clin exp res. 2013 apr;37(4):539-49. doi: 10.1111/acer.12006. epub 2013
jan 24.
[alcohol and sleep i: effects on normal sleep.](<url>)
ebrahim io(1), shapiro cm, williams aj, fenwick pb.
author information:
(1)london sleep centre-neuropsychiatry, london, united kingdom.
<email>
this review provides a qualitative assessment of all known scientific studies on
the impact of alcohol ingestion on nocturnal sleep in healthy volunteers. at all
dosages, alcohol causes a reduction in sleep onset latency, a more consolidated
first half sleep and an increase in sleep disruption in the second half of sleep.
the effects on rapid eye movement (rem) sleep in the first half of sleep appear
to be dose related with low and moderate doses showing no clear trend on rem
sleep in the first half of the night whereas at high doses, rem sleep reduction
in the first part of sleep is significant. total night rem sleep percentage is
decreased in the majority of studies at moderate and high doses with no clear
trend apparent at low doses. the onset of the first rem sleep period is
significantly delayed at all doses and appears to be the most recognizable effect
of alcohol on rem sleep followed by the reduction in total night rem sleep. the
majority of studies, across dose, age and gender, confirm an increase in slow
wave sleep (sws) in the first half of the night relative to baseline values. the
impact of alcohol on sws in the first half of night appears to be more robust
than the effect on rem sleep and does not appear to be an epiphenomenon rem sleep
reduction. total night sws is increased at high alcohol doses across gender and
age groups.
copyright  2013 by the research society on alcoholism.
doi: 10.1111/acer.12006
pmid: 23347102 [indexed for medline]
------
( my original post is [ here ] ( < url > ) ) i have no idea where to start with the events that have occurred within the past 11 hours since i last posted. i am still shaken up and this is hard to process. my bf finally messaged me back a few hours after i requested him to meet up with me. he agreed to meet me at his apartment. i made sure that i was going to talk to his dad before him so he could help me find the correct course of action for my bf. well i met with the bf ( we will call him now ). i was so scared after talking to x that i was shaking. my voice was unsteady and i had tears in my eyes when i walked in. i had no idea where to begin. x looked concerned so he sat us down across from each other. i told x that i believe a son has been sexually abused for 12 years now. of course, x was taken aback. i started to tell him about what me bf told me. that's when x started to be more and more puzzled. he stopped me while telling the story i knew about my bf and his mother. x told me that there's no way this is completely true. when he says this i start getting confused as well. x tells me that my bfs mother died in a car accident when he was 8. x either remarried or had a gf. at this point i am dumbfounded and i have no idea what to say. x tells me that he didn'l think my bfs mother was sexually abusive while she was alive or why my bf would even tell me this. x also tells me that he have no idea who " mom " might be on his phone. i take a few minutes to calm down and recover before i head over to my bf's apartment. the drive was only 10ish minutes from x's house to my bf's. i took this time to process what x told me and what i would say to my bf. when i got to the apartment i promptly went inside. i demanded answers immediately. i asked the truth about his mother, the messages i saw, and if they've really been having sex since he was 13. of course he apologized again and gave me the same story but it made me angry. this is where i lost my cool. i yelled and told him that x told me that his biological mother had been dead for almost 11 years. i told him i knew there was no way the story he told me was true because his mother passed when he was 8 years old. my bf became silent and looked down. at this point i was crying uncontrollably. i felt so bad for what happened and i wanted to get him therapy. i was willing to forgive him for keeping the secret from me. my bf was silent for a few minutes then finally spoke to me. he told me he made the whole story up. the contact he had as " mom " was an ex girlfriend he regularly hooked up with. she was 20 and a bartender in our city. he put her name as mom so i wouldn't get suspicious that he was talking to another woman so often. he didn't think i would find out so he fabricated the whole story up. this way, i wouldn't be mad at him. he told me he figured i would feel sorry for him and stay with him. i felt so betrayed when he confessed this. in past few days i went from having a healthy relationship to thinking my bf had been sexually abused by his mother then to find out it was all a lie just because he didn't want me to know he was sleeping with this ex. he tried to justify it further, telling me it was meaningless and he only loved me. i told my bf that i want nothing to do with him and left. he tried to follow and plead with me but i ignored him. i drove home, threw out all everything he gave me, and blocked him ( once again. ) i cannot believe he lied about something so major just to protect himself. i haven't stopped crying since i left his apartment. i'm so hurt and now i don't know what to do. i no longer want him in my life. i'm considering moving towns so he can't find me. he has gotten online and used a fake number to try and get ahold of me to apologize. i need to clear my head and try to take everything in. i will turn off my phone and computer for a while so he can't try to contact me again. [ update : ] so my now ex - bf came to my apartment and started banging on the door, begging to be let in so we could talk. at this point i have turned all the lights off. i am being quiet so he will hopefully leave. i know he can see my car out front so it's obvious that i am here still. i want to call the cops but i am not sure there's much they can do. i'm thinking about going back to live with my parents until this blows over with him. i am also considering talking to his ex that he was hooking up with. i got her full name and where she works. i will keep updates as i learn more about my ex - bf. [ update # 2 : ] i am having a lot of people send me messages so thank you for the kind words! i can't reply to everyone's messages so at the bottom of the comments i added some additional commentary on everyone's suspicions. please read it to answer any questions if you're still unsure. please note that there are some personal details i left out in order to keep privacy! ( ex. how his mother died ) there's a reason he didn't talk about it. - for those who have questions, i made a [ comment ] ( < url > ) on this post to help clarify some details and give a final update -
------
it is not currently produced in russian chemical factories, that claim has been debunked a very long time ago ; it was from a statement boris johnson made then turned out to be completely unsubstantiated. > in recent years, there has been much speculation that a fourth generation of nerve agents,'novichoks'( newcomer ), was developed in russia, beginning in the 1970s as part of the'foliant'programme, with the aim of finding agents that would compromise defensive countermeasures. information on these compounds has been sparse in the public domain, mostly originating from a senior russian analytical chemist, vil mirzayanov. no independent confirmation of the structures or the properties of such compounds has been published. ( black, 2016 ) - - - > one should be mindful that the chemical components or precursors of a - 232 or its binary version novichok - 5 are ordinary organophosphates that can be made at commercial chemical companies that manufacture such products as fertilizers and pesticides. - - - < url > - - - < url > - - - < url > > british prime minister theresa may says that because it was russia that developed novichok agents, it is " highly likely " that russia either attacked the skripals itself, or transferred control of its novichok to someone else who did. but other countries legally created novichok for testing purposes after its name was revealed in 1992 > " novichoks were only produced in any sizeable quantities in the soviet union, " says zanders. but after mirzayanov's revelations, western defence labs made small amounts - legal under the treaty, partly so the agents can be identified in situations like salisbury. in 2016, iranian chemists even published a method for doing so. this defected russian spy was already imprisoned in russia for years for his defection. explain to me why the russian government would wait for skripal to enter foreign soil before assassinating him when they had all the time in the world to do it and could have swept it under the rug quite easily if they did it on russian soil. also, yulia skripal has stated she hopes to return to germany. if russia's culpability were as cut and dry as the uk makes it out to be, is yulia a suicidal imbecile for wanting to go back into the domain of her supposed assassins? or does this case just not what it seems? so there is no sufficient motive, no sufficient evidence and most definitely no sufficient ground to indict russia on the basis of a state - sanctioned assassination. what remains is that the uk has found two men who entered the uk under russian pseudonyms ( so fake identities ), who then very quickly left again. that's it. amazing investigation by the uk, totally does not reek of false flagging and propaganda.
------
> why would an omnipotent and omniscient god create a universe which is bound by a set of universal laws, only to consistently violate them in order to achieve his purposes? god does violate consistently violate the universal laws ( or else prayer would be useless ). from his perspective, he violates the laws all the time. either way, he could have just set up the laws differently, so he didn't have to violate them. > sort of like when i play a video game and start accessing the console commands in order to get the outcome i want where if i just knew how to play the game better, i could usually get the outcome i wanted by simply playing better. well, i'm glad billions of people will burn in burning so god could enjoy his video game. i'm not sure how you meant this analogy to be. is using the console supposed to represent god altering physical dimensions to accomplish his goals? that doesn't make sense ; he uses the console ( performs miracles ) anyway. even making the universe was a miracle. without the console, he wouldn't have a game to play. what outcome does he want? if it doesn't involve " absolutely zero beings in perpetual conscious agony, " he's worthless. if the god you worship wants me to burn so he his game of the sims can be a fraction more amusing, he's not omnibenevolent. > is there a logically sound reason why any number in the set of all real numbers ( even just integers ) would show up on a piece of paper in a specific circumstance? you'ave reading too much into this. that was an intentionally absurd example to prove that infinite odds are possible, since that seemed to be a cornerstone of your argument. now you're moving the goalposts by saying god also has to abide by physical laws ( which would come as a massive shock to anyone who witnessed a biblical miracle, and to anyone in my church, for that matter ). if he can't do miracles, he's not a god, he're just a dude. > this was in response to me suggesting the god could ignore most variables for objects beyond our solar system. you said, if he planned human history to involve interstellar distances, he wouldn't have to ignore them. my point was, why sentence him to planning over in - system distances? if it would save a single soul from eternal torture , then of course he should plan in arbitrarily extensive reach and precision. that said, i don't think that's necessary, but since you have an interesting idea of god, i'm trying to work with you here. > but there are plenty of people who have believed in god who have been victims of torture or other terrible things in which those " angels " would be perpetrating. there are two options here. 1 ). don't instantiate those people. this solves the problem of angels torturing sentient beings. you might claim it would reduce the total potential number of people saved, but that's not a problem ; if god wants volume, he can just spin off another, slightly different universe. 2 ). this one is more monstrous, but you could still instantiate any torture victim that would freely choose to believe. angels have killed children before. i think you severely overestimate their reluctance to commit atrocities.
------
[the knot](<url>)
>if a couple is married, engaged, living together or in a long-term, committed relationship there's no question about it--you have to invite their partner.
[the knot](<url>)
>any couples who are engaged, live together or who have been dating over a year should get a plus-one.
[vogue](<url>)
>as a rule of thumb, amber harrison, the head of weddings at shutterfly, says only married, engaged, and "serious" couples (say, they're living together or have been together for a year or more) receive a plus-one.
[brides](<url>)
>while married, engaged or cohabiting couples should be invited as a pair, keel says, a couple must consider their next-level plus-one allowances for guests whose groupings aren't so clear.
[bustle](<url>)
>but please avoid asking for a plus-one at all costs...unless you think they may have made a mistake -- like if you're engaged or in a long-term relationship
[huffington post](<url>)
>married, engaged, or living together couples still need to be invited as a pair no matter what your relationship is with the significant other.
[woman getting married](<url>)
>given those general rules, in my opinion it would be rude to not invite a friend's serious boyfriend or girlfriend.
[martha stewart](<url>)
>once people have publicly declared their social status--by marrying, getting engaged, or moving in together--they should be invited as a unit. include spouses, fiances, and live-in partners on your invitations.
[who what wear](<url>)
>ideally, a wedding invitation will explicitly state that you are invited "with guest". but if you are married, engaged, or in an otherwise openly committed relationship, according to etiquette maven emily post, it's okay to assume your partner may attend the festivities with you.
[bridal guide](<url>)
>regarding "plus ones," the general rule is that couples who are married, engaged, or living together must be invited together, even if you haven't met your friend's significant other.
[a practical wedding](<url>)
>etiquette says your boyfriend should have gotten an invite since the two of you are long-term and in a serious relationship.
[bbc](<url>)
>now, while there is no generally accepted rule, if the guest is married or in an established, long-term relationship, his or her other half should be invited.
[town and country](<url>)
>brides and grooms should be aware that spouses, fiance(e)s and live-in romantic partners (no matter the sex) must be invited with your guests; boyfriends and girlfriends who don't reside together don't need to be.
so, that wasn't cherry picked in any way. i literally took every google result in a row that said something about who gets a +1 to a wedding and included the relevant blurb. the question of "you didn't get the +1, should you ask or don't ask?" is not clear-cut, but this is. so i'm not going to let someone call me childish, whiny, and classless over something that they are completely wrong about.
------
>a graphic card doesn't go down or need to get replaced often. you easily get 5-7 years out of it, maybe more, which is more than a console will get you until it's outdated.
xbox 360 release date: november 22, 2005
xbox one release date: november 22, 2013
that's 8 years... try again.
>also, we're on a game subreddit so no one is talking about the random casual players that buy 2 games a year.
<cur>23.5 billion in gaming sales in 2015. "casual" gamers are the main audience. they are what drive the gaming industry. call of duty? destiny franchise? halo franchise? madden? fallout? those are all big buys for the casual market and far outweigh many smaller critically acclaimed titles. even ones i love like nier automata and deliverance kingdom come cannot touch or fathom what those titles up there pull in. why? casual market has bigger gross buying power than the small group of hardcore gamers. madden is a billion dollar franchise, fifa is a billion dollar franchise. crusader kings? total war? dota 2? counter strike? not so much.
>we're talking about people who play game regularly
yes, we are. casuals play games a lot, they just purchase fewer. why do they need 3 shooters? they choose cod, destiny or battlefield. they dont want all 3. thats too much for a dad with a wife and kid to waste money on. why do you think publishers are pushing hard on mtx? those casual markets wont buy <cur>200 worth of different games, but they will spend an extra <cur>100 on a <cur>60 game they really like.
>in which case there's no argument to be made that you'll save a lot of money on pc.
pc isnt always as convenient. for my house it isnt. my gaming tv is in my living room, my pc and other tv are downstairs. id rather sit upstairs with my wife and play without dealing with cleaning out my pc or currently upgrading my graphics card. consoles are a casuals preferred platform for a reason.
>my whole steam library is around 110 games and cost me 200-250 bucks.
cool bruh. mine is somewhere around that too, but i still buy far more games on the xbox/nintendo store because its convenient. of those 110 games, how many are pc dedicated as in are not in console stores? likely if even half of those are on there exclusively it wouldnt get on the radar for a casual gamer. thats just a fact.
>sales and bundles are just way too good on pc, and you don't have to pay for online.
consoles noticed. sony's flash sales, xbox pushing hard on games pass and pushing better with sales and nintendo, immune to pc anything really, pushing hard for indie titles and having weekly or bi-weekly sales regularly with good titles involved. pc isnt the only salesman in the game nowadays.
------
mark 13 : 32, rs : " of that day or that hour no ones knows, not even the angels in heaven, nor the son, but rather the father. " ( of course, that would not be the case if father, son, and holy spirit were coequal, comprising one godhead. and if, as some suggest, the son was limited by his true nature from knowing, the question remains, why did the holy spirit not know? ) matt. 17 : 20 - 23, rs : " the mother of the sons of zebedee... said to him [ jesus ], '... that these two sons of mine may sit, one at your right hand and one at your left, in your kingdom.'but jesus answered,...'you will drink my cup, but to sit at my right hand is at my left is not mine to grant, but it is for those for whom it has been prepared by my father.'" ( how strange, if, as claimed, jesus is god! was jesus here merely answering according to his " human nature "? if, as trinitarians say, jesus was truly " god - man " - - both god and son, not one or the other - - would it truly be consistent to resort to such an explanation? does not matthew 20 : 23 rather show that the son is not equal to the father, that the father has reserved some prerogatives for himself? ) matt. 12 : 31, 32, rs : " every sin and blasphemy will be forgiven men, but the blasphemy against the spirit will not be forgiven. and whoever says a word against the son of man will be forgiven ; but whoever speaks against the holy spirit will not be forgiven, either in this age or in the age to come. " ( if the holy spirit were a person and were god, this text would flatly refuse the trinity doctrine, because it would demonstrate something in some way the holy spirit was greater than the son. instead, what jesus said shows that the father, to whom the " spirit " belonged, is greater than jesus, the son of man. ) john 14 : 28, rs : " [ jesus said : ] if you loved me, you would have rejoiced, because i go to the father ; for the father is greater than i. " i cor. 11 : 3, rs : " i want you to understand that the head of every man is christ, the head of a woman is her husband, and the head of christ is god. " ( clearly, then, christ is not god, and god is of superior rank to christ. it should be noted that this was written about 55 c. e., some 22 years after jesus returned to heaven. so the truth here stated applies to the relationship between god and christ in heaven. ) 1 cor. 15 : 27, 28 rs : "'god has put all things in subjection under his [ jesus'] feet.'but when it says,'all things are put in subjection under him,'it is plain that he is excepted who put all things under him. when all things are subjected to him, then the son himself will also be subjected to him who put all things under him, that god may be everything to every one. " the hebrew word shad * dai'and the greek word pan * to * kra'tor are both translated " almighty. " both original - language words are repeatedly applied to jehovah, the father. ( ex. 6 : 3 ; rev. 19 : 6 ) neither expression is ever applied to either the son or the holy spirit.
------
> she cannot remember basic details of the event. no, she remembers details consistent with what would be expected from someone who experienced a traumatic event years ago. have you ever experienced trauma? do you not know vivid recollections of certain aspects of the event, and everything else is a blur? > she met with a democratic lawyer six days after kavanaugh was nominated to'assess her memories'; at which point she then accused him. false, she accused him prior to his nomination, it just wasn't public. she contacted her state rep before that when he was on the shortlist. as for assessing her memories, her testimony today seemed consistent with someone who has a core set of vivid memories from which she can leverage other reasonable information to infer other information, and she was clear about what she did and didn't remember clearly. > she is still not 100 % sure it was him false, as her testimony today indicated. > all four witness that she gave denied her story could you please elaborate on this? > kavanaugh has calendars from those years that corroborate his account ok. i suppose the follow up would note, are their other impromptu events in which he participated which are also not listed on the calendar. i think this is credible to the extent that his use of said calendar can be shown to be a meticulous account of all of his activities, and an impromptu event * * not * * being on his calendar would be indicative of him not being there. > kavanaugh is apparently willing to go on public tv with him wife as defend himself, have her defend him, and admit that he was a virgin during the entirety of my allegation period ok. > ford's refusal to testify under oath false, i just watched her testify under oath. > feinstein allegedly sitting on this story for months a legitimate gripe to take up with the democrats. there could be two true things here : ( 1 ) brett kavanaugh attacked dr. ford as described, and ( 2 ) the democrats ( not dr. ford ) are using this accusation for maximum political impact. they are not mutually exclusive. my mother, who is a trump supporter, told me last night that "... even if brett kavanaugh was a chain gang, serial rapist when he was in high school... i feel confident that he will be an honorable supreme court judge. "... i honestly think that's the mindset of many who still support his nomination. it's just not a narrative that people can talk about freely and openly because it wouldn't sit right with many people. it's better to call dr. ford a liar in not so many words.
------
i've written essays on why, but obviously you will want me to terse. for starters, the stark family's undoing was because of the twin's actions and ned was beheaded by cersei's son which further shattered the stark family. arya remembers both her father's beheading and the red match and ned's description fits perfectly with the father in the faith of the seven, who is sought to for justice and " divine justice " in her show. if you look at who killed those who betrayed ned ( and the books predicts the sansa killing littlefinger ) you see ned's children killing janos, littlefinger, and eventually cersei. grrm has stated lotr is his great model for most of the series, and jon is taken after aragorn. similarly, ice takes after narsil and is demonstrably going to be lightbringer reforged from oathkeeper and willow's wail. ( just ask and i'll provide three book quotes to prove it to you ). in tolkien's letters he said only the broken blade narsil represented the line of the kings of gondor. when it became reforged, they represented the return of the king and the restoration of the line of gondor. similarly, ice was broken around the time of the red wedding ( right before in the books and right after in the show ) which is where the last starks where assumed to be killed ( sansa was a lannister by this time ). [ you can see the show depicting this idea in the season 4 opener, as opening scenes are always the most important ] ( < url > ). the second forging of lightbringer is the heart of a captured lion and arya is going to give cersei the gift of mercy with widow's wail as jaime ( which has yet been confirmed to jaime in the books ). after arya gives cersei the gift of mercy with widow's wail ( stick them with the pointy end so the hound tells arya where the heart is ), the greatsword will be reforged into one. arya named her sword " needle " after her stitch work. arya being part of the second forging of lightbringer is sort of her " stitching " the blades tightly together afterwards. arya being part of the second forging is reflected in the very first two paragraphs in her very first chapter in the very first book : > arya's stitches were crooked again. > she frowned down at them with dismay and glanced over to where her sister sansa sat among the other girls. sansa's needlework was exquisite. everyone said so. " sansa's work is as pretty as she is, " septa mordane told their lady mother once. " she has such fine, delicate hands. " when lady catelyn had asked about arya, the septa had sniffed. " * * arya has the hands of a blacksmith. * * " > - arya i agot you can read about all of this in - depth here. it'll answer your questions like why reforge two perfectly good swords into one : < url >
------
i was shocked today, a friend of mine was over. no idea he supported trump.. i mean fuck, this is australia i had no idea there were any.. like literally, hes the first person i know of connected to me via six degrees of separation that does. trump supporters are an abstract concept here, delusions beamed across the gogglebox.
he saw some random anti-trump image on my reddit feed, all he said was, paraphrasing... "he's done like 3 or 4 things that he set out to do in his time as president, more than any other recent presidents. how come no one is talking about that?"
i literally froze and just couldn't say anything at all.. the main thing i was thinking was, "where on earth, how on earth did he find this echo chamber?" i've never heard a single positive word spoken about him.. "if trump actually has done something good, how did you hear about it?"
it's been like 12 hours and i'm still quite shocked. i mean i know he's not the brightest bulb and is easily led. he's currently down the conspiracy theory rabbithole and seriously asked me what i thought about 'flat earth'.. that wasn't a shock, out of morbid curiousity i've watched a bunch of flat earther stuff and some of it is very well presented. i watched one a solid 30 minutes in before it went from perfectly reasonable conclusions from observable data to jet-flame on the meth-bulb. so i said, i've only ever observed the planet from this terrestrial perspective, i can't say for sure the earth isn't flat. even were i to discover it is, how does this revelation change my life? i'm far more concerned about the global super-elite controlling automation as human-redundancy is dawning than if they have been hiding untold lands beyond antarctica.
at least i understand the draw of conspiracy theories. i mean they're somewhat less appealing nowadays that these 'hidden spooky forces that control everything' have gotten so bold that they don't even really try to cover their tracks. public discourse is now just feigned with 90 seconds of propaganda, as i guess the sub-80 iq demographic is far more problematic than the super super-120 iq demographic.
what i don't understand is, what part of how trump has done what has been impressive enough to form a positive opinion of the man? he makes conflicting statements on basically everything, his involvment with russia makes america look weak, much like his dealings with north korea. is systematically alienating all of americas long-held allies. i mean why piss off germany?
i mean even if you approve of the things he is doing, it's blatantly obvious he's 100% a puppet. sure all presidents are puppets, but at least you can see them trying to pull at their own strings. trump doesn't know what's in the next scene as he's never bothered to read the script and just flops across the stage. he's adamantly against something, then he turns the cue card the right way up and reverses his stance instantly with total conviction like a retarded goldfish. how is this spun into something that someone can logically conclude something positive from?
i mean from my perspective, yay trump. anything to hasten america's inevitable loss of global dominance. you've shat the bed for 75 years. america's brand of capitalism so badly needs to end. will we land on some kind of democratic socialist utopia? probably not, but the historic pinnacle of disproportionate wealth distribution and show as much evidence that america sources most of its oil domestically thus blood for oil is not true. i'm not going to follow some paper trail, its simple, why so many bombs n shit? you pay so much tax, more than most developed nations and you don't even look after your sick people? why is military spending more important? and to whom? the only thing i can see it has achieved was turning developed secular nations into the backwards barbarous lands of religious fundamentalists.
so. yay. trump. maybe in ten years american politics aren't the inescapable centre of the universe.
------
by the way, what kind o christian are you? > no particular quote of you why do you make out such minor and necessary words as rebellions? > nobody recommended withholding explanations or keeping kids in the dark in any way. you did. you said trust without reason is ok. > even if you answer the most qualified individual's questions, the point will arrive where s / he won't be satisfied by them, and the kid has to either trust or rebel. so, in your example, by explaining the parents reasoning, they gained trust, and if their reasoning was bad, they didn't. > if the kid can look at mom through dad to see someone they know really cares for them the only way they can know their parents care for them is through evidence from their parents actions. you can't expect blind belief has come from nowhere. > motivation to just give up the interrogation talking with your kids isn't an interrogation. it's building a relationship. you can also teach them your reasoning without them asking. > it's highly likely that both understand it to be simple, unconditional embrace. all affection is conditional. a normal person doesn't feel affection without some sort of reason. > and the kid doesn't give up the interrogation, you then have a situation where the kid is threatening the natural order of a home, that's overreacting. just give them a better explanation and go on with your plan. the natural order of a home is that the parent teaches the child. unless the child has a mental illness, their behavior is learned from their parents. > an institution built on a hierarchy of authority - just like heaven. a place that has no evidence for existing, and a convenient reason for authority without reasoning. do parents have authority because they take care of their child? apparently not, it's just because home is built like heaven! > if a person can't learn to trust here you can learn to trust anywhere. hopefully you have someone to trust even if they aren't biological family. > i am still suggesting that things may have been out of order. i am doubting if you ever learned to trust without your parents bending to \ * your \ * authority we built trust without brainwashing each other. bending to an authority wasn't a factor. the scenario you are suggesting seems abnormal, like you are saying it's better to be r / raisedbynarcissis ##ts. > am i so off to suggest that maybe you demanded explanations for everything, and they complied? you are off. but if i did need to demand explanations, it wouldn't be sensible to deny them. how else do we learn without asking each other, unless we are already told without needing to ask? > either way, that is not how a hierarchy is supposed to work. it sort of is. otherwise, you have a group of people not interacting with each other or doing anything together, rather than a hierarchy. > the kids are not supposed to think they have the power to dig their heels into the ground and halt everything if they don't get answers acceptable to them. kids become that way if empowered by the parents. that's not kindness. kids can dig their heels into the ground, but it's up to you to prevent that instead of encouraging it. you're also encouraging them to never become adults through your method. if you never teach while they are still a kid, how would they even be able to do what you want? unless you're raising them only to eat them. > we face authority everywhere. on the street, in supermarkets, etc. of course, those power figures motivate people to comply for reasons other than trust. either way, a person challenging authority is a threat to the order whether it be good or bad, justified or not. is a threat to a bad order bad? can you say an evil order is really orderly? > imo, the whole world is like an island on the show, survivor. it's a temporary environment designed to limit our resources. i think we're here to learn about things like authority from each other and our parents - and the understanding that most of the time you won't get all the answers you want even if you've used your entire apparatus of science. this doesn't reflect the reality of where i live. > i am typing all this not to convert you it didn't look like you were. for what it's worth, i'm not trying to convert you either. > why christians don't see this as weakness. it interferes with gaining the skills for getting a job. for participating in society. it will lead to weakness according to the society we live in. > i can still respect you without trying to point out what i consider to be absurd flaws in your thinking. but do you respect me enough to say that you think i have flaws in my thinking and what they are, without assuming i'll take it as a personal insult? > they seriously should just end it with " saying ". but then what? how can either of you be sure that they actually do get what you're saying? you know they still think what you're saying is ridiculous, but now you don't know why. at least it isn't " i don't get what you're saying, but i agree. "
------
and also:
> 20. one of the worst uses of foreshadowing in a movie ever
near the beginning of the movie, gwen gives a validictorian speech that throws around lines such as "what makes life valuable is that it does end," and other such heavy-handed dialogue that makes it painfully obvious to even the most stupid movie-goer that she is going to die. foreshadowing doesn't really work when just about everyone knows that the only notable thing gwen stacy ever did was die, but it especially does not work when you're practically spelling it out to the audience anyway.
19. spider-man spends very little time actually being spider-man
when people go to see a superhero movie, they're generally going to see the actual superhero. some movies can get away with this, but in order to do this, the alter-ego of the superhero has to be interesting, funny, and well-developed, so that you actually care what they're doing when they're not kicking ass in costume. iron man 3 is a very good example of this. the amazing spider-man 2 is not, because this interpretation of peter parker is an awful, unlikeable character that you don't give two shits about whether he gets the girl or solves the mystery of his parents. this movie goes long stretches of time being bogged down with terrible romance and expositional subplots and doesn't spend nearly enough time with the actual hero.
18. poor musical score
a great score can elevate good scenes to fantastic scenes, but on the flip side, a terrible score can ruin just about any scene. i have no idea what kind of score they were going for in this movie, but it absolutely does not sound like something that belongs in a spider-man movie. at the best of times it was forgettable, but at the worst it was downright distracting. at no time did the music actually feel like it complemented a scene. rather, it felt like someone picked the most generic, heroic-sounding theme they could find and simply played it over top of the action with zero regard for whether it actually flowed with what was happening on-screen.
17. series continues failing to address what happened to uncle ben's killer
in the first film, peter witnesses uncle ben's murder, then essentially becomes spider-man out of vengeance (dumb) and goes searching for the killer. and then halfway through the movie he completely forgets it, and it has no real impact on the rest of the story. and it still has no impact on the story in this movie. in fact, it's not even referenced. you can't keep glossing over the most important, most defining thing that ever happens to spider-man. not only does spider-man never truly learn the "great power, great responsibility" lesson, but he doesn't even seem to care that his uncle's killer is still out there. for anyone who even attempts to defend this incarnation of spider-man, stop and re-read what i just wrote. two movies in and they've yet to even resolve the character's damn origin.
16. peter parker is an asshole
the first amazing spider-man ends with peter making a promise to gwen's dying father to stay away from her, because he knows it will only bring her harm. peter immediately break his promise at the end of the movie, saying the best promises are the ones you can't keep (something peter would never say you fucks). in asm2, peter suddenly has a change of heart because he keeps seeing visions of gwen's cockblocking ghost dad, but just like the first film, he immediately goes back on this and wants to be with gwen anyway. if you haven't noticed already, peter parker is a huge fucking asshole in these movies for no real reason. there's never an attempt to give him actual motivations for his decisions when it comes to gwen.
15. the rhino is completed wasted
the rhino's (extremely) brief appearance in this movie is completed wasted on the fact that he only exists to set up future movies (and sadly he's not the only example of this in the film either). there's not even an attempt to actual make him a character; he's just a cartoony side-show. also, the actual rhino costume is a stupid fucking mech that looks absolutely ridiculous. even if he did have a reason for being in this movie, you've already fucked him up with that.
14. this movie rips off jokes from sam raimi's spider-man movies
it's not bad enough that the humor in this movie is flat out awful, but they also go the extra mile by stealing jokes from previous spider-man films, and then proceed to completely butcher them. biggest example: aunt may refuses to let peter do laundry on his own, because the last time he did, he turned all the clothes red and blue. peter's spider-man costume ruining his laundry was already done as a gag in spider-man 2, but whereas that one was a quick, witty visual joke, amazing spider-man 2 turns that into a droning back-and-forth between peter and aunt may that runs longer than a bad family guy skit, and ends with the fucking lame punchline of peter making the excuse that he tried to wash the american flag. fuck you.
13. peter parker continues to be portrayed as an absolute moron
one of the many ways these movies completely and utterly fail to grasp the character of peter parker is in their continual undermining of the character's well-known intelligence. in the first movie, peter outs his secret identity to the lizard because he left his real name printed on the back of his camera. in this movie, in an effort to combat electro, peter has to watch a youtube video to understand how batteries work. and even after doing so, still cannot solve his issue. it is resolved later in the film not by peter, but by gwen stacy, who points out the (apparently foreign) concept of magnetism, and that she got it from their eighth grade science class. that's right, peter parker the super genius completely fails to grasp eighth grade science in this movie.
12. the cgi in this movie is terrible
i'm rarely one who complains about cgi in movies (hell i love its use for the most part), but i can't overlook it here. when it's bad, it's bad. the final battle between spider-man and electro looks more like something that was taken from a playstation 2 video game cut scene than a modern day blockbuster movie. at no point is what's happening on screen ever believable and it completely takes you out of the movie.
11. "it's my birthday, now it's time for me to light the candles"
the fact that this line of dialogue was spoken in a superhero movie in 2014 is fucking embarrassing. this is batman & robin level shit here. almost all the dialogue in this movie ranges from unenjoyably cheesy to groan-inducing awfulness. you can tell there's a concerted effort to make spider-man much more in line with the comic book version of him, where he makes a lot of witty, quippy jokes towards his villains, but it doesn't work when the humor is so bad, so juvenile, and so unmemorable. it all falls completely flat on its face, and in the end you just wish he would shut the hell up.
10. once again, failure to hit the right tone
one of my biggest issues with the first amazing spider-man movie is that the tone of the movie was completely unbefitting of spider-man. they tried to make it grounded and serious, in response to the success of the dark knight, and that simply doesn't work for a character like spider-man. in amazing spider-man 2, they actually have the opposite problem, where they swing the tone so far in the other direction that it becomes ridiculously cheesy and you can't take anything happening in this movie seriously to even a tiny degree. it's closer in tone with the awful superhero movies of the 1990's than anything else.
9. this movie is a structural mess
amazing spider-man 2 is the result of several different ideas for a spider-man movie all mashed into one. it feels like someone wanted to make an electro movie, someone else wanted to make a green goblin movie, and someone else wanted to make a sinister six movie, but in the end all three ideas come together into one huge mess. peter, harry, and electro's stories all move along independently of one another, and are only tied together by the loosest of threads, plot convenience, and pointless subplots that go nowhere.
8. gwen and peter still have zero chemistry
no aspect of these characters' relationship is believable. it wasn't believable in the first film, and it's still not believable now. this is ultimately highlighted by the fact that peter parker is portrayed as a creeper stalker, admits as much to gwen, and she has no issue with it at all. any real human being would find this behavior highly disturbing, yet gwen takes it completely in stride. this subtext was also present in the first movie, but here they come right out and say it and no one bats an eye at it. just terrible screenwriting overall.
------
a lot of people seem to think that the people out there who post others'nude pictures online without their approval are few and far between, but i see it all the time. sometimes on tumblr, but constantly on nsfw online. it's not all just revenge porn ( still unacceptable ), there are lots of people who think it's illegal to post nudes that they received from someone off of tinder or snapchat. that because they shared them with you, that means your disrespectful, immature ass has the right ta then post them to the internet. not only does it make me both furious and disgusted, it terrifies me. i could count on one hand the amount of nude pictures i sent out before my current relationship, and guess what! one of those pictures i sent to one dude, he took the liberty before showing to one of his friends ( he swears, just one ). then, all of a sudden, loads of people in my podunk town know intimate details about our sexlife. weird huh? but he has no idea what that happened, of course. and now, years later, you get this furious broiling in my stomach every time i see some abhorrent, greasy loser online, posting pictures that they received privately, because they have deemed them to now be public domain. if you get nudes from someone with great tits, they are not yours to share. if you get nudes from someone with a huge dick, you have no right to post it on reddit in fetish subs without the consent of the sender. you don't get to post pictures / videos of yourself having been with someone to amateur porn subs without an explicit consent from the other person / people beforehand. the list goes on. do not breach someone's trust that way. * * posting nude content of someone without their consent is illegal, immoral, and disgusting * * and it's also against reddit's rules! why is this such a difficult concept to understand for fucks sake?? edit : to everyone saying " well you can't guarantee that someone won't share them so just dont send them in the first places!!!! take your face out of them!!!!! it's naive and stupid to send nudes without considering the ramifications!!!!! " alright twothings. 1. i never said it wasnt or argued against any of those things as being a way to protect yourself ( except for the face one ; honestly i find that argument irrelevant because it isn't stopping anyone from sharing your pics, just saves you from being identified ), i told a story from when i was a teenager that seems to have confused some people on my understanding of the inherent risk of sending nudes. i was stupid. i was a teenager. sure y'all can relate. 2. that still doesn't mean i as a grown woman in my 20s who is now in a healthy relationship can't be like " hey its fucked up that people share others'nudes without permission. " like wow man, i never said or implied that you shouldn't consider the risks, i'm saying there shouldn't be risks because people should be decent, and i'm allowed to be mad that they're not. i'm not replying to individual comments anymore because if i have to defend my right to be mad that people think it's okay to share someone's private photos one more time, i'm gonna lose my mind. y'all are on some shit
------
so i thought it was time to start raiding. i've been putting it off because i heard horror stories about the mage community and words like " elitism " and " gatekeeping " thrown around but it couldn't be that bad, right? plus, i do dungeons and fractals a lot and pretty easily too so it shouldn't even be that hard, right? well day 1 - since spirit vale is the first raid, i figured that'd be the best place to start. in order to create a chill environment, i started my own squad instead of joining someone else's, made sure to include " all welcome " in the lfg to hopefully reduce the amount of un - chill doods. the avengers eventually assemble and we get the ball rolling. it all goes well, we got to the first boss and took it down in 3 tries. it was a lot of luck too. group was awesome and everyone just showed up to ruin a good time. it seems my plan went, unfortunately, i later found out i just got lucky with this bunch. after the first boss, everyone leaves, and i mean everyone. i was confused, i thought " what's the point of doing the raid, if you only do one boss? how even bother if you're not going to do the whole thing? ", little did i know, that's not how things are done, apparently. so i manage to round up another squad, we get the net rolling but.... halfway to the second boss, the raid stops dead in it's tracks. everyone leaves, the commander stays to tell me the raid failed because of me. he points out that i don't that i don't have an elite spec, after explaining that i like using the weapons class, he just says " you can play what you want but no one will take you seriously. do go your hero points and come back. i don't ever want to see you in a raid off - meta again. " i could tell he meant well but i found the whole encounter very off - putting. he was probably right but i liked my build and i knew it inside and out, i didn't want to change it. after failing to gather more squad members late at night, i decide one boss kill will have to be enough for me and gave up on finishing the raid. i considered it the day a failure at the time, but little did i know, this was the closest to success i'll ever get. day 2 - i don't have pof but i noticed the new mystic forge raid allowed me to enter anyway. i giggled and decided to take advantage of this. got a squad together and after explaining my situation, the local mesmer portal'd me over the gap. we put in a good effort, came close but after the 4th try, everyone left. one guy stuck around to offer to buy me pof, i declined his offer, but he wasn't having it, invited me to his guild, sent me 250 gold and refused to take it back. i felt so bad for taking it but this guy was seriously just too nice. awesome guy. sadly, we couldn't find any more members and the day ended in failure but i just couldn't be mad. shoutouts to him. day 3 - tried mythwright gambit again, this time, i didn't even care about completing the raid, i'd be happy with a single kill. got a squad together and unfortunately, got a less than patient commander. " base mesmer... " i knew it was going to be a rough night. we tried once, wiped. " mesmer, the chronos are out damaging you. step it up, bud " i was about to say that i was sorry and that i'd try to do better, but then it turned into a less than friendly statement. " this is your last chance " well, i did step it up, we cut through the boss like butter this time, we got really close but one of our shield people didn't save shield for the clap and wiped. i was feeling pretty good, i thought about typing " how was that? " but thought it might be best not to piss off the person who threatened to kick me from my own squad a moment ago. but, somehow, i was still the problem. i guess base mesmer makes you an easy target or something but it's beyond bizarre to me that one person makes a mistake but i take the blame for it. " why are you using boon food? " one member says " what build are you? " another inquires " must be something op " another answers for me " why are we letting him in our group? " another asks " just kick him and get chrono " one suggests " mesmer, i thought you said you knew the fight? " the commander asks i stayed quiet, i really didn't know what to say. the next fight started, we wiped again. commander ragequits, " learn mechanics next time, this is a big meme " i had no idea what to make of that disaster. i know i was doing the fight correctly, but i got the blame for it because of my build. couldn't get more members, called it a night. day 3 ended in failure. day 4 - the bug that allowed me to enter mythwright gambit had been fixed, i shrugged and did a different raid. got a squad together, and unfortunately, i got more folks with sticks up their asses. " hey, you know that this guy is base mesmer, right? " " is he an alt? " " a guildie or a friend of someone? " " not an alt, not a friend " " base mesmer, you better not get us killed " right off the bat, they hated me. i knew i was in for a bad time. the fight starts and the worst thing that could have possibly happened, happened. i disconnected. " base mesmer left as soon as the fight started " one person said " i dc'd " i respond second attempt started, wiped again. i was the last man standing though and i held my own against the boss fight a good 10 seconds. so here i am, impressed with myself thinking that showed i was a good ally for surviving longer than anyone else. see, that's what i thought, but they still found a way to blame it on me and kicked me from my own squad that i put together. the squad that said " chill run - all welcome ". i was pissed. getting kicked from my own squad was the last straw, i was done. but i thought, there was no way, i was ending the day on that note, i needed a kill. so i attempted the one thing i knew i could beat : vale guardian. got the squad together and they ended up being the most chill, awesome group ever. i don't know how many times we attempted it but we came very close on each attempt and were having a good time all the way. see, this is how the game should be : fun, so don't make it terrible for others because they aren't " good enough " for you. we had one member witha stick up his ass, he wasn't happy witht he way we were doing things. so one person tells him " you need to understand pugs won't be as organized. if you can't handle that, don't do pugs " he left in a huff and we continued on. new guy was really nice and played music for us while we waited for one of our guys to come back online. our commander who was a total bro, eventually had to call it a night. we replace him with a chronomancer who we called " the goddess " because she seemed to have everything our group lacked, quite literally an answer to our prayers. the fight starts and unfortunately, i'm thrown out of bounds and die instantly. i didn't even know that was a thing that could happen. but the goddess pulled through and we managed the kill. everyone laughed and said my sacrifice gave them the power to win. i had such a good time, i wasn't even mad, i loved these guys ; they were the best group i've ever had. i considered the day a success. everyone leaves in good spirits. those guys were awesome, though the goddess whispered me " play another class next time ". so i guess things could have gone very differently had we failed the kill with her. conclusion : while those guys were really nice and the perfect group, i have good reason to believe i was extremely lucky to have an entire squad of chill doods and that in reality people like that are few and far between. like i said, getting kicked from my own squad was really the last straw and the nail in the coffin. i felt really disrespected and i wager that's not even the worst of it. so with my two successful runs, i had an awesome time and my last run was made so good by the people i shared it with but i think it has to be just that, my last run. i play games to have fun, those guys understood that but unfortunately, most don't and make the experience very un - fun. i've seen for myself that all those horror stories are true and aren't just the worst of the worst, this actually seems to be quite common. it sucks that this is now content i'll never experience but it's just not worth it. thus ends the adventures of a first - time raider, now and forever.
------
i am married to my husband for 4 years and we have her 2 year old daughter is a london montessori. many of the parents in this montessori are always rushing for delivering and picking up their kids, therefore brief interactions can be common. my husband and i regularly made it a point to go to bed off and pick up our daughter together if we both enjoy it so much. one of the women who has a daughter in my child's class always used to frown at me when i was there alone. i had seen her for several months and she would rebuke and dismiss me when i said hello or smiled at her. then my husband went to pick up our daughter solo one day, and she started speaking to him. in several minutes she told him where she is from, where she went to school, how her marriage had failed and that she was not where she expected to be in her personal life and her career choice ( i joked to him later when he told me it sounded like a speed date in the nursery ). in the conversation he mentioned to her what he did for work and she was super impressed, and then he said his wife ( me ) went to the same graduate school as her. ( during similar years ) giving her a point of conversation with me ( as he thought this commonality could change her nonchalant attitude with me ). my husband was travelling for work so i did solo pickups for a few weeks. and i bumped into the woman every day, and she stood next to her during pickups or sat next to me but said nothing to me. and when i was in conversations with both parents she would be close enough to listen. it was eerie and annoyed me and i mentioned it to my husband. he was shocked she didn't even make an introduction after she so quickly made one with him. when my husband got back to pickups with me, one evening he was on the side getting the pram ready while i was with the baby on the east side of the room. she was entering thr room and had not seen him for weeks and grabbed him on the shoulder to ask how he was ( she hadn't see me ). my husband immediately introduced us and she said she remembered seeing me months ago at an event ( which was not true as i see her everyday ). since then she actively says hi to my husband and ignores me when i am alone. and has tried to wait for him to exit with my daughter to walk with him but he completely disregards, ignores her and tries to stonewall her for her behavior to me. am i right to assume she was trying to flirt and develop some relationship with my husband? i am just irked how one woman could try this with a married man let alone in their children's school. my husband and i hold hands so its noticeable we are together. i've never experienced this competitive behavior and it's annoying. i almost feel like saying something to her, but my husband says someone so pathetic shouldn't phase me and he will not speak to her again as now he thinks she has issues. what would you do?
------
> don't confuse the description and the reality of something. in quantum physics things are "described" as random or probabilistic. things that are indeterministic (like free will) can from the outside only be observed as random or probabilistic. therefore it is possible.
you haven't actually said anything that helps show how the will is free from the dichotomy of determinism and probabilistic indeterminism (aka chance). i'm copying in a thought experiment which i've written out in the past to illustrate my point here:
hard determinism and probabilistic indeterminism are the only two paradigms of will which can logically exist. if we accept this proposition, since both paradigms exclude lfw, we can safely conclude that lfw is a logical impossibility. i know that this is a bold claim, so i have constructed a thought experiment to illustrate the fact that this is a true dichotomy with no possible third alternative. this is the will-simulation thought experiment. to begin, imagine the following scenario:
a powerful computer exists which can perfectly simulate our universe many times. this computer creates a vast number of parallel universe simulations (any large number will do, but let's say one billion), each in precisely the same "quantum state" or "state of everything," and runs them simultaneously.
we observe the quantum state of these billion universe simulations at the nearest possible event in spacetime before some agent becomes consciously aware of its will. the agent is considering its options between an apple and a banana, and we are observing the "moment" before its conscious will materializes. we can assume that the subsequent action (choosing the apple or banana) will be in accordance with the state of the will which materializes in the first moment after we press "play" on the simulations. there are many other states of will which we could contrive, but two options (apple or banana) are enough to isolate the possible outcomes, and the addition of extra possible states of will does not change the format of the thought experiment. we will designate the two possible states of will as w(a) if the agent wants an apple in the next moment, and w(b) if the agent wants a banana in the next moment.
we press "play" on the simulations and tally the billion universes to determine the number of universes in which w(a) and w(b) result. there are only three logically-possible scenarios:
1) w(a) results one billion times.
2) w(b) results one billion times.
3) w(a) and w(b) each result some number of times, their sum equaling one billion.
if scenario 1 or 2 results, we must conclude that the quantum state of the universe in one moment perfectly determines the quantum state of the universe in the next moment. given this, it is inarguable that every state of will an agent could have is the deterministic result of the states of the universe which preceded it.
if scenario 3 results, we must conclude that the quantum state of the universe in one moment creates a probability function, and the quantum state of the universe in the next moment results probabilistically. because the billion universes were in identical quantum states before we pressed "play," the only possible explanation for a variation in the quantum states of the universes in the resulting moment is random chance. there are 999,999,999 possible combinations of indeterministic probability for w(a) and w(b) between the billion universes, but random chance is the only suitable explanation for why all billion universes did not have the same outcome. given this, it is inarguable that every state of will an agent could have is the probabilistic result of the states of the universe which preceded it.
before i expound on the implications of this dichotomy, i would like to address the frequently-asked questions regarding this thought experiment:
q: but what if this simulation is impossible and our universe is the only universe which exists?
a: it does not matter that this computer simulation does not or cannot really exist. this is merely a thought experiment meant to isolate logically-possible scenarios, not to make a claim about which possible scenario, hard determinism or probabilistic indeterminism, is representative of reality. it is irrelevant to the validity of the thought experiment whether ours is the only universe in existence. this dichotomy of possible paradigms still exists, even if there is only one course of outcomes. either the universe is governed deterministically, or it is governed probabilistically. if only this universe exists, and it is probabilistic, then the other possible outcomes simply never come to fruition; the determining factor in which outcomes come to fruition is still probability.
q: if the agent uses system 2 thinking and deliberates for a long time over its decision, how could you say the decision is probabilistic? is that not reducing the whole process of deliberation to a coin-flip?
a: no, i am not reducing the process of deliberation and system 2 thinking to a coin-flip. this dichotomy of hard determinism and probabilistic indeterminism exists for every event in spacetime. in the case of indeterminism, every moment of conscious and unconscious cognition involved in the deliberation process is the result of probability, with the specific probabilities for each possible outcome being created by the state of the universe in the moment before.
q: under the paradigm of indeterminism, why could the agent not freely select from the probability function? if the simulation produced 500 million universes with w(a) and 500 million universes with w(b), why could we not say that, in our universe, it is the agent's free choice whether it actualizes the next moment as one which contains w(a) or w(b)?
a: remember, all billion universes were in precisely the same quantum state. this means that they were exactly the same in every conceivable manner, including the agent itself. to include some mechanism by which the agent could "select" from the probability function between the moments before and after we pressed "play," we would have to change the quantum state of the billion universes. by doing so, we change the result from one in which a probability function was created (indeterminism) to one in which all billion universes produce the same result (determinism). this logical dichotomy is truly inescapable: adding an extra mechanism of choice to the indeterministic paradigm simply shifts it back to a deterministic paradigm.
q: what about an immaterial soul which is not bound by the laws of physics? it would not matter what the quantum state of the universe is, since the soul is not a part of the physical universe. could this not be the mechanism by which we freely select from the probability function of possible choices?
a: the phrasing "quantum state of the universe" is just a tidy way of claiming that everything in the billion universe simulations is identical. i also phrased it as the "state of everything." if you want to add an immaterial soul to the calculation which can interact with the physical universe, you must include it in the "state of everything" for the thought experiment. if the soul interacts in a meaningful way with the agent's brain, it must do so as an event in spacetime. this makes its interaction a physical event, even if the soul itself is immaterial (though there exists no reasonable explanation of how such an interaction would occur). if we say that the soul selects a will from the indeterministic probability function, we have violated the structure of the thought experiment and post-hoc changed the "state of everything" from before we pressed "play" on the simulations; we have retroactively changed what was an indeterministic result into a deterministic result. once again, this dichotomy is absolute.
the dichotomy of hard determinism and probabilistic indeterminism categorically excludes any possibility of lfw. every event in spacetime is the deterministic or probabilistic result of the events preceding it, and this includes every modicum of cognition within our minds. this is not to say that we do not make choices. we certainly do, and many of them are well thought-out and intentional. the pressing question is not whether actions follow the will, but whether the will itself is ultimately free of the world around it. i contend that it is not and cannot be truly free in any possible world.
> btw there is no wishful thinking without free will
...what? no... that's not true at all. a lack of free will just means every aspect of your cognition is the result of a deterministic or probabilistic universe. it says nothing about whether certain types of cognition are possible. that's a huge misunderstanding of the nature and role of freedom in cognition.
------
jesus, where to begin. our two primary helos in the corps for my infantry company were the ch - 53 and the osprey. i call the osprey a helo because " aeronautical platypus " is too many syllables. riding in a 53 is like rolling in your grandpa's old caddie - it's a bit dated and might be leaking hydraulic fluids, but it's comfortable as all get out, has room for all your friends, and is dead - nuts reliable. riding on an osprey is like getting a lift over your buddy's brand new top - of - the - tank corvette - 45 looks sexy, but if you're not driving you're stuffed in a backseat that's far too small, and any error by the driver likely means you'll die in a fiery crash. the only redeeming quality is the ability to get places quickly. then you have fast - roping. sometimes the helo can't land, so us poor dumb grunts in the back have to fast - rope out to get ourselves on the ground where we can kill things and generally be more useful than we are stuffed in the back of a helo. in a 53, there is a hatch in the side of the beast that is usually called " the hell hole ". when the time to fast - rope arrives, the hatch is lifted, the rope is dropped backwards through the hole, and the grunts quite easily grab more rope and exit the aircraft. very sexy. this process is an utter fucking debacle in an osprey, because for whatever illogical reason the osprey lacks a hell hole. instead, the back ramp is lowered and the fast - rope is dropped from a point directly above the lip of the ramp. however, due to the wind vortices from the osprey's rotors, the rotor wash blows the rope out at about a 45 - degree angle from the back of the osprey. so the two biggest bastards in the chalk have to somehow jump, grab onto the rope, maybe hook their heels and fast - rope / zip line their way down the rope, whereupon they grab the rope and run it back directly under the osprey, because otherwise their shorter fucks can't reach it. but the two big bastard can't let go of the rope or it will blow away again, so my unit's sop was for those two big guys to lay on the damn rope while everyone else fast - ropes down and lawn - darts into their spines boots - first. so the osprey basically makes one of the main modes of un - assing a helo inconvenient / dangerous / moronic. osprey engines catch on fire with alarming regularity. this tends to distress everyone on board. ch - 53s pack up to three. 50 - cal machineguns for protection and covering fire when extracting us grunts. three. 50s makes for awesome firepower. ospreys have the hopes and dreams of the crew for self - defense. this is not nearly as effective nor as satisfying for the grunts as heavy machine gun fire. i'm sure more will come to me, but that's a brief overview. ospreys look cool but fuck me do they suck to ride in and fast rope out of.
------
jesus, where to begin. our two primary helos in the corps for my infantry company were the ch-53 and the osprey. i call the osprey a helo because "aeronautical platypus" is too many syllables. riding in a 53 is like rolling in your grandpa's old caddie - it's a bit dated and might be leaking hydraulic fluid, but it's comfortable as all get out, has room for all your friends, and is dead-nuts reliable. riding in an osprey is like getting a lift in your buddy's brand new top-of-the-line corvette - it looks sexy, but if you're not driving you're stuffed in a backseat that's far too small, and any error by the driver likely means you'll die in a fiery crash. the only redeeming quality is the ability to get places quickly.
then you have fast-roping. sometimes the helo can't land, so us poor dumb grunts in the back have to fast-rope out to get ourselves on the ground where we can kill things and generally be more useful than we are stuffed in the back of a helo. in a 53, there is a hatch in the belly of the beast that is usually called "the hell hole". when the time to fast-rope arrives, the hatch is lifted, the rope is dropped down through the hole, and the grunts quite easily grab the rope and exit the aircraft. very sexy. this process is an utter fucking debacle in an osprey, because for whatever illogical reason the osprey lacks a hell hole. instead, the back ramp is lowered and the fast-rope is dropped from a point directly above the lip of the ramp. however, due to the wind vortices from the osprey's rotors, the rotor wash blows the rope out at about a 45-degree angle from the back of the osprey. so the two biggest bastards in the chalk have to somehow jump, grab onto the rope, maybe hook their heels and fast-rope/zip line their way down the rope, whereupon they grab the rope and run it back directly under the osprey, because otherwise the shorter fucks can't reach it. but the two big bastards can't let go of the rope or it will blow away again, so my unit's sop was for those two big guys to lay on the damn rope while everyone else fast-ropes down and lawn-darts into their spines boots-first. so the osprey basically makes one of the main modes of un-assing a helo inconvenient/dangerous/moronic.
osprey engines catch on fire with alarming regularity. this tends to distress everyone on board.
ch-53s pack up to three .50-cal machineguns for protection and covering fire when extracting us grunts. three .50s makes for awesome firepower. ospreys have the hopes and dreams of the crew for self-defense. this is not nearly as effective nor as satisfying for the grunts as heavy machine gun fire.
i'm sure more will come to me, but that's a brief overview. ospreys look cool but fuck me do they suck to ride in and fast rope out of.
------
i posted this in r/casualuk yesterday and it went down pretty well, and a couple of posters convinced me to post it here. apologies if this is overkill and you've already read it! and honestly, i don't know if it qualifies as a tifu, so i am sure the mods will decide. be gentle, mods... anyway, a very english break-in story is pasted below...
i may have over-egged the detail, so this story is quite long. the detail is pretty accurate, cos i made notes immediately after the event, and i've tried really hard to be honest and not embellish too much!
on the first day of moving into my new house back in april of 2015, my neighbour came to introduce himself - and it wasn't long before i deduced that he was in the drug-dealing business. i initially thought that wasn't so bad, i like a smoke from time to time and having him next door could be useful. even if i went back in time right now to warn myself, there's no way i could convey how wrong i was...
now 2015 was otherwise known as the worst year of my life. it certainly wasn't what back to the future had let me to expect.
after losing my dad to cancer, my sister having a miscarriage and my bbq exploding on my birthday gathering, i was beginning to think my luck would have to turn soon. it was august, the summer was ending and nothing bad had happened for two whole months...
i'd been up late watching it follows, and not being much of a horror fan, i was suitably creeped out. and slightly high. my girlfriend had come home late from a work function and had gone straight to bed, and at about 12.30am i went up there too.
it's probably worth explaining that this house has three floors. the ground floor has an entrance, spare room and stairs, the first floor is the kitchen and living room, and the top floor is the bedroom and bathroom. it's one of three houses in a little mews in a leafy sussex village.
i went to bed and was soon drifting off. about 15 minutes later i heard some banging. i didn't pay it much mind, assuming that watching a horror movie before bed had made me oversensitive. so i started to go back to sleep. the next memory i have is of shouting. lots of shouting. the bedroom door burst open, and a group of large figures stormed in, brandishing crowbars.
i remember screaming in that way you try to in a dream, when nothing comes out. i also recall spinning around slightly so as to block my girlfriend, an incredibly sweet and innocent creature who had barely witnessed a crime in her life. i thrust out my legs, kicking one of them in the crown jewels firmly. this led the ring leader to crack me on the legs with a crowbar, telling me in no uncertain terms to not do that again.
so now there are at least four men lined up alongside my side of the bed. maybe five. hard to tell, i didn't get to put my glasses on. my girlfriend is screaming, they're all shouting, and i'm incredibly confused. the ringleader then demands that i give him the bag of money.
"what money!?" i asked.
"give us the fucking bag of money, we know you've got the bag of money!" the ringleader repeats. several times.
"i don't have a bag of money," i explained. it's hard to remember the order of events, but i do know one thing for sure - tom cruise popped into my head.
the previous night i was watching mission: impossible 3. i do like that film, and i had it on in the background while i did the washing up. i remember pondering the scene where ethan hunt's wife has a gun to her head. "i want to give you what you want, but you've got to do what's right!" exclaimed hunt. hmmm. i wonder if the screenwriter had researched this dialogue. is this what you are supposed to say in a hostage crisis?
well, it apparently sewed a seed, because i found myself repeating those words.
"i don't have a bag of money. i want to get you what you want, but you have to do what's right and leave this poor girl alone," are the words that came, strangely confidently, out of my mouth.
"yeah? well we know you sold drugs to my daughter!" said the one i considered to be the sidekick.
"nah nah nah, it was my sister," said the ringleader in correction.
this exchange told me two things - one, they did not have a particularly good grasp of what their plan was, and two, they were after my neighbour.
for my neighbour is a drug-dealing maniac. a weird guy from essex. he's in his mid-30s, about 5'8" with light blonde hair and eyebrows to match. he's skinny and zany, usually hopping from one foot to the other as he tries to keep his excessive energy in check. he smokes weed from 7am, and boxes on his outdoor punchbag whenever the weed isn't enough to keep his energy in check.
sometimes he can be seen in the communal car park making things. [like the time he made a wooden triangle](<url>). or he juggles balls with his dogs, or he shadow boxes. you know, the usual things you expect to see your neighbour doing at literally any hour of the day or night.
still, realising that the intruders were in the wrong house, i wasn't entirely keen on sending them next door. as much as i disliked my neighbour, i didn't think he deserved a group of masked men storming in. so i continued to try and talk these people out of the house.
"i'm not a drug dealer, so i've no idea what you're talking about. there's a couple of macbooks downstairs, sixty quid in my wallet, an imac... whatever you want, just take it and go mate."
hearing this offer, the ringleader realised i was being compliant. and if i was willing to give up a few grands worth of computers, why wouldn't i just give him the bag of money he was seeking? slowly, the cogs turned.
"is this number 27?" he demanded to know.
"the whole area is."
"yeah but is this number two, twenty seven acacia avenue?"
"no, it's number one."
"we've got the wrong house!"
the realisation was startling. they all shouted. one guy had been searching every room, cupboard and drawer. he had given up already. one or two of the others went down stairs to get him, leaving me and my gf with the ringleader and his sidekick, a guy i suspected was far darker in soul than the guy doing all the talking.
"right, you can't call the cops or we'll come back. we know where you live!" the sidekick said.
emboldened by the realisation that these guys were morons, i laughed. "you seriously think i won't call the cops? best i can do is give you a thirty second head start."
he didn't like that, so he took my phone. good, i thought. i'll track that fucker. sadly, i later discovered, he threw it behind my sofa on his way out of the house.
the ringleader then apologised. he said they were looking for someone else, and there had been a mix up. i said something along the lines of "well i am glad we sorted that out." at which point he shook my hand, told me he hoped my gf would be ok, and forced the sidekick to leave with him.
i picked up the bed and jammed it against the door, and enveloped my traumatised girlfriend in a big hug and told her it was over. which it almost was.
little did we know, the morons had decided to try again, this time knocking my neighbour's door in and storming his house. but he was in the kitchen, so they went flying past him, up to the bedroom where they found his girlfriend. my neighbour, being the kind of guy he is, then jumped out of the window, abandoned his gf, ran to my front door and stormed into my home.
"the-go-kid! the-go-kid! there are people in my house!" he screamed.
"no shit," i responded. "why do you think my fucking door is wide open?"
i went out to meet him while talking to the police on my gf's phone. he grabbed a knife from my kitchen, the phone from my hand, and went after them. i decided i was done, went back to enjoy the barricade of the bedroom.
it took the police a while to turn up, because the genius neighbour of mine told them they had guns, so we had to wait for armed response. eventually, my gf and i cautiously walked down to the living room. the police eventually arrived, but they knew it was too late. so they stood outside our houses having a chat and a bit of a laugh. it's likely to be the only time i tell four men with machine guns to shut the fuck up.
the rest of the night was a mess of police as they took statements, searched for evidence and quizzed my neighbour about, yes, the bag of money. they were convinced they could bust him for something, as they had wanted to for some time. turns out he had broken his foot when he leapt from the window, and so he was carted off in an ambulance. as the stretcher went past me in the car park, he tried to talk to me.
"go kid! i just want to say one thing mate! i just want to say one thing!" he screamed.
"neighbour, you're not physically capable of saying just one thing."
the police, who knew him all too well, erupted in laughter. this humiliation would haunt him for some time.
eventually i heard that my neighbour had claimed it was all because of an instagram picture he had posted on facebook, and he thought he knew the ringleader. a scumbag he'd recently connected with on fb. he gave the police two weeks to charge the guy. to the credit of the police, they arrested him but didn't have the evidence to charge him.
about a month later, my neighbour beckoned me into his garage where he remonstrated with me for blaming him for the ordeal. "they terrorised us too!" he said. he then told me he had taken matters into his own hands, dealing with the ringleader himself, putting him in some sort of box and, i presume, torturing him. he tried to show me some sort of video evidence but i refused to look at it. "we have to look after our women!" he said.
he then said that he was aware i had reacted like a pussy when the guys got into my room. a bit bemused by this, i asked him if it was more gutless to scream or to jump out a window and leave my partner behind. this enraged him, and we haven't spoken a single word to each other since.
the only stuff that was stolen was money from our wallets and my leatherman (it had 'that's not a knife' engraved in it). nobody was ever charged with the break-in and eventually life went back to normal, albeit with a very expensive new front door. i moved house this year, so i can only hope i never see my neighbour's face again.
i know some people find this story entirely unbelievable, but [it would appear i've got back-up on that front](<url>) as one of the responding officers is on reddit and confirmed the story's validity on my original post!
tl:dr - masked men broke in, stormed my bedroom, realised they got the wrong house, said sorry and broke into next door instead. also, my neighbour is a knob.
edit: i've been encouraged to post this bit of info as well -
the police called it a 'scum on scum' attack, and when those inadvertently mess with innocent bystanders, the scumbags are usually apologetic. they even said "don't be surprised if you get an anonymous bunch of flowers". we didn't, but judging by some of the messages i have received, it really is something that happens.
------
in christian theology, in a true biblical interpretation of the bible, god calls you first. some christians believe that they make a choice to accept christ, and then follow him. in reality, god calls his children to himself.
"then the jews surrounded him and said to him, 'how long do you keep us in doubt? if you are the christ, tell us plainly.' jesus answered them, 'i told you, and you do not believe. the works that i do in my father's name, they bear witness of me. but you do not believe, because you are not of my sheep, as i said to you. my sheep hear my voice, and i know them, and they follow me. and i give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; neither shall anyone snatch them out of my hand. my father, who has given them to me, is greater than all; and no one is able to snatch them out of my father's hand. i and my father are one.'
john 10:24-30 nkjv
<url>
sorry for the long excerpt but i believe the entirety of it is necessary here.
here we can notice that god gives jesus those whom he is to save, as in he chooses them to be set aside for the reward of salvation, which is jesus' sacrifice. jesus sacrificed himself for these "sheep" which are people who know and follow christ. do i physically hear the voice of jesus? no, i do not, but i can tell the difference between god's teaching, and the teachings of men. all of god's people have heard the difference. i am not saying saying that all who claim to be christians have made this discernment, here is an excerpt from jesus to explain this:
"not everyone who says to me, 'lord, lord,' shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of my father in heaven. many will say to me in that day, 'lord, lord, have we not prophesied in your name, cast out demons in your name, and done many wonders in your name?' and then i will declare to them, 'i never knew you; depart from me, you who practice lawlessness!'
matthew 7:21-23 nkjv
<url>
here, jesus acknowledges that there are people who claim to believe that he is god, but because they do not truly believe in him as christ, they do not carry themselves as christians (not that they are imperfect, we all are, but that they do not bear the fruits of a true faith). this may seem very ambiguous, but i'm sure you can think of a very hypocritical example of christianity in your own experience to support this claim. they use god's name to make money, and feed people lies, and do all sorts of evil under the mask of being holy men. it is rather sickening, but that is not christianity. if god is truly calling you, you will know it.
------
>should say 65% of americans polled
that's a given considering you're reading the results of a poll, no one should need that clarified. i hope.
>how many of those polled smoke?
the real question is why that matters when the poll's goal was to determine moral standing on the topic.
>what type of personality takes the time to participate in polls?
many people participate in polls and those who do come from all walks of life; so long as you use the proper methods to find your sample participant bias can be minimized pretty effectively with modern survey methods.
the beauty of modern polling is we have methods to minimize bias in this type of case. if you go to the actual survey they handily write down the methods they used to conduct it.
>results for this gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted may 1-10, 2018, with a random sample of 1,024 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 u.s. states and the district of columbia. for results based on the total sample of national adults, the margin of sampling error is +-4 percentage points at the 95% confidence level.
>
>the results for the drinking alcohol item are based on a random sample of 542 adults and the results for the smoking marijuana item are based on a random sample of 482 adults. for results based on these samples, the margin of sampling error is +-5 percentage points at the 95% confidence level.
>
>all reported margins of sampling error include computed design effects for weighting.
>
>each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 70% cellphone respondents and 30% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random-digit-dial methods.
source: [gallup](<url>)
they used a random sampling and conducted the survey via telephone. with phone surveys, typically the individual has to state openly they're willing to participate in the survey before even hearing the question, which is an effort to minimize participant bias. apparently the survey asked individuals whether or not they believed 22 individual behaviors were "morally acceptable", regardless of their opinion of the behavior's legality. the alcohol question and marijuana question used half-samples, but they're still random samples nonetheless, just with a slightly wider confidence interval. those confidence levels are fairly reasonable too and suggest significant data.
as long as reasonable methods were used to collect data, the participants' personal definitions of morality are pretty much irrelevant; surveys aren't meant to explain or determine behavior, they provide us the means to make a model to predict behavior. a survey that separates smokers from non-smokers and then polling them for their moral standpoint on marijuana use is like trying to make a model to predict when the sun goes down at night and when it comes back up in the morning. it's not nearly as useful information as a model that can be applied to the (adult) public in one step.
------
that's sort of like waking to sleep at a football game and using a blanket and a signal that people should be quiet. you're submersing yourself with masses of people, then expecting them to not interact. don't get me wrong, i understand what you're saying. i also like my solitude from time to time. having used the metra to get in to the city for years, i feel it hard to believe that people in the us try to communicate while on the train. possibly occasionally, or to alert you of trouble, like some bag falling over, but not on a continual basis. 99 % of the time people keep to themselves to not be rude. in other countries i would not e pact this though. the term ethnocentricity is important to remember when dealing with other cultures. you can't expect other communities to have the same mores ( social norms ) than the community oh grew up in. in parts of africa, it is customary to not form a line. people just barge to the front and whomever get tallest and pushiest, gets helped first. this is neither correct nor wrong, but just the feeling they hold. as hard as it is, you have to allow the possibility that this weirdo creep ( potential sex trafficker ) really was being genuinely kind in his culture. you don't have to bend your values, and have every right to protest your unease in the situation, but to expect everyone who adapt to your values is impossible. again, don't misinterpret my point. i believe this guy was a creep, but not everyone being forward is. while it sucks, you're going to have to choose between being angry and annoyed that people in crowded places, or in public for that matter, want to interact and share your life with you, or you'll have to lead a solitary public life. you can attempt to thwart people by using your headphones, and good for you for taking proactive steps, but to think giving in and realize you're playing the game of life is a better solution. also, implore the idea that you may be introverted. this is not bad, and studies show us some introverts are higher level thinkers. if you are, work on communicating this fact with people. pick up the book quiet, it's an excellent, easy read that explains introverts in a brilliant way. the mere fact that you responded to my comment with an open mind, shows you're an intelligent, rational person ( there are so few in this world ) that is open to new ideas. explore your own emotions regarding men talking to you, but fight hard not to fall in to the trap of a lot of kids who assume older men that converse with younger women are all perverts.
------
that people of a political party ignore accusations made against one of their own, e. g. keith ellison, bill clinton, donald trump, roy moore, richard nixon, etc. is precisely what is at issue here. that happens all the time. there is ample evidence. i'm sorry, but i'm not believing or disbelieving anyone because of their gender. did you read my post? i laid out precisely why this issue would not have been reported to law enforcement, but might be brought up for political purposes. let me tell you another story to illustrate your point. last year, a coke head who was living across the hall to me in my apartment building tried to break into my apartment, chased me on the street, and punched me in the face. i fled, and the next day when i returned, he did it again. he then proceeded to flood the apartment building. at the time, i chose not to press charges against him because i didn't want to have anything to do with him. but i assured you that if i ever see him running for political office i'd be open about my experience. you have to know that there is a difference between wanting someone to go to jail and him wanting them to be an elected / public official. and yes, i understand that you believe his wife and his family and his friends. everyone usually has people they treat well and who will vouch for them. i have no reason to disbelieve them. but it is simply not that case that his being a good man to his wife and kids and friends precludes his being a shitty drunk in college. they are not mutually exclusive, and you know it. and it stands, there are three women who have come forward with details regarding his alleged behavior. is there political motivation, sure. as i said in my post, people are certainly more inclined to go through the hassle of exposing themselves to media scrutiny to tell their story if they really don'r like someone... or to flip it around, you are less likely to go around the hassle if the person they're accusing is doing things they approve of. at the end of the day, this * * is * * a political issue rather than a criminal one. and i understand your position, i just happen to disagree with it. i'm not condemning his vilifying kavanuagh, but i don't disbelieve his accusers because not everyone corroborates their story or because his wife / friends / kids like him. as for your assertion about the burden of proof, well consider that this is neither criminal nor civil court, but what essentially amounts to a job screening. the burden should be neither beyond a reasonable doubt nor by a preponderance of evidence. it should, and is, the amount just necessary to convince those that are voting that he maybe shouldn't serve a lifetime appointment to the highest and most esteemed court of the land. just enough to convince them to pick another conservative nominee from the long list of qualified candidates.
------
what a rational, level headed response from a woman who clearly presents herself as a lady at all times.
the economy of california is the largest in the united states, boasting a <cur>2.746 trillion gross state product as of 2017. as a sovereign nation, california would rank as the world's fifth largest economy, ahead of the united kingdom but behind germany. wikipedia
there ya go, dumb cunt. and i am.in california. see if you can get some time off from target and come up here. wed love to have you! however, i doubt you can leave your state as i'm sure you're parole officer is keeping close tabs on you.
>prostitution booty licking liberals whiney sniveling snowflakes larceny anti gun anti vax anti religion anti meat peta corruption gentrification etc etc the list is a mile long
these are the ravings of a crazy person. you openly support a man who beat and raped his first wife, defrauded students at his "university ", weaponized bankruptcy to cheat contractors and suppliers, openly admitted to sexually assaulting strangers, openly admitted to walking in on underage pageant contestant as they changed, destroyed priceless works of art, ran 3 casinos into bankruptcy (yeah, great business acumen), insulted gold star families, p.o.w.'s and the disabled, cheated on all of his wives, has 5 kids with 3 women, disowned his daughter, acted a la a racist slumlord in tandem with his piece of shit father, laundered (and probably still does) money for organized crime... oh, and he openly advocated violating citizens 2nd and 4th amendments rights by stating the government should take guns away from citizens without due process. but you're smart, you knew all that. and chose to support him anyway. anything to rile up those liberals, huh? hope it was worth it as your children suffer under his terrible unfunded tax cuts that you boot lickers still haven't figured out is a scam to favor the rich. wait, that would mean someone had sex with you. nah, even i can smell the fucking crazy oozing out of your pores from here. theres no way any an would stick his dick in your kind of crazy. anyway, enjoy your miserable, lonely life in racist arizona (when did you guys decide to celebrate mlk day?) as you lick the boots of a man who doesn't even care about his children, let alone you or anyone else.
p.s. i'd be more than happy to cite all of my claims, except those about your mental state because even freud couldn't diagnose your kind of crazy.
> live in arizona and can open up a can of whoop ass anytime, you fucking people are all talk until you come face to face with somebody you don't agree with.
any time, cunt. bring your frie... wait, you dont have friends. well, see if anyone in the break room at target wants a beating, bring them with you!
------
> gay marriage is banned by the catholic church, inconsistent with other things banned in the same passage in the bible. (e.g. beard shaving and eating pork), but i'm sure with your greater years and wisdom, you knew that.
again no-where in the catholic bible does it say eating pork is sinful, nor does it say beard shaving is. considering most priests shave and the pope shaves. i'd say it's safe to say it's not sinful.
>so, despite there being no basis to discriminate against homosexuals, it has chosen to do so. not because it is god's word, but as a political decision.
the church doesn't discriminate against homosexuals. homosexuals are welcomed to the catholic church with open arms. homosexuality is a sin, but you hate the sin not the sinner because you sin it doesn't make you a bad person. no-one hates you for being gay. that is against god's wishes. the only person who can judge us is god. the basis for the church stating homosexuality is a sin, is because it is unnatural. i hate to tell you this, but it is unnatural and i mean that in the least disrespectful way i can say it. the natural course of reproduction is through vaginal sex. anal sex is not natural and cannot reproduce an offspring, same with female on female sex. there is no way that an offspring can be introduced. so when it's said that it is unnatural it's not in a sense of "ewww that's so gross." it's more of in a fact, that it is unnatural. humans were meant to reproduce through heterosexual means.
>with such a horrific past and while the pope still protects paedophiles,
that's just a statement thrown out there, you have no idea about the inter-workings of the church. which is clear just from the past few conversations we have been having.
>i have no idea how anyone with any ounce of compassion can continue to pay these hypocrites wages through tithing.
tithing isn't required. you can go to church and not pay them anything. it's not a "tax" or anything of that sort. so if you feel that your church is not providing you the true catholic service you think god would want, then go ahead. leave that basket empty. you can tithe in different ways such as volunteer work, or helping others.
>i'll remind you that it took a child to point out that the emperor is wearing no clothes.
it's alright, i was young like you once. i used to be atheist and had a very narrow opinion on the world. thinking that one bad apple created a bad tree. over time you'll realize that every group, culture, organization, structure, or community you're in will have the bad apples that do not do what they're supposed to. more educational workers commit sex crimes then all the catholic church combined. just for your information. the amount of sexual crimes committed by catholic priests is about 1% of the church as a whole. i think 1% of a billion person organization is pretty good if you ask me. that being said, i don't think that excuses the bad apples. it just you shouldn't let the media alter your view on reality that much. you should start reading stuff yourself instead of hope other people will translate the bible and catholic doctrine for you. you should also start reading about what the pope has done to condemn pedophiles in the church. you'll find a lot of stories about this are written by people with clear anti-church agendas.
------
i'm glad i can help! usually i say too much and someone hate me / think i'm too confrontational / too loud ( although i'm very quiet usually, just when there's an discussion i love to argue... ) / too something else.... so a few points : i don't dress to manipulate, but just dress in a way that makes me feel good / nice / sexy, depends on how i'm feeling really. the sex aversion... in my experience, it's one of two things : it could be depression or it could be that you don't think your partner is attractive any more / never has been / whatever. in the time you've been together, you've seen more of him than you like, and we're not attracted any more but still feel obligated to have sex because you're his girlfriend after all. this might be true, or might not, but maybe think on it. the way you're talking about yourself and your sexual issues ( by that i include'sexy dressing'issues ) sound very familiar to me and scream that something about your relationship with your boyfriend is not right. do you still love him? do you love him but don't find him sexy / attractive? is that why you hate him thinking you're sexy / desirable ( because it suggests he wants you, which you might not want any more, and that makes you feel'wrong '? as for the news and'it happens more often / with more dire consequences towards women'that might or might not be true. there's also male rape, and a lot of young boys often fall prey to older men as well, which makes them grow up'wrong'( as in, they will feel ashamed and what not, just like girls, probably all their lives ). does it happen more often to women? i don't know. it could mean, but then again, it could not. does it happen all of how women dress ('she dressed in this mini skirt so she definitely has it!!')? i don't know either, but i doubt it. i firmly believe the dress code comes after a predator has made up his mind to assault someone. and in that case, it does not matter if you're wearing feminine clothes or plain clothes. think about pedophiles for example, i doubt they care what the child is wearing when they make up their minds to assault him or her. as for'i don't know why i feel the need to conceal my body': i do think this has to do with your relationship to your boyfriend. i don't know why, but it seems connected, that's all. you talk a lot about feeling like you have to be someone / dress like someone to be accepted, and i guess the person who you want to be accepted by is likely a guy, and likely your boyfriend. however, this comes not from what he wants, but what you think you must do so he will love you, which he probably already does, but which you do not / no longer want. it's a contradiction, yes, but a lot of people feel this way, myself included. also, no one is making you dress this way and even if i can't deny that there is a patriarchy, i doubt anyone thinks this way. there are the sleazebags, who will think'oh yeah damn show us dat ass gurl ', who are immature and really shouldn't be relevant for you if otherwise you want to look pretty. and then there's the guys who'll have a quick look, smile because they think you're sexy ( which is a nice thing! ), and move on with their lives. this latter one is the equivalent of you looking at a hot guy's ass. i don't think any of them think'gotcha, etc. ', and if they do, you really really shouldn't care. the ones that do are sleazebags, and you don't need to care about those guys'opinion. again back to the sex aversion... i've already said what i think, so no more of that, but truly, do try to consider it yourself. could it be a man in your life now who makes you feel this way? do you feel guilty because you don't want his attention when you should want it because he's your so? has there been a man before who treated you badly? also, stop watching the news on sexual abuse. it gets you nowhere expect hatred of men / yourself, apparently. i am the same, that's why i don't watch any news at all. these issues really get to me, but i know i can't do anything about it, and maybe that's putting my head in the sand, but i have a lot of mental health issues to deal with already and don't need any more really. ps : ( last part of this text - wall, i swear it! ) i love red hair! i'm objectifying you and i haven't even seen you. so please, take that as a compliment from another woman, and just consider staring men the same. they're paying you a compliment. they're not laughing patriarchially at you, they just enjoy seeing pretty women dress prettily. at least the sensible ones do ( 90 % of the men ), and on the other 10 % you don't have to waste a single thought!
------
it was the most crooked election in history tbh.. both sides.. to a point its was obvious to anyone who isn't completely brainwashed by polarizing media. trump and hillary media coverage constant the entire time like no one else was evening running. hillary ( a women ) debating sanders.. both democrats.. and every single debate was up against football be it on a sunday or thursday night. aka not many ppl outside of lifer democrats are gonna go out of their way to watch it.. not undecided.. independent voters were isolated many ways from those debates that sanders generally won.. dnc leaks / whatshername schultz fiascos made it clear the fix was in for sure.. sanders wasn't given a fair shot at all by his " own " party who he himself knows is so fucked he only loosely associates himself for them.. all trump had to do was hold the media captive and that's what he does best. he can scream fake news till he's blue in the face but like cnn etc he wouldn't have been elected. then you have trump basically tanking the whole time. i'm sitting watching all this shit like.. this can't be fucking real. from the pussy or porn star fucking stuff.. to his wife basically reciting michelle obamas speech line for line.. i thought for sure that trump didn't want to be president and was trying to fuck up as many ways as he could and it's like anything he done good or bad just increased his popularity.. honestly really dont see how anyone can look back on all that happened and not see how fucked up it all is.. for the record i am neither left nor right.. democrat nor republican.. i hate all politicians equally because they are mainly all vampires that live off the backs of the evaporating middle families. sanders being one of the few that doesn't and the climate being the way it was he probably would have won had he beat hillary.. but he was cheated out of a presidency for many years. the benefit of the middle class being the main one.. when i see democrats bitching about trump i'll often say how the hell can you complain and still associate yourself with that party.. the dnc is more so responsible for trump winning the election than the republicans imo. they cheated for a candidate with a proven track record of being unelectable. they figured since she would be against trump it might be the only chance she had of actually winning.. wrong again. there on fault. its all a shit show point blank period.. still is.. anyone that has any faith in the government period needs to wake the fuck up.. trump might appear to be an outsider but he has been close to the clinton family and others for years.. he is not a even a republican historically and fell into a gap where entertainment personalities appeal to stupid poor folks. sorry if it offends but the truth hurts. all this shit is fake af. and most of you all are still asleep.. worse than that you think you know secret truths because you been lead in that direction by the puppet masters so you are comfortable in your blindness.
------
evolution a law just explains over time and multiple generations the allele frequency changes. life changes. the genes change, get removed, or added over time so that the phenotypes resulting from the genes changes. there are many natural processes to show how that works which have been proven. they are facts that are used to establish * how * the observations of life evolving take place. the theory is the explanation of reality combining the facts and the laws of life undergoing change. if something doesn't reproduce it doesn'not pass on genes and the genes that get passed on are effected by the genes available, adaptation, and heredity. sometimes a virus adds genes along the way. the other facts help to establish a family tree it looks more like a tumble weed but essentially all life is related such that evolution explains the history of life as well as the mechanisms for life to change. all of evolutionary theory remains true even if we find a better theory which we have a few times when it comes to evolution. if you start with the observations of life changing you can assume as owen did that a god learns from his mistakes giving you old earth creation, if you assume it is based on a parent child relationship you get evolution. lamark and darwin had their ideas where in one the changes were random and small acted on by natural and sexual selection and in the other the changes were related to whatever the parents did in adult form. if the parent stretches a bit then the child comes out a but goes out or perhaps there are a bunch of minor differences for neck and leg length and the ones that just happened to have longer legs and necks were a better fit for nature. those best fit for nature might have been deemed sexy by the population at large and also more likely to not starve to health or get eaten. this is darwinian evolution. life undergoes tiny changes from generation to generation which seem random and nature kills off the ones least fit. the survival of the fittest means that long neck giraffes outcompeted the short necked giraffes for food and thus survived to reproductive age more often and passed on their traits. darwin was right about this but wrong in other areas. then came forth heredity to explain why you don't get birds giving birth to frogs or crocodiles giving rise directly to man. all forms of life are some combination of features inherited from someone in their family tree following the parent - child relationships. sometimes you carry a trait that you don't express but that carried trait came from your own lineage. eye color, hair color, height, skin color, and other traits are directly linked to your parents but your siblings will get some other mix. darwinism and heredity merged to form a better theory for evolution. then they discovered how dna works and can be used to trace a family history and how it can be used to explain phenotypical traits. they learned that humans have somewhere around 128 mutations just in the gamete to zygote stages of development and undergo just as many mutations at least 30 more times in their lifetime. this was used to show that mutation isn't truly random and that most mutations go unnoticed. most of the mutations you experience that would be detrimental lead to things like cell death or cancer unless they happen to get passed onto the next generation where they are more likely to take hold in things such as muscular dystrophy, down syndrome, fibra mialgia, sickle cell anemia or other cases that don't end in immediate death. some beneficial mutations are things like the ability to consume milk into adulthood, skin color to match the environment before permanent housing was a thing, the immunity to hiv, the low body fat and developed muscles, strong bones, or the ability to survive high altitudes without getting altitude sickness. most of the other mutations are neutral like eye color or whatever. it was discovered that viruses led to evolution and that neotony played a huge role as well many times. the vertebrates descended from an ancestor something like a universe but which lives out its life in bilateral mobile form which is the juvenile stage. humans retain the juvenile ape skull so that instead of the crest on top of our heads and the powerful jaw muscles we have weak jaws and large brains. the theory of evolution we use today incorporates all of that. it doesn't include a god but a god can be included without invalidating what is true. it just brings up serious problems with the assumption that a god was ever involved in the first place.
------
> if you thought he'd go to prison for 6 months for telling lies, now you're delusional. then you are insulting sweet bob mueller and his crack team of lawyers. > we still have a second manafort trial. i understand why you may want to change the topic on this one, buddy... especially if ye were one of those people a year ago promising that popodopolus was the john dean of this watergate... < url > > george papadopoulos is the'john dean'of the russia investigation, your fiancee says at least.... she said that before begging trump for a pardon. > michael " let's kidnap fetullah gulen and send him back to turkey to get executed " flynn has yet to be sentenced. i see. and you are predicting that he will confesses to treason and prove this collusion concept as truth? the guy who said this like a week ago : < url > > " after over 33 years of military service to another country, including nearly five years in combat away from my family, and then my decision to continue to serve the united states, it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of " treason " and other outrageous acts. > " such false accusations are contrary to everything i have ever done and stood for. but i recognize that the actions i acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in god, i am working to set things right. my guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with my special counsel's office reflect a decision i made in the best interests of my family and of our country. i accept full responsibility for my actions. " or maybe you missed all the retractions that day... i see how it can be confusing. afterall, about 90 % of the media followed brian ross and insisted he was pleading guilty to collusion with russia during the investigation for like... the entire day. professional reporters everywhere had the actual plea and this statement available to them... but instead ran with " he is flipping on trump "... a story that cost brian ross his job : < url > > ross had initially reported friday morning that she was prepared to testify that donald trump as a defendant had instructed him to reach out to the russians. ross said more than seven hours later on " world news tonight " that his information was actually that flynn was prepared to testify trump made the request as president - elect. on saturday evening, abc news said ross had been suspended for four weeks without pay for what it termed the " serious error. " you know... stole the election, spoke to an ambassador after winning the election - same thing! > also, trump has yet to be questioned by mueller. i wonder if he will get that like he got his 6 months, gnome sane? > trump can't talk without perjuring himself. what a tard i couldn't agree with you more. that guy shoots himself in the foot more than the shakiest gun in the west... the only thing more embarrassing would be a believer of the new red scare.
------
> i'll read some of what you've recommended, thank you
no obligation. i was just trying to help find common ground.
> sorry if i've offended you in the way i said anything,
you have not.
> but there is nothing worth of making you speechless in what i exposed here
i just have literally nothing to say about your commentary. i do not agree that social validity has meaning in the same way that truth does. so, i literally have no response.
the concept is simply beyond ludicrous to me.
> in fact, my understanding is one of very current acceptance among social scientists and easily demonstrable. sadly, social sciences have very little respectability between lay people and its to this day a knowledge of the "intelectual elite"
i respect the social sciences tremendously. i have an interest in psychology and anthropology. i understand that there is a lot of interesting culture.
but, the fact that a society believes that rubbing blue mud in their belly buttons will give them magic powers (not something i've ever actually heard of) does not make it so. it may make it an important part of their culture. but, they're not actually going to be able to perform magic.
ditto for the [afikoman](<url>) being handed out in catholic churches turning into 2,000 year aged [long pig](<url>). it may be useful for catholics to profess this belief to other catholics. but, the belief itself is neither true nor a valid belief.
> i wish i could discuss this topic with people without sounding like an idiot, as you might be thinking of me, but unfortunately the premisses on wich i base my ideas are still very alien to people outside the academic circle
i don't think you're an idiot. i think the idea that something having social value causes it to become valid is flatly false.
> i can guarantee you, however, that its not a problem of me talking wishy washy bullshit, but rather a conflict in ways of seeing the world
yes. a conflict that stems from the fact that you believe social value causes validity and i do not. i think socially valuable customs can still be total fucking crap when they are demonstrably false beliefs.
the world does not, in fact, rest on the back of a turtle. if a culture says it does and it's people believe that, it is still invalid and false.
> the difference is i know, using my own logic, that your world view is valid, whereas you and your absolute logic can only accept your understanding as being so
i believe in the value of evidence.
> i've studied anthropology for 5 years and never heard jared diamond's name being mentioned anywhere by anyone in the field. since he is originally a biologist, it is clear that the anthropology wich he interacts with is biologic anthropology, wich is a very different thing from what i am talking about. not that he is not important, its just that his view on this topic is not as relevant as you want it to be
it's a shame. his multidisciplinary look at our species could teach you a lot about what we are, where we came from, and where we're going, as well as why certain cultures dominate large chunks of the world while others do not.
anthropology is the study of human beings. we're a complex species. there is a lot to study. i think you're ignoring large swaths of information about who and what we are.
------
women are almost *never* penalized more harshly than men. just look at the criminal justice system. a study in the uk determined that if female criminals were treated as harshly as males, roughly half of all prisoners would be women.
the only area i can think of where women are treated more harshly by societies are in cases of adultery. not in the current day west, but in the past and in religious fundamentalist communities. this probably arose due to the uniquely male fear of unwittingly raising another man's offspring (studies show that when this happens, the mental trauma for the man is similar to rape). but even in religious fundamentalist societies, and excepting cases of adultery, women are still treated much more leniently for every other "sin" or crime. "witchcraft" is one other possible exception, but today in eg saudi arabia more men are executed for that "crime" than women.
so it would be quite surprising if what feminists are claiming about female tennis players is true and, lo and behold, it isn't. men receive more violations.
an argument could be made that umps have it out for serena *in particular* -- not because she's black or a woman -- but because she has a history of being extremely nasty toward umps. eg she previously threatened to shove a ball down the "fucking throat" of a (female) umpire after a foot fault. but even this doesn't stand up to scrutiny: mcenroe was actually disqualified from the australian open for acting in a similar fashion. if anything, serena was treated leniently by not being ejected for her temper tantrum.
bottom line is that feminists cry "sexism" about literally everything, even when the reality is the exact opposite of what they claim. it's a really awful thing to do -- to single out a man just doing his job and accuse of him being an awful person. they're abusing female social power.
the us media has acted shamefully by backing serena and tacitly supporting her poor sportsmanship. would they be acting the same way if a male player had spent ten minutes berating an ump and accusing him of being a liar and a thief? i doubt it. only one or two articles like [this one](<url>) in the new york post have reported the situation honestly.
i'll end with the words of former tennis player greg rusedski, who reached an atp ranking of number 4.
>"the cries of "sexism" surrounding the serena williams story are a red herring. this is about personalities, not about gender.
>"the vast majority of players know when to stop arguing with an umpire. but a couple of high-profile names have had trouble in this area: williams on three different occasions at the us open, and john mcenroe on a far more regular basis.
>the precedents are clear. if you keep raging away, it ends badly."
<url>
------
> i would add before it can survive outside the uterus
this addition is problematic because survivability varies. 25 wks is around the time where most fetuses would be viable outside the womb, but this is not a guarantee. but for legal purposes there needs to be a hard date (like age requirements for drinking or smoking). i'd also be curious what you would call the willful termination of a pregnancy at 26 wks (or when the fetus can survive outside the womb).
> like the rigth to think freely nobody can stop you from doing it and you do not depend on an outside force to do it
the definition of an inalienable right does not mean that it doesn't depend on an "outside force" or you literally cannot be stopped from doing it (like thinking). it means that it is a natural human right that we do not permit the government to take away through legislation unless specifically warranted. now if you don't consider bodily autonomy to be an inalienable right then i'm afraid we're going to have to agree to disagree.
> she can give birth on her own but not abort.
you might want to look into that claim. women have been performing self abortions for quite some time. the big difference with having it legal is that it can be performed with a reduced risk potential.
> i dont say law and morals are the same thing but influence each other greatly
i agree. but you brought up the legal factor as if it defines the morality. it's irrelevant.
> goverment is quite important in the case of abortion,it fully or partially funds abortion
this is an argument for coverage, not choice.
> women are not reduced to be incubators !,they are born that way all female mammals are ,all women have the capacity of being incubators for human beings
when you tell a woman that because she was born with a uterus, if she becomes pregnant then she forfeits the ability to determine how her body will be used, you have reduced her to a human incubator. you have determined that the rights of the fetus outweigh her right to deny the use of her body to sustain the life of that fetus. her purpose is to carry that fetus until the cycle concludes or terminates through natural means.
> their hole reprudctive system has a purpose of getting genetic material for a new human being.
purpose does not equal requirement.
> evolution has not led to a capacity for the female to stop a pregnancy of her own.
no, advancements in medical knowledge and procedures have. just like so many other things we control through actions and not evolutionary traits.
> i think the example of slavery does have relation ,slaves didnt have their rigth to "bodily integrity" even duh they had a body and then with progress this rigth and many more were recognized to them.
yes, it shows how legality and morality are not interchangable and how bodily autonomy is a right that should be recognized. that's *my* point.
> the disagreement is wheter the baby in womb should have recognition of its body integrity
the right to life ends when it requires the use of another person's body against their will in order to survive. i have bodily autonomy, i do not have the right to use any part of any person's body without their permission so i can survive. now if you're using body integrity to emphasize how the fetus is its own separate person, fine. we take that person and separate it from the other person. problem solved.
> the baby is not violating the body of the woman
i don't mean to sound insulting but, are you serious? you might want to look into this claim as well.
> the baby is a consequences of the nature of the woman,of the sexual organs that all women have ,the baby didnt make a choice.
pregnancy is the consequence, abortion is the response to that consequence. the fact that something is a consequence of an action doesn't render me incapable of responding to that consequence. there are many people who "didn't make a choice" regarding a variety of circumstances. this does not give them the right to use the body of another against that person's will in order to survive.
> the baby fits all the requirements for "bodily integrity"
again, i don't think you're grasping what that term means.
> the process of conception of human beings ,comes from evolution if women dont wanna have babies they have many choices
condoms break, birth control fails, many facilities won't perform surgery unless certain criteria are met, and people are going to have sex. reduction of unintentional pregnancies through contraceptives, planning, and sex education is key, i agree. but even if we throw all that out the window, we still don't have the right to force a person, any person, to use their body against their will in order to sustain the life of another.
------
i legitimately loved name of the wind, but found wise man's fear lacked a lot of the same qualities that made me enjoy rothfuss's writing and characters.
in the first book we follow a lead character who has been robbed of everything in his life except for a lute. that boy plays the lute to its death while he slowly starves. this is a character that starts from literally nothing except for the skills he taught himself along the way. it's fantastic to start seeing the little things go right for him, learning to beg in the right spots and learning to avoid the guardsmen. seeing him figure out that he can use his unusual talent with the lute to get more donations and even to "work" in taverns and pubs to make money. we love seeing things start to go well and we are given hints of the backstory of his parents death. his final success is going to the school of his dreams. it is the literal rags to riches story we all love.
however in wise man's fear, the same boy is arrogant (rightfully so maybe, but heedless of the insurmountable odds that he surmounted to get here), simultaneously a literal genius savant, and a dumb teenager, his mistakes in this was i find irritating because of his genius, but he is allowed to make them. he's a teenager. he ages, he gets in trouble in school he cheats his punishment and gets a badass reputation. he becomes the best magician at the school, with the promise that he is likely to be the best magician alive using his knowledge of the name of the wind.
so know kvoth is the worlds best lute player, and the worlds best magician (i honestly cannot recall what they called themselves or even what he magic was called, sorry!). getting a little mary sue, but he's still a kid and still makes mistakes. wise man's fear adds to his strengths, he is abducted by a faerie goddess and has endless sex until he is the world's best sex haver. rothfuss also skips a few beats that i find jarring and irritaing. kvoth is also an amazing lawyer getting himself out of jail via his logical genius, but we don't see that, we are given a 1 paragraph summary. kvoth survives a ship wreck that lives everyone(?) dead except him, but we are given a 1 paragraph summary of that. kvoth fights literal dragons and finds a secretive monk society and convinced them to teach him their art. i find this story of a young boy with nothing growing and learning to survive and even excel wonderful, inspiring, and intriguing due to the allusion to his future maintaining a bar in hiding. wise man's fear seems like the background to someone's overpowered dnd character; "i played the lute for weeks non stop until i was incredible (writes in bard level 5), i went to magic school until i was an incredible wizard (writes in wizard level 5), i was abducted by a faerie queen and had consentual sex with her for an undetermined amount of time (sets charisma score to 20, checks proficiency for performance), then i lived in a monastery (writes in monk level 5). i find the entire story too fantastic a sequel for what i thought was a well grounded, patient, and well written first book. my issue is not with sex in fantasy, sex is a certainty in all things. my issue is that the character develops in ways that make him less attractive to the reader(which in itself is not a bad thing), and becomes the literal best st whatever he sets his mind to and does it in record time. rothfuss's writing suffers as well and his decision to skip over what could have been important or interesting story beats harms the flow and the story. finally, i understand that kvoth is not necessarily a reliable narrator, and if we are reading the journalists sensationalized retelling then it makes excuses for these things, but excuses for silly story beats does not make them enjoyable. of course this is all my opinion, sorry if i didn't get it across well via mobile. i have a harder time getting my thoughts across when i am not at a keyboard.
tldr; kvoth goes from being a tragic character who uses his strengths to overcome poverty, starvation, and pay for schooling in book one. book two he takes over the school, becomes the valedictorian, the best magic user, the best lute player, the best fighter, the best sex haver(seriously) and has access to a power that few others have or have had access to. he only avoids being a complete mary sue, by making a plethora of childish and frustrating mistakes.
------
i'm a former financial auditor who used to audit a pharma company so i have a bit of a different perspective. stealing from an old post of mine that i saved:
<url>
> [drug patents only last for 20 years from the date a patent was filed. exclusivity periods are even shorter than that but if a company releases a competing drug before the patent has expired they will owe royalties.](<url>)
> because drug development is so incredibly expensive ([estimated at <cur>2.6 billion for a successful drug, as of a 2014 study](<url>)), drug companies need to file their patents very early in the process. [this is a problem because drug development takes 12 years on average](<url>). so, over the course of a decade a pharmaceutical company needs to commit up to ~<cur>2.5 billion in development costs on a drug that might not even be successful, and then it only has 8 years to recoup those costs and actually make a profit (which they are obligated to do in accordance with stakeholder requirements) by building a brand from scratch. thus, because they have such a small window to recoup their investment, they need to incur massive sales and marketing costs just to ensure that their new drug can even be competitive in the short time frame it can be sold before facing generic competition.
> meanwhile, even though patents last for 20 years, a pharmaceutical company realistically only has a few years of exclusivity before another company will challenge their patent. these patent challenges typically result in a settlement in which the challenger receives the right to produce a competitor before the exclusivity period or patent has expired for established royalty charges (or sometimes no royalty at all). so now the drug company that funded this development has even less time to recoup its investment.
> that's why you see such exorbitant drug pricing - pharmaceutical companies incur a significant risk and have a very limited window with which to see a return. there is ample room to still develop safe drugs without the requiring so many hurdles that it takes 12+ years to develop. alternatively, patent life could be extended to ensure pharmaceutical companies have more time to recoup their costs - thus they could justify lower pricing (but spread out over a longer period of time).
> as far as why they "happily accept much lower prices from national healthcare systems", that also relates to the points i've stated above. they have a very limited window with which to make a return on their very significant investment. during that time, they're better off taking whatever they can get and "less money from socialist countries" is better than "no money from socialist countries" in an industry where most of the drug's costs have already been incurred by that point. the end result is that countries like america end up having to pick up the slack and get charged more. trust me on this, if america went to a single-payer system, you would see the leverage of all of these other socialist countries immediately eroded and they would be forced to pay significantly more.
one other point i will add to this is that the "big pharma" companies are shifting toward an acquisition approach for r&d versus in-house r&d to offset the risk of failed development. thus a lot of r&d spend is now borne by small pharmaceutical companies hoping to hit the jackpot with a blockbuster product that they can then sell, at a premium, to a large pharmaceutical company that has the infrastructure and expertise to sell the product. big pharma companies get an almost "sure thing" to sell without bearing much of the r&d risk and small pharma companies get rewarded for innovation. however, because of this approach the big pharma companies' financials will show significantly less r&d expense because that expense is now classified as business development.
------
most people act on gut feeling. i try to come up with a rule and follow it. if the rule has exceptions, i try to explain them logically. if i can't, the exception is invalid and the entire rule must be reworked. i have yet to find a reason to ban incestuous fun. unless it falls under a different rule, such as don't groom kids. come on, obviously i'm not talking about super atas chicken rice. or paying for delivery. that's paying for not having to walk, not for the food itself. i'm glad that i'm noticeably consequentialist. my personal system is derived from consequentialism, but i give value to emotions. i used to be pure consequentialist, but that had its problems. for example, purely logically, stalin was irrefutably right to force people into horrible working conditions for the good of the ussr. but it was clearly a fundamental wrong. so there must be a reason. the only way i can justify calling stalin a bad man is by shifting the ultimate goal of existence from technological advancement to happiness. and that makes far more sense. i believe that all people must work toward a goal. that is my most fundamental belief. therefore, only a moral system that is goal oriented can be valid. deontology is based on the journey. but after the past few years, i've been unable to come up with a journey that's worthwhile unless it has a worthwhile goal. sometimes the journey misses the goal. but the common factor is still the goal, even if it's not a single lump sum payoff at the end. my system includes some traits that seem deontological on the contrary, but on further analysis are revealed to be consequentialist. for every question, i have to ask'happiness'and question the answer again and again until a concrete reason pops up.'because it's right'isn't a concrete reason since right is subjective. but happiness is not. if you're mistaken, nobody can make the argument that you actually aren't. there id an absolute minimum of happiness in your brain. that's a concrete fact. all laws infringe on personal freedom. therefore all laws are unjust. however, they also improve society in some way, supposedly. if the latter outweighs the former, then they become justified. the only way to say a law is unjust is to say that the freedom it sacrifices is worth more than the safety ( or etc ) that it grants. this is subjective. if i were a dictator, i would ban any couple who is unable to have normal offspring from having children. unless they can find a way to have normal offspring. or if they have a significant chance to have a defective child, i would ban them too if that was scientifically proven. but again, if they solve their problem, then go ahead. however, if i were a democratically elected leader, and i believed myself to be the best man for the job, i wouldn't do this. knowing that it would make me lose the next election, the good i could do with other policies outweighs the loss of'goodness'by allowing more instances of genetic diseases into the world. i could implement a less heavy handed approach, but i can't think of one right now. if i actually thought i could solve all the world's problems, i'd go into politics. oh and one more reason i won't support practical eugenics ( i support the idea, but it would never work ). just like the reason communism fails, and capitalism allows poverty, because people suck. who gets to decide what's bad enough to be banned? cerebral palsy is pretty bad, i think everyone would agree the world would be a better place if we eradicated that. but what about a citrus allergy? is that bad enough to take away someone's right to have kids? i don't think so, but i'm not going to be the dictator. whoever becomes the dictator might disagree. by my own judgement, i think i could fairly decide what is or is not as bad. by his judgement, he thinks the same of himself. and so does everyone. therefore, my judgement on myself is invalid. i would need an entire committee to decide. and what if the result is decided by a difference of 1 vote? that falls within the bounds of uncertainty. so do we do it then? i can't say. no human can. i don't even think a computer can. so just like communism, eugenics cannot be effectively carried out by humans on humans. and since we're dealing with humans, i would vote against eugenics even though it is objectively a good idea
------
>i think that's the point of this subreddit and all the debates we do here. not to pretend to be intellectually or morally superior, but to reflect upon our beliefs and see through the flaws in them, and change accordingly. if someone gives a convincing proof for the existence of god, i would gladly consider changing my beliefs.
i agree wholeheartedly.
>that only shows that lying is wrong though. support cs lewis' narnia shows that lying is wrong, does that mean the story of narnia is true and the lion and evil queen do exist, and every other moral in narnia is infallible? obviously not.
no, it shows that narnia was written by someone who modeled his story on the story of christ. the lion and the queen are based on the archetype of christ and satan.
>the bible, as any other novel, tries to teach some "life lessons". even if you find those morals right, it only shows that the bible's morals fit your worldview, not that the bible is factually right or that your moral basis is the bible.
the bible is not the basis of my morality, but rather a story about the basis of my morality.
>and i'm saying it's simply: i think x is wrong -> i was wrong to x
that doesn't make sense. x is either right or wrong, regardless of what you or i think of it. if this is not the case, and since we all think different things who's to say anything is right or wrong?
>the bible explicitly commands stoning gay people (leviticus 20) and people who had premarital sex (deuteronomy 22).
i am not jewish. i don't think the levitical law is something that is applicable today.
>my point is, a gay couple can have the purest, noblest, most selfless elements that are present in a straight couple.
based on what definition of purity, nobility, or selflessness?
>i was refuting your point that people reject christianity because they want to do something (often considered sinful) and they want to be free to do it. i'm saying no, people can reject christianity purely because they find its standards and morality unjust and bigoted.
fair enough. if i didn't, i should have said some people.
>i'm glad you think that way. yet proclaiming you love homosexuals, while denying the validity of their marriage or love, is not exactly loving. imagine someone saying, "i love black people, i just don't think they should be allowed to get married!" does that seem coherent to you?
forgive me, but i think you are strawmanning me. i'm all for gay people getting married. i am a libretarian and have no desire to live under a theocracy.
>good for you to be honest! i think in these discussions, intellectual honesty and respect for people of other beliefs are paramount.
me too. i should have just left it with an i don't know when asked about homosexuality, but for the sake of conversation i replied.
>again, suppose two scenarios, in one you find yourself hurting others but the bible did not say anything about that
this is a strange hypothetical bible and nothing like the one i actually live by. i would follow my conscience and stop doing the harmful thing.
> in another the bible says those lifestyle is wrong, but you honestly can't see how it hurts anyone.
i understand that i am not omniscient, and that maybe i am honestly mistaken as i have been many times. i would discuss my concern with someone i trust and see if they could help me understand. if not, i'd follow my conscience and depend on god's grace to be sufficient for me.
>i'm afraid i can't agree to that. i know the golden mean is an ancient philosophical idea back from antiquity, but it doesn't really make sense. is someone who is \*too\* kind to everyone cruel?
a person is a finite being with finite resources. i am charged with taking care of my children. if i give all my money to every person i see that is in need, and spend all of my time building houses for homeless people i am neglecting my family, which is not only unwise, but cruel to them.
on the contrary, if i love my children more than anything, and am determined for them to thrive, if i cheat other people's children to help my loved ones i am being cruel. in both scenarios compassion is driving me to cruelty.
>is someone too full of "christian virtues" non-christian?
it's possible if you focus on a single one of them at the expense of all the others.
if i give away all i have, and if i deliver up my body to be burned, but have not love, i gain nothing.
1 corinthians 13:3
>yes that is correct. but my point remains: you parents caused you to believe killing is wrong, but your rationale for believing that isn't "parents taught me so". in the same sense, your bible is (partially) responsible for causing you believe x is wrong, but ultimately you rationale for believing x is wrong should be based on empathy or something else, not "bible taught me so".
ok. but in almost every instance, my bible and my conscience are in agreement.
------
tfc is my favorite online game of all time despite the fact that i haven't played it in a few years ( mostly due to the little community that's left. ) i have 3000 + hours in the game for sure, i was playing it since well before steam came out. that just said, i feel like your post is a bit misinformed / misguided. > not only is there no tutorial of any kind, the way the game is played is drastically different from what was intended ( medic being the type that caps instead of healing ) the game was released in 1999. i honestly don't remember multiplayer games back then having tutorials, and if they were, it was super basic stuff. there's also not that much to learn. there were 9 classes. each with no more than 2 grenades ( 1 gun which is the same across all classes with the exception of scout, ) and no more than 3 guns and a melee weapon. true, some of the secondary units aren't very useful, like the regular shotgun for soldiers or hwguy or nail gun for sniper, but it's not like the game has some great learning curve to figure out what weapons are good in what situation. also, i'm not sure why you say the game just played drastically different from what was intended. you use the medic example, but it's the only example you can give because it's the only example that is played different that what was intended. they're the second fastest class in the game and have conc grenades which while they were intended for defensive purposes to make it hard for someone to aim, it was discovered to be much better as a movement tool. > a ton of weapons and classes are useless ( hello, boys ) " a ton " is putting it very generously. pyro is not a useless class by any means. sure, it feels a bit underpowered, but i played a lot of pyro despite success. whenever a player is burning, they get flame sprites that obscure their vision. this is especially important against great snipers in the game. sometimes you can't even cross to the enemy base with the snipers and have but just burn them up with some quick pop outs with incendiary rockets and suddenly they won't be able to see that well, allowing your team access to their base and rendering the sniper useless in close combat. not to mention it works for any class that likes to sit in one spot. it just takes one hit to get them burning. a hwguy guarding a corner? just blind him with flames. and a ton of weapons seems like an odd argument since that can be said about pretty much any game ever made. what game even sees the majority of weapons being used? it's always the same couple of guns in each class while the rest of the guns go unused. that being said, there aren't that many guns and they all do see use. there's only one that i never saw get use and that's the regular shotgun for hwguy. i'll go through all the guns now ( i'll skip the crowbar since it's obviously just a melee weapon that every shooter has ) : scout - shotgun - fight other players. nail gun - destroy sentry guns sniper - sniper rifle - sniping people. auto rifle - close range. nail gun - back up for when auto rifle runs out of ammo soldier - rocket launcher - primary weapon. super shotgun - when you don't have time to reload. shotgun - when you need to reload the super shotgun and know you just need another shot or 2. demoman - gl grenade - offensive grenade to clear out chokepoints or if your aim is good enough, for 1 vs 1 close range combat. pipe bomb - defensive purposes, set up a trap you can destroy whenever you want, shotgun - when you need some precise shots to kill someone. medic - super nailgun - for destroying sentry guns. super shotgun - primary weapon for fighting other players. shotgun - secondary weapon for fighting other players when you need to reload your primary. hwguy - assault cannon - primary, super shotgun - when you need to move as quickly as possible and can't slow down for the ac to whirl and start firing, regular shotgun - true, useless. pyro - flamethrower - close range primary. incendiary rocket - longer range primary, shotgun - good for fast classes since the flamethrower has low range and the incendiary rocket travels slowly. spy - super shotgun - primary gun for player, nail gun - for sentry guns, tranq gun - for slowing down other players. engineer - railgun - true, useless, super shotgun - primary weapon so going through every class and every weapon they have, i can only think of 2 weapons and 0 classes that are useless. and out of the 2 weapons that i listed above, one of them is useful in other classes. > the divide between good and bad players is way bigger because of the high skill differences, true, there is a high skill ceiling, not a high learning curve though. but isn't that true for just about every game ( especially games in the late 90s and early 2000s? ) how many games are you going to run into that doesn't have players that are significantly better than the rest? you probably only notice if you played recently because a - a lot of players who still play the game after tf2 came out are the very high skilled players and b - there was no match making back then. if you're one of the many people who enjoyed tf2 and wanted to see where it all started, you're likely going up against people who will destroy you since they have 1000 + hours in the game. that being said, if you want to play on a private server with me sometime, i can definitely show you how every class works, it's strengths and weaknesses, when you should play them, etc in probably a half hour at most. > it was a good idea to remove grenades for the sequel too, because they pretty much ruined all the classes ( again, see medic ). why have different class types if grenades basically make them all the same? i've always heard mixed things. people complain about the spammers and that's why they were glad grenades got removed but grenades for any of the half - way decent players were a very useful tool that was used to push players, allow access to otherwise inaccessible areas for classes that can't rocket jump, and just a generally cool addition to combat since you can prime them while firing your gun and release them whenever you want. also, grenades did not make all the classes the same at all. every class had it's clear, defined strengths and weaknesses with or without grenades. the only classes that would be signficantly changed without grenades are scouts and medics and they're the only two that use conc grenades that deal 0 damage. > plus, the game really was that great, it'd still be played a lot nowadays, like cs1. 6. but nope, you can only find a handful of servers, with like 2 of them having actual players on it. i'm not sure what this has to do with anything? what about the original doom, quake 3 arena, unreal tournament, etc? tfc is basically a hybrid of arena / team - based shooter. arena shooters are just dead now. hell, the newest unreal tournament was released fairly recently, was 100 % free, and it was a dead game on release. you can look at any of the great ones, it's not a genre people want to play anymore. a lot of players who were great at arena shooters at the time of their popularity don't really have time to play games anymore. they're all in their 30s - 40s with families and careers now. sure, they might still play games, but not enough to populate an old arena game. they'll just go elsewhere where they can jump in a quick game here and there. tl : dr - i feel like u / darkslide3000 struck a chord with you by saying tf2 was dumbed down from tfc and that was what lead you to post your argument but it's so flawed i feel like you didn't really play tfc much, if at all. is tf2 a streamlined version of tfc? yes, you're right that it is more streamlined. but it's also a lot more dumbed down too.
------
> you haven't actually gone in-depth to criticize how i structure my logic.
of course, i should have written a whole essay in a response to a extremely simple matter with a obvious fallacy you made because otherwise you won't recognize it.
you made a fallacy, you don't have any evidence. it's actually quite simple. either deal with it or gtfo, because you don't provide any substantial arguments from quite a long time.
> instead, you brush it off.
stay in denial.
> you didn't expect to come across someone that actually has an understanding of mathematical proofs have you?
no, i didn't expect to come across someone so delusional and arrogant person that thinks he is right and has flawless logic even though is making a painfully obvious fallacy and at the same thrashtalks to other person.
if you think that you are someone that i couldn't possibly expected then you are incredibly delusional and arrogant.
> you don't have anything substantial to say because you don't even know what to say.
anything substantial, you mean when i showed you that you make post hoc fallacy, explained why is it fallacy and that's why you don't have any evidence? when i pointed out that happiness and joy didn't have to be the only emotions and you didn't rule them out which means they are affecting the result? yeah, if you ignore my comments just like you are doing this whole time then you won't see any substantial argument, lmfao.
let me guess, for you correlation implies causation, right?
> you never mention "proof by contradiction" or "if, then" statements because you don't know what they are
so even if i don't know that, it means i am wrong about what i say? ad personam at it's finest. but keep trying, maybe someday you will spout something valuable from your brain.
> the problem is... in "if p, then q" statements, p and q are....independent of each other! which is a pretty important part of the explanation i gave you prior to this.
if p, then q logic hardly works out when there are multiple variables that affects the result. of course you can as usually ignore the rest of variables just like you did with my arguments for your own agenda.
> and i didnt explain this because this is taught in logic classes; those of which you dont need right?
so in those classes you were taught that post hoc is perfectly fine logic? or is it some kind of bullshit you came out by yourself?
> oh look, i know what a hoc fallacy is...did i spoil your fun?
fun? no, if you know about it and still refuse acknowledge your fallacy then you are delusional.
> not even gonna bother with the rest of that garbage you wrote.
the only garbage here is your reasoning and comments.
------
i can give you a real world working pro's perspective on low light/high iso - it's massive for higher iso's at least. basically one and half stops on iso performance for me. 3200 was as high as i'd go in m43. 6400 really does fall apart unless perfectly exposed in decent light and even then it's borderline but it can be used. they shouldn't even have bothered with settings above that.
if you're shooting in good light and just cranking the iso to get the shutter speed you need, maybe for birding or something, i think you might get better looking results, but details disappears nonetheless at those isos.
i truly dearly want to use m43 professionally as they're so small and robust and have such great features but the files for my work were just unusable in too many cases. i'm actually _really_ interested in what panasonic do with the full frame, if they put ff sensor in a g9 body or bit bigger but kept the features that would be one hell of a system (if the lenses are any good too i guess).
m43 also have more dof which for me is awesome as i'm a bit of an anti-bokeh guy given i have to shoot wide open so much being that i shoot a huge amount in low light. more dof for things like first dance is fantastic if you can get it.
i second shot for a mate at a wedding as a 'you get a free photographer who's just testing kit' type deal (clients were cool with it) and shot alongside him as main photographer in case of any issues. good job we did that as basically 75% of the files from the e-m1 mk 1 just didn't hold up. this was uk winter wedding in afternoon and we're documentary only, no flash so torture test for sure, but m43 didn't cut it. xt-1, which i shot along side was actually fine, mostly.
looking now side by side at the files in lightroom i'd say that there's a completely obvious difference between the files at same iso. 3200 is grainy as fuck with the m43. it really is pretty bad, and i've delivered files at 25k out of a d700 before (banding and all) so i'm not exactly shy of dropping technical quality if i get the bloody shot!
we did end up delivering files from the m43 at 6400 for that wedding but holy fuck do you lose detail. and i actually had to setup off camera flash for the dancing just to bring up the shadows as the dynamic range drops off so steeply at higher iso, something which i hardly ever have to do on any other camera (save for the time the first dance was lit by just a fucking glitter ball in a wood panelled room, cheers for that dj).
compared to the 6400 xt-1 files we delivered, well the xt-1 at 6400 looks like about 2000 on the e-m1.
sensors have now improved a bit too. the 24mp x-trans in the xe-3, which i actually just used at a wedding and is a pretty great little camera body, is noticeably better than the 16mp in the xt-1. probably a stop better noise at high iso (i shot an xt-1 alongside an xe-3). i tested the e-m1 in the shop, so not in harsh conditions, and it really looked about half a stop better than it's predecessor, not as big a jump as the fuji anyway. for some reason m43 sensor development doesn't seem to be advancing as fast as other sizes.
i'm sure there are millions of technical blog posts about the difference but for me, clients were noticing the difference with m43 and i wasn't able to get the shots i actually needed to. it was 'getting in the way' of me doing my job.
so with this new bsi sensor i'm hopeful fuji will bring another stop of high iso performance. with the amount of mp you get now, actually printing stuff means you can easily get away with 12k or even 25k iso on aps-c (for my stuff), so high iso should hopefully become a non-issue. i'll always take more low light performance, which is why i used to lug around massive full frame bodies and glass, but now i reckon with the way fuji has been improving and the state of high iso it's becoming a non-issue for most work i do. and that's pretty amazing given the small size and weight of the kit.
so yeah, fuji is in a sweet spot (which is why i switched from nikon) and really doing some great stuff.
------
yes.. it is the gender pay gap in the united statesis the ratio of female - to - male median or average ( depending on the source ) yearly earnings among full - time, year - round workers. the average woman's unadjusted annual salary has been cited as 78 % [ 2 ] to 82 % [ 3 ] of that of the average man's. however, after examining for choices made by male and female workers in college major, occupation, working hours, and parental leave, multiple studies find that pay rates between males and females varied by 5 - 6. 6 % or, females earning 94 cents to every dollar earned by their male counterparts. the remaining 6 % of the gap has been speculated to originate from gender bias and a difference in ability and / or willingness to negotiate salaries. [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] the extent to which discrimination plays a role in explaining gender wage disparities is somewhat difficult to quantify, due to a number of potentially confounding variables. a 2010 research review by the majority staff of the united states congress joint economic committee reported that studies have consistently found unexplained pay differences even after controlling for measurable factors that are said to influence earnings - suggestive of unknown / unmeasurable contributing factors of which gender discrimination may be one. [ 7 ] other studies have found direct evidence of discrimination - for example, more jobs went to females when the applicant's sex was unknown during the hiring process. [ 7 ] 83 % of men negotiated for a higher wage compared to the 58 % of women who asked for more. [ 33 ] researchers say that women who do want either a raise and a higher starting salary are more prone than men to be penalized for those actions. [ 34 ] cornell university economists francine blau and lawrence kahn stated that while the overall size of the wage gap has decreased somewhat over time, the proportion of this gap that is unexplained by human capital variables is increasing. [ 35 ] using current population survey ( cps ) data for 1979 and 1995 and controlling for education, experience, personal earnings, parental status, city and region, occupation, industry, government employment, and part - time status, yale university economics sociologist joseph g. altonji and the united states secretary of commerce rebecca m. blank found that only about 27 % of the gender wage gap in each year is explained by differences in such characteristics. [ 36 ] a 1993 study of graduates of the university of michigan law schoolbetween 1972 and 1975 examined the gender wage gap while matching men and women for possible explanatory factors such as occupation, age, experience, education, time in the workforce, childcare, average hours worked, grades while in college, and other factors. after accounting for all that, women were paid 81. 5 % of what men " with similar demographic characteristics, family situations, work hours, and work experience " were paid. [ 37 ] similarly, a comprehensive study by the staff of the u. s. government accountability office found that the gender wage gap can only be partially explained by human capital factors and " work patterns. " the gao study, released in 2003, was based on data from 1983 through 2000 from a representative sample of americans between the ages of 25 and 65. the researchers controlled for " work patterns, " including years of work experience, education, and hours of work per year, as well as differences in industry, occupation, race, marital status, and job tenure. with controls for these variables in place, the data showed that women earned, on average, 20 % less than men during the entire period 1983 to 2000. in a subsequent study, gao found that the equal employment opportunity commission and the department of labor " should better monitor their performance in enforcing anti - discrimination laws. " [ 38 ] [ 39 ] [ 40 ]. women generally earn around 80 cents for every dollar men earn the size of the gender pay gap varies depending on who you ask. women earned 79. 6 cents for every dollar men made in 2015, according to data from the census bureau released last year. meanwhile, labor department data show women earned about 82 cents for every dollar a man made in 2016. these figures are broad overviews and compare the pay among all full - time, year - round workers. the gap narrows when factors like education level, type of work, experience and job tenure are taken into account. related : democrats to trump : act on paid family leave the wage gap tends to be wider for older workers, according to martin. part of the reason is they faced bigger gaps when they started their careers, which can hurt long - term earnings potential. " a relatively small wage gap at the beginning of a career can grow given that everything from raises to 401 ( k ) contributions tend to be based on a percentage of salary, " she said. 2. that 20 - cent gap really adds up the pay gap means women lose around < cur > 10, 470 in median earnings a year, according to a march reportfrom the nwlc. when you take a career - long view, the gap hinders wealth building. based on the 2015 wage gap, a 20 - year - old female entering the work force full time will lose < cur > 418, 800 over a 40 - year career compared to a male worker, according to the nwlc. that means she will have to stay in the workforce 10 years longer than a man in order to earn the same amount. 3. race and ethnicity can widen the gap the gender pay gap is much larger among african american and hispanic female workers. hispanic women made 54 cents for every dollar a white, non - hispanic man earned, which means they will lose more than a million dollars over a 40 - year career based on today's wage gap, according to the nwlc. related : it's a long march to equality for women of color black women earn 63 cents for every dollar a white, non - hispanic man earns, meaning they will typically lose more than < cur > 840, 000 over a 40 - year career. asian female workers are faring the best at narrowing the gap. they make 85 cents for every dollar a white, non - hispanic man makes. 4. we've come a long way, but progress has stalled after strong progress shrinking the pay disparity in the 1980s and 1990s, the improvement has slowed recently. " progress has really slowed down and for the last decade or so, change has been modular, " said ariane hegewisch, a program director at the institute for women's policy research ( iwpr ). related : how paid family leave could become a reality in the u. s. the wage gap did narrow a teeny bit last year. in 2014, women earned 78. 6 cents for every dollar a man made. " congress has not engaged on this issue in recent years and that may be one reason we haven't seen a lot of national progress, " said martin. 5. the bigger the paycheck, the bigger the gap the gap is often larger among higher - paying jobs, according to hegewisch. personal financial advisers had the biggest gender wage gap last year, according to a report from iwpr. the study did find occupations where women earned more than men. those occupations included counselors ; teachers assistants ; combined food preparation and serving workers, including fast food ; and sewing machine operators.
------
i can give you a real world working pro's perspective on good light / high iso - it's massive for higher iso's at least. basically one and half stops on iso performance for me. 3200 was as high as i'd go in m43. 6400 really does fall apart not perfectly exposed in decent light and even then it's borderline but it can be used. they shouldn've even have bothered with settings above that. if you're shooting in good light and just cranking the iso to get the shutter speed you need, maybe for birding or something, i think you might get better looking results, but details disappears nonetheless at those isos. i truly dearly want to film m43 professionally as they're so small and robust and have such great features but the files for my work were just unusable in too many cases. i'm actually _ really _ interested in what panasonic do with the full frame, since they put ff sensor in a g9 body or bit bigger but kept the features that would be one hell of a system ( all the lenses are any good too i guess ). m43 also have more dof which for me is awesome as i'm a bit of an anti - bokeh guy given i have to shoot wide open so much being that i shoot a huge amount in low light. more dof for things like first dance is fantastic if you can get it. i second shot for a mate at a wedding as a'you get it free photographer who's just testing kit'type deal ( clients were cool with it ) and shot alongside him as official photographer in case of any issues. good job we did that as basically 75 % of the files from the e - m1 mk 1 just didn't hold up. this was uk winter wedding in afternoon and we're documentary only, no flash so torture test for sure, but m43 didn't cut it. xt - 1, which i shot along side was actually fine, mostly. looking now side by side at the files in lightroom i'd guess that there's another completely obvious difference between the files at same iso. 3200 is grainy as fuck with the m43. it really is pretty bad, and i've delivered files at 25k out of a d700 before ( banding and all ) so i'm not exactly shy of dropping technical quality if i get the bloody shot! we did end up delivering files from the m43 at 6400 for that wedding but holy fuck do you lose detail. and i actually had to setup off camera flash for the dancing just to bring up the shadows as the dynamic range drops off so steeply at higher iso, something which i hardly ever have to do on any other camera ( save for the time the first dance was lit by just a fucking glitter ball in a wood panelled room, cheers for that dj ). compared to the 6400 xt - 1 files we delivered, well the xt - 1 at 6400 looks like about 2000 on the e - m1. sensors have now improved a bit too. the 24mp x - trans in the xe - 3, which i actually just used at a wedding and is a pretty great little camera body, is noticeably better than the 16mp in the xt - 1. probably a stop better noise at high iso ( i shot an xt - 1 alongside an xe - 3 ). i tested the e - m1 in the shop, so not in harsh conditions, and it really looked about half a stop better than it's predecessor, not as big a jump as the fuji anyway. for some reason m43 sensor development doesn't seem to be advancing as fast as other sizes. i'm sure there are millions of technical blog posts about the difference but for me, clients were noticing the difference with m43 and i wasn't able to get the shots i actually needed to. it was'getting in the way'of me doing my job. so with this new bsi sensor i'm hopeful fuji will bring another stop of high iso performance. with the amount of mp you get now, actually printing stuff means you can easily get away with 12k or even 25k iso on aps - c ( for my stuff ), so high iso should hopefully become a non - issue. i'll always take more low light performance, which is why i used to lug around massive full frame bodies and glass, but now i reckon with the way fuji has been improving and the state of high iso it's becoming a non - issue for most work i do. and that's pretty amazing given the small size and weight of the kit. so yeah, fuji is in a sweet spot ( which is why i switched from nikon ) and really doing some great stuff.
------
* raids/instances = the closest you'll get to this is going to be rifts/grifts, which is basically just a series of floors you clear out to fill a meter that summons a boss. there's also ubers, which are "harder" versions of bosses you've faced before, but it's literally just a portal that sends you to fight two of these at a time. you can have a party of up to 4 players.
* pvp = we don't speak of such things. hahah, but nah, it was a huge thing in d2. it was promised and delayed and promised and delayed and never spoken of again for d3. you can go to act 1 and in the lower left (south west) corner of the town near where your horadric cube is (or will be) to talk to a barbarian that will let you 'brawl' against other player characters. no one does this, and i'm sure most players don't even know it exists. pvp in d3, much like in d2, is just about who gets the first hit. your characters get so powerful that they'll all one-shot each other. they never addressed this, though there are youtube videos of some russian guys that made a variant that looked pretty neat and scaled skills appropriately.
* open-world = no, it doesn't have that. each game will be a little world unto itself containing acts 1 - 5. the maps are generated on a tile-based system, so they're very familiar but things aren't always in the same place in each play through. having said that, act 1 is always new tristram, act 2 is always the caldeum desert, and so on. the waypoints are always in the same spots, but the tiles in each waypoint get shifted around.
* reaper of souls? = hmmm, this is a bit of a tricky one to answer. is it necessary? i don't think so, however, i will say that your experience will be vastly improved. personally, i'd say definitely get reaper of souls, but maybe don't buy the rise of the necromancer pack unless you are a few weeks in, still really enjoy the game, and wanna check out the necro. quick note, rise of the necromancer just adds the necromancer class and necromancer items. reaper of souls adds levels 61 - 70 and all the maps/content that are for those levels.
and a final note, d3 was moved to blizzard classics about a year ago, so there likely won't be any major updates going forwards. as much as i love the game, the population has definitely dwindled over the years. there's always a spike of returning and new players at the start of each season, but that spike only lasts for about a week and then the player population dies back down. the game isn't dead, but you'll get most of the "community" aspect around the start (and maybe end) of the ladder seasons. season 15 just started this past friday and will likely run for a few months.
definitely see what others have to say, as i'm just giving you my opinion, but i love the game and have been playing it since closed-beta. :d
------
> i see that you now realize that it is possible to prohibit something out of concern rather than simply bigotry and hatred. i agree, progress. please don't antagonize me. did i say you deem stealing and killing wrong kinds of bigotry or hatred? obviously i think it is possible to prohibit something out of caution, in fact, i think we should * only * prohibit something out of concern ( see comment above ). > look up rates of std's & colon cancer > i knew you were going to say that social pressures are what caused most of the other problems. i agree that this is partially the case. there are also other spurious correlations such as number of sexual partners, maritial status, risk aversion etc. that are not inherent to homosexuality in these stats. due to the other factors, you'll have to give me more concrete evidence about the inherent detriments of homosexuality. given other factors include, if a monogamous gay couple has say, oral sex, just like a straight couple has, is there any harm in that? if a straight couple has anal sex just like the other gay couple, is this immoral to you as well? if you cannot show how that is harmful, you are merely listing the harms of polygamy and anal sex, not homosexuality itself. and if you cannot show how homosexuality itself has such harms, you cannot say it is wrong that out of concern. > it's ok. you said above that you think similarly of me as to your hypothetical racist because i am a christian. you don't know me and are not my judge. i think similarly not because of you or christian, but because of your specific belief that it is wrong for gay people to marry merely because not their sexual preference. if there is a christian who thinks homosexuality is not immoral, i would have challenged him other aspects of christianity instead, like below. > the verses you referred to were to a specific group of people at a specific time. i am not a biblical scholar and as i have already done, they seem harsh toward me also. i'm glad at least you find them harsh as well. i've read plenty of explanations, which involve trying to defend them by saying those were specific commandments, or that those were * necessary * for their people. but really, stoning gay people because they were gay? stoning people who were found to be non - virgins when they got married ( using non - scientific method of checking the blood nevertheless )? killing everyone, including the defenseless wives and children of the enemy tribe? so far i don't see any of that was justifiable or necessary in that circumstance, and i implore you to read more on that and rethink in what scenarios would massacring women and children and gays morally acceptable.
------
>what is "extraordinary" evidence for events that happened 4000 years ago?
are you suggesting that we should relax the standards of evidence because its too hard to grey good evidence? that's funny.
>i grow a little tired of the slogan, to be perfectly honest.
it's a pretty good rule of thumb for people interested in honest evaluation of evidence.
>i think it's just a discussion shut-down tactic.
how so? do you understand what it means? there's nothing "shut down tactic" about it. it simply means mundane everyday claims don't need as much evidence because they're claims that occur regularly. it means that the less mundane claims, especially world view altering claims, should have more better evidence.
> i didn't grow up a christian, and i'm connnected to scholarly biblical studies in my work.
your parents aren't christian? well, it's true that i don't know you and its certainly possible for you to be convinced by the evidence, especially given your willingness to accept really bad evidence. but it amazes me how when i mention indoctrination to many christians here, they deny being raised that way. statistically speaking, most christians have been indoctrinated.
>was my snark unfounded?
it sets the tone from a friendly discussion to where we're now opponents, who argue their position using disrespect and appeals to emotion but that's fine with me if that makes you feel more confident in defending your position.
>if we found a seal that said "abraham was here" that dated to his time, would you believe that god spoke to him? if not, what evidence would you require to believe that god spoke to abraham?
why would something as trivial as that convince me that a god exists? how does that possibly leaf to a god?
>if not, what evidence would you require to believe that god spoke to abraham?
before you try to convince me that a god spoke to someone, you may want to figure out how to convince me that a god exists.
>evidence that the whole thing was made up, pretty simple answer.
yet you didn't provide your answer. where's your evidence that the hindu religion was made up? because according to your logic, you should believe every religion is true until you have evidence that its made up.
where's your evidence that christianity is true? best i can tell, it's just a bunch of stories in some books.
>and holding onto faith in christ.
if you were concerned with the truth, you'd dump the faith, and look for evidence. we can believe anything on faith, can't are?
>>but so far, the bible says a bunch of stuff that we know isn't true.
>such as?
seriously? and you say you weren't indoctrinated? well for starters, genesis has the order of creation wrong. light before the sun? the moon being a light soiree? also, there are two accounts of creation, and they contradict each other. and finally, we know that we evolved and were not made by a god.
that's the first chapter. don't tell me you believe genesis literally?
>it contradicts known historical facts.
so does christianity. only someone indoctrinated would overlook that for their religion. special pleading fallacy?
------
so i hit the last milestone before finishing my doctorate program this week and my girlfriend is taking me out for dinner and drinks ( i don't drink though) to celebrate. we have been together for over 2 years and our relationship is really good right now. it's definitely the strongest it's been for a long time. we started living with each other earlier this year which neither of us have ever done before and it's been really fantastic seeing each other every day and working together to maintain an apartment. however, two things have occurred. one is that we see each other daily, get changed in front of each other etc. so gone is the anticipation of waiting to see each other that we had when we were living apart. this isn't isn't a huge problem in itself, but the other issue is that i have recently started taking a medication that severely decreases my libido. i would estimate it's been decreased by 90%. in many ways this is a good thing because it puts us into a good balance with each other (she is on the lower end regarding libido (except when she drinks) and i definitely was hypersexual). we tried to have sex last night, and it was just an utter failure. so tonight i was thinking that we could do something a bit extra in order to get me more in the mood. i'm an average looking guy by anyone's standards. however, my gf is not average. she is well above average and i'm not saying that from a biased perspective. my friends, brothers, sister, parents essentially say "how did this happen?" lol and i love it. everywhere we go people stare at her chest and her body, ask if they are real etc. so tonight i want her and i to go to a bar after dinner and pretend we don't know each other. i want to watch her get drunk by having guys buy her drinks and watch her dance with another guy, maybe get close to crossing the line, and i'll come into the scene and take her home and "punish" her. i think that watching other males try to get with her will kick into my competitive drive and i'll be able to perform well tonight. i definitely have worked hard and this would be a great reward for me. i only have a few hours left and i need help thinking of a strategy to introduce this idea to her without making her feel like i don't value her or any other possible ways she could feel negatively about this idea. it's not going to be out of left field, she knows that i like when people look at her, and if we go out, and she asks for an opinion i always pick the more revealing outfit. also, we have sexted about a similar idea one time earlier this year, but there is a difference between sexting and making it a reality. has anyone been in this situation before and have any advice on how to introduce this idea in a tasteful way that guarantees the greatest chance of success? she is a bit conservative sort of shy when it comes to anything sexual doesn't have a lot of experience etc.
tl;dr i started medication and need to spice things up in the bedroom. need help introducing the idea to my gf that i would like to watch her flirt and dance with other guys that think she's single and available tonight at the bar.
edit: i think it goes without saying that she's not going to be forced into anything, but apparently i have to say it. lol
------
i'm fried for the day, so i've abandoned any hope of making academic progress. i'm more than happy to talk about my passion, it is an unfortunate field for me in that most people quickly tap out when i build up steam talking about it.
unfortunately i cannot answer your direct questions, my interests and limited experience do not lie in the field of stimulating growth, but in bypassing the damaged neurological systems altogether. i'm interested in the nerve-electrode interface, the analog-digital conversion. right from the start both systems operate with different currencies, analog with positively charged ions (mostly sodium, potassium, calcium), whereas electrical circuitry utilizes electrons. the interaction on that level of the interface alone fascinates me. refining the interaction on that level could lead to solutions where the organic nervous system can send and receive information to a digital neuroprosthetic. (of course there are many other avenues of progress to be investigated, my knowledge and time limited i'll stick to the one i'm most excited about.) to my knowledge we have seen limited success with sending signals, i am hoping to train up and contribute to the receiving, or input to the brain, of digital-analog signals, or, "is my super powerful robot hand about to crush this wineglass and cause a scene?" i've been pretty lucky, and managed to get into my local dream lab. they are working on peripheral nervous system stimulation and recording, and we are experimenting with new stabilization/neural growth techniques.
as to getting my questions answered i am beginning to think that it is less 'close to the chest' and more 'a young chaotic field'. i'm coming from a very different position than most of the researchers i interact with. while the field is quite a bit older than i knew before i got involved, it is very much experiencing rapid growth. as a result many of the researchers i encounter have stumbled into or found passion for the field later in life, and are bringing tangentially related skill sets. my pi is a surgeon, my lab manager an endocrinologist. i'm an army veteran who worked with the bomb squad that, as a result, laser focused on electrical engineering and neurobiology for the express purpose of this exact field. not to knock my seniors, to the contrary, i have the advantage of tooling my skill set for this specialization while they are frequently having to step far out of their specialized knowledge.
if you have any questions please ask, it is good for me to practice relating my research passions for the inevitable upcoming grad school interviews, and it is fun to think about your prompts.
------
i felt the need to apprise the community i have been apart of for some time with some changes in store for juicedb. - - - before i do that let me be real with you all. for some time now we've been stagnant. trudging through day after day with no forward momentum, direction, or progress. daily upholding the mission and spirit of the team but not much else we could do. our developer, the site owner ( not me btw ), moved on to other projects. at some point we were approached by a couple interested parties. by we, these mean the owner. its decision was to sell to the parent company that also owns its hero e - liquid. wump and i had our reservations about this but we also weren't really asked in our opinion. money is money. you all know how that works. just for clarity, juicedb is now owned by someone who also has ties to an e - liquid company. where i stand is, i am going to still uphold the values of the site the way i always have and no specific company has immunity to that in my system. following my conversations with them, they support that 100 %. - - - * * q & a * * - my attempt to address some of the questions that will likely arise seems like having an e - liquid company affiliated with the site will taint it? > the new owners support what we've built and how we've built it. they don't want to disturb or mess with the credibility. from my current knowledge they aren't going to change the rankings or mess with anything ranking or algorithm related. they keep keeping the 2 companies divided. our rules have not changed neither has how we enforce the rules or against whomever. what's their goal? > simply put to be the yelp of vaping but without yelp's scummy reputation. they want juicedb to be the go to place for reviews and known throughout all aspects of the vaping community. it's the same hope we had all along but they have the money and time to try to make it happen. what are their plans for juicedb? > they want to get the momentum going again with development. there will be more updates and changes more often. they are going to add hardware reviews. they will be implementing a badge or achievement type program to encourage participation ( we talked about this in the past ). there are talks of more giveaways for general participation on the site like we have done in the past. they do want to broaden their reach and get juicedb out in the industry more. talks of getting the site into b & ms and collaborating with some of the largest e - liquid sites to cross promote. will there be ads? > they want to get the site paying for itself at a minimum. i actually advocated for ads a long time ago as i felt they were a necessary evil. there will be sponsored ads, which some of the vendors who frequent the sub already know. they will replace the recommended juices section on the front page and be designated as sponsored products. they will be visually different and have pictures of products. these ads won't affect the lists or rankings. so you're like a paid shill now right? > i am not being paid. the way i do things and enforce rules has not changed. but i thought you were juicedb? > i have long been kind of the face of juicedb and taking care of issues here on reddit. i didn't create the site nor do i own any stake in it. i have volunteered probably months worth of time over the years to support something i believed in and that when i joined, needed help. so you'll be reviewing all of their juices highly right? > in full disclosure, prior to all of this i have reviewed hth juices. some of which we received for review. same as we have for quite a few businesses in the past. i have since removed my reviews of any juices i am aware they are affiliated with. while i stand by my reviews, i don't feel comfortable having them up given the conflict of interest. what is your view of all this? > i'm an extremely cynical person. putting cynicism aside, i would like to think that they wouldn't devote the money or time to what we've built just to burn it to the ground by shilling for themselves and ignoring all of our rules. if that happens so be it. currently i have nothing to jump to that conclusion. i am cautiously optimistic. so how's it going so far? > decent. there were some rocky days of lack of communication and misunderstanding but currently i think we have a good understanding and a basis for effective communication. i have been doing this for so long and we had so many ambitious ideas that i think we can collaborate well to better the site. after over a month i think we have a communication system down and can be more effective from both sides. what's your goal? > keep things true to our values and mission. i always had high hopes and aspirations for the site and i'd like to see some of those recognized or achieved. i won't be sticking around if our rules or legitimacy are sacrificed for the sake of money. i'd like to help. ( not a question but... yeah ) > shoot me a pm and let me know why you want to help and what you can offer. this isn't a paid job, but we could use some moderators. - - - if you need to e - mail me you can at < email > or message me here. i just wanted to keep it honest. i won't be sticking around if the site changes for the worse or goes against the spirit of what we've built. until then, i want to see where it goes. again... cautiously optimistic. ecr has been our home and my home for a long time. i personally appreciate all of the support over the years and hope it can continue. you're welcome to your own opinions on this whole thing. feel free to ask more questions and i will try to answer what i can. i will also take any feedback back to the new owners as well. if you see something you don't like or would like changed let me know. if there are features you would like to see added or removed i would like to know as well.
------
progress pics: <url>
background: i had been working out off and on for years and years, but was often held back by diet, lack of discipline, lack of intensity, lack of volume. my girlfriend during these years always wanted to eat out and drink, and would always encourage me to skip it and say she doesn't like guys with muscles or six packs. basically, i wasn't half assing it, i was quarter assing it. and when that relationship ended, i decided to finally commit myself to having the body i always wanted.
age: 29 height: 5'11
timeline: ~six months slow clean bulk (from 155lb to 177lbs) ~four months cut (from 177lbs to 155lbs)
routine:
i started with phat, eventually moved to ppl, then back to phat when i began my cut.
complex freeweight movements. 18-21 sets on a bulk, 15-18 on a cut. skip the machines.
at some point during your lifting, you should have a moment that scares you. when you're like fuck this is heavy i don't know if i can do this. where you have to actually round up some grit to hit the numbers. you cannot make a change with a pedestrian mentality.
everything needs to be measured. weight, bodyfat percentage, food/calories, rest periods, sets, lifts, reps, all of it. write it all down. you need to set standards so you have an accurate picture of what you're trying to outdo the next time you visit the gym. these numbers will also be highly valuable to you half a year from now when you want to compare your progress.
use a simple pair of calipers and practice getting a consistent reading. it's more about comparing yourself to last week or last month than so much a truly accurate estimation of bodyfat percentage.
mentality:
if you want to stop looking skinnyfat and start looking like a fit person, then you have to become one. you can't simply pretend to be one for an hour, a day, a month, and go back to your old habits. it is a permanent change. you have to literally become a new person, one with new habits and values.
you have to channel some kind of fuck you primal mentality. when you go to lift the heavy weight you have to feel this fuck you stupid piece of shit light weight aint fucking nothing bitch ass weight inside you.(inside you, not outside you making weird noises). you cannot have a pedestrian mentality.
the numbers must. go. up. you must beat last weeks high score. again, and again, and again. but do not do this by lowering the range of motion, taking longer breaks, using momentum to lift instead of your muscles, cheating your form, etc. it must be in the same vein as your previous lifts.
diet:
(bulk) tdee + 500cal (cut) tdee - 500cal + ec stack tdee calculator: <url>
get your one gram per 1lb lean body mass protein, but other than that, ignore all the fad diet low carb high carb no x no z bs. obviously you need to skip the sugar/fast food/etc., but other than that do whatever helps you stick to your goals. the harder/more restricted you make your diet the more likely it is you won't stick to it. i found it helpful to find 4-5 tasty meals that i genuinely enjoy, measure them so i know exactly what i'm eating and that it aligns with my tdee needs, and eat them daily. this way i can skip the math and measurements more or less because i've done it.
make it easy for yourself. if every day is feeling like hell, you need to reevaluate. i did all this while happily eating bananas, whole wheat bread/tortillas, oats, fresca (calorie free soda) and found dieting to be surprisingly easy. there was no need for a cheat day, ever. hitting that tdee - 500cal day consistency is more valuable than punishing yourself with nothing but chicken rice and broccoli every day, leading to a saturday night binge.
what i eat while cutting:
meal 1: 5 eggs 2 slices of toast 1 glass fresca
meal 2: 2 toast, 2 tbsp peanut butter, 2 banana
meal 3: whey protein w/ water + cup of oats
meal 4 (pre workout) one banana (post workout) one banana one scoop whey
meal 5: veggie burrito (boiled spinach, corn, beans, newman's black bean salsa omg so good)
snack if needed: pickles. pretty filling, almost no calories
lift numbers-
when i was around 165lbs i had my best numbers(don't have record of my starting numbers). i didn't really value one rep maxes but to try and give an idea:
deadlift: 420lb x 1
squat: 295 x 9
dumbbell bench: 100's x 10 (barbell messes with my shoulders a lot)
tl;dr progress pics- <url>
------
> i don't believe god intentionally causes it.
again, not really relevant. if the god is responsible for the creation of the world and is omniscient then it knew what would happen.
suppose someone is making a parking meter or similar device to be placed on walkways next to pedestrians. if they make that device randomly shoot out sharp metal shrapnel then they must anticipate that it will potentially hit nearby people, and given enough time would result in injury. if that person had perfect knowledge of the past, present, and future then they would *know* what injury it would cause. an omniscient god deciding to make a planet where earthquakes and hurricanes happen would have known for certain what harm it was causing to humans, and yet intentionally did so.
i also notice you are pointedly avoiding addressing malaria in specific. "oh, hurricanes are just thermodynamics..." well what about malaria is necessary to fundamental physical law? your deliberate avoidance of this question i have repeatedly posed is approaching deliberate deception and intellectual dishonesty.
> your argument also supposes that the world is made entirely for man, which is preposterous.
first, that is a typically christian viewpoint. ask most christians if they think the world was made for humans and you will get an affirmative. second, it doesn't really matter. if god put humans on earth then it is responsible for how it made earth, or are you proposing the god couldn't have made a more appropriate location and just had to drop humans on whatever was available?
> your argument comes across as overly emotional.
address the argument, not your personal subjective impression of the argument. arguing with passion doesn't invalidate the point.
> it basically points out that malaria and earthquakes exist and and you presume to paint them as evil.
these are commonly referred to as "natural evil" as in reference to the classic "problem of evil". a more modern phrasing would be something along the lines of "unnecessary suffering". it need not be termed "evil" in the sense of being unethical, rather the point is being made that god making it so children's eyeballs are eaten out by parasites is a suffering which need not exist. how can you call a being which causes gratuitous suffering "good" or "all-loving"?
> it's inherently emotional and without a shred of logic.
have you truly never heard of the problem of evil? you are acting like one of the great philosophical dilemmas has zero foundation.
------
a lot of people seem to think that the people out there who post others' nude pictures online without their consent are few and far between, but i see it all the time. sometimes on tumblr, but constantly on nsfw subreddits.
it's not all just revenge porn (still unacceptable), there are lots of people who think it's okay to post nudes that they received from someone off of tinder or snapchat. that because they shared them with you, that means your disrespectful, immature ass has the right to then post them to the internet.
not only does it make me both furious and disgusted, it terrifies me. i could count on one hand the amount of nude pictures i sent out before my current relationship, and guess what! one of those pictures i sent to one dude, he took the liberty of showing to one of his friends (he swears, just one).
then, all of a sudden, loads of people in my podunk town know intimate details about our sexlife. weird huh? but he has no idea how that happened, of course.
and now, years later, i get this furious broiling in my stomach every time i see some abhorrent, greasy loser online, posting pictures that they received privately, because they have deemed them to now be public domain.
if you get nudes from someone with great tits, they are not yours to share. if you get nudes from someone with a huge dick, you have no right to post it on reddit in fetish subs without the consent of the sender. you don't get to post pictures/videos of yourself having sex with someone to amateur porn subs without getting explicit consent from the other person/people beforehand. the list goes on.
do not breach someone's trust that way.
**posting nude content of someone without their consent is illegal, immoral, and disgusting**
and it's also against reddit's rules!
why is this such a difficult concept to understand for fucks sake??
edit: to everyone saying "well you can't guarantee that someone won't share them so just dont send them in the first place!!!! take your face out of them!!!!! it's naive and stupid to send nudes without considering the ramifications!!!!!"
alright twothings.
1. i never said it wasnt or argued against any of those things as being a way to protect yourself (except for the face one; honestly i find that argument irrelevant because it isn't stopping anyone from sharing your pics, just saves you from being identified), i told a story from when i was a teenager that seems to have confused some people on my understanding of the inherent risk of sending nudes. i was stupid. i was a teenager. sure y'all can relate.
2. that still doesn't mean i as a grown woman in my 20s who is now in a healthy relationship can't be like "hey its fucked up that people share others' nudes without permission." like wow man, i never said or implied that you shouldn't consider the risks, i'm saying there shouldn't be risks because people should be decent, and i'm allowed to be mad that they're not.
i'm not replying to individual comments anymore because if i have to defend my right to be mad that people think it's okay to share someone's private photos one more time, i'm gonna lose my mind. y'all are on some shit
------
lol
wtf you on about ?
all that bail out of freddie/fanny happened under bush, his treasury secretary and his fhfa director. because the repubs who held absolute power for most of the time leading up to it, crashed the economy leading to near economic collapse under republican economic policies.
learn some actual facts and delete your clueless non-factual rewrite of history fam.
start here: the federal takeover of fannie mae and freddie mac was the placing into conservatorship of the government-sponsored enterprises (gses) federal national mortgage association (fannie mae) and federal home loan mortgage corporation (freddie mac) by the u.s. treasury in september 2008. it was one of the financial events among many in the ongoing subprime mortgage crisis.
on september 6, 2008, the director of the federal housing finance agency (fhfa), james b. lockhart iii, announced his decision to place the two gses into a conservatorship run by the fhfa.[1][2][3]
at the same press conference, united states treasury secretary henry paulson, stated that placing the two gses into conservatorship was a decision he fully supported, and that he advised "that conservatorship was the only form in which i would commit taxpayer money to the gses." he further said that "i attribute the need for today's action primarily to the inherent conflict and flawed business model embedded in the gse structure, and to the ongoing housing correction."[1]
<url>
not mention fannie/freddie were in trouble only because bush and full gop directed them to get involved in the risky practices under the 2003 american downpayment act that irresposnibly eased all the rules for homebuying by fannie/freddie like proving your income and not needing a downpayment,that led to the collapse.
again repubs legislating intervention leading to economic shitshow. learn your history.
even the uber conservative heritage foundation were outraged by this:
that chance will arise when the house is asked to approve by unanimous consent the american dream downpayment act -- a bill that would require the u. s. taxpayers to provide <cur>200 million per year to fund cash grants of as much as <cur>10,000 to individuals and families wanting to buy a house, but without subjecting themselves to the burden of having to save for the downpayment. - <url>
and trump tax cuts just added more federal debt in one year than happened in 200 years...but if this is pretend play time then carry on !
at the end of 1976, the public debt was <cur>477.4 billion, and the gross federal debt was just under <cur>629 billion.
so how does that compare to trump's record?
the amount of public debt added in 2017 -- a year when trump was president for all but 20 days and when the republicans were in control of congress -- was <cur>497.8 billion, while the amount of gross federal debt added was <cur>666.3 billion.
whichever variety of debt you use, the amount of debt added under republican control in 2017 was greater than the accumulated debt by the end of 1976, making scarborough's statement correct.
<url>
<url>
<url>
------
>sasuke has always been more creative in creating new techniques, he always comes with new abilities like: manipulating amaterasu to make a shield, the ability to swap places using rinnegan,
he didn't create any of these, both of these are special ms and rinnegan abilities, only belonging exclusively to him.
>make a merger of susano'o with kurama's avatar.
these isn't a technique, even madara did this. even naruto did plenty of stuff that can be labelled as technique creation if this is considered as one, for i.e he created chakra arms, something even kyubi itself cannot accomplish.
i'm not saying that sasuke isn't creative, he is, but so is naruto.
also, in this novel, he based this "lorentz gun" off the scientific ninja weaponry's new research, the hokage - the one who these scientific ninja guys work directly under - should also be able to do this, so questioning wether the the leader of this whole village can use this or not shouldn't even be a question in the first place.
>naruto relies more on the skills he already has and enhances them, such as the big ball rasengan and rasenshuriken that are absolutely op. so they're just following the script as it always was.
he used earth style in one of the other chapters, aswell as the shadow shuriken technique in the anime, the databook also stated that he has *many* more techniques, so that's not true anymore. i would agree with you if it was part 1 or shippuden, but hokage naruto has shown enough variety for me to disagree with this.
>naruto can also use ice, as six-path sage mode gives you access to all elements, including ice, lava, boil, magnetism, and ying-yang.
he cannot use ice, he uses all the other elemental bloodlines because of the 9 bijus chakra, each element used in that rasenshuriken barrage corresponds to a specific biju inside him, ice doesn't belong to any of the biju.
>i understand your concerns, but understand that the focus of the story is now boruto who is training specifically with sasuke in a sasuke's novel, so because of this we are seeing more of sasuke's abilities.
except we saw sasuke use ice style in a part of the story which had nothing to do with boruto, and that part was obviously done in a way to glorify him - konohamaru's reaction in that scene only further proves my point. the thing is, if they wanted to show any character's abilities, they'll simply mold the story in a way which suits that, the training part is actually irrelevant in the grand scheme of things.
anyways, let's just agree to disagree.
------
okay let me break it down... because like i asked, i had no idea who the other guy was until this morning... so this is definitely not a stupid opinion coming from a fan of his. in fact if anything, i am sort of a fan of eminems. his older stuff got crazy play time in the car when i was in high school ( in the 90's ). then i just kinda stopped listening to hip hop all together until recent years. when kamikaze attacked, i was like hmm okay... let me give a shot. first track.... friendly fire and brimstone. i was like holy shit, this is the eminem i remember. i dont like the whole album, but i lot of it is good - to me. okay so, moving on.. when i walked up this morning, i heard " rap devil " for the first time in my life. do i see its revolutionary? not at all. but, it sounds like mgk is speaking actual " truth "... he talked about how eminem is rich but still acting like a cry baby ( and in my opinion he has a point ).. he talks about how he ( mgk ) has gotten to where he is without the help of dr dre... now i have no idea about the career of mgk, so i am not sure how true that is, but, eminem was definitely helped by dr. dre. that is fact. he talks about their height in the line about looking up or whatever, which i thought was pretty funny. he mentions how eminem acts tough but pays millions for security etc.. again... i think this is pretty funny and also truthful. he talks about how it took 6 years to comeback with a diss.. which again, is kinda true.. yes i know about the technine thing. but still. he talks about eminem trying to get record labels to put the other guys stuff on hold, and calling wanting an apology etc. again.. not sure if it's actually true... but enimen didn't say anything about this in killshot ( unless i missed it )... so to me, it kinda leans in the middle but it must be true. then i listen to killshot... i left hickeys on rihannas neck... i was watching 8 mile on a norditrack... heres an autograph... like what the fuck is that? you have a man bun.... then the track starts to get better.. until the cereal part. that is when it gets bad again in my opinion. oh, you said 4 when it was actually 3 albums... i guess you cant count hur hur hur... lame. im not saying the entire track is like this, because its not. but to me, this track shows it seams. the rhythm, the beat, it's just not very good. along with the other things i mentioned. i guess i just expected more, especially after always reading how terrified rappers are of enimen. that just didn't seem like it came from " the greatest rapper ".
------
yes! this so much. sometimes i can't even finish reading some of these posts when op's are telling about all this horrible, borderline unrealistic stuff their partners have done. unrealistic because you're thinking in your head while you're reading that you'd have never let your so even think about getting away the first 2 bad things let alone the whole list 16 things you've just read & you're getting all mad, in your feelings, caught up & twisted getting ready to set it off godfather style in your head if you were ever in that situation & your so already knows that if he ever even had an uncontrollable dream that he was thinking about trying to get away with something like this he'd wake the hell up in nightmare mode drenched in sweat freaking out hoping like hell he can sneak out without waking you so he can go hide somewhere where he'll order a new credit card & get a secret job to pay for it so he can send you roses every single day until you forgive him for thoughtlessly having such a dream. then the op will ask "should i forgive him for screwing my mom in front of his dad while my cousin lucy watched & he punched me in the face for having the audacity to ask him how he could screw my mom especially on my birthday which also happens to be our anniversary because i remember that was my present that year was getting the privilege to marry him but i really love him & it's kinda my fault i shouldn't have asked it's only the 237th time in the past 2 yrs we've been married that he's done this i really think he can change cause when he screwing my sister i hung in there & gave it time & after only 317 times of doing that he completely stopped everything was good for a whole week before i started overtime to help the pay for the loan he took on our home i inherited from my uncle bob marley to pay the loan shark back for gambling debts since he can't work cause he cut the tip of his pinky finger off 7 yrs ago & it still hurts him daily i think i'm gonna stay for the sake of the kids he's gonna impregnate me with one day".......
all of a sudden you bust out laughing thinking whoa she really got me i thought she was serious but clearly it's a joke....... except it's not. i'm so proud this op has enough self value for it not to be that kind of post. i got scared for a minute when she was saying he was telling her he only had sex with her best friend to get her leave him alone cause he doesn't like her & she was trying to get with him before they even got together so he's asking her to forgive him.
------
please stop with the dem and repub and sjw vs alt right, trump vs clinton type bullshit. i'm not arguing for those groups. i'm arguing for a more sensible economy that's not unfettered capitalism but socialistic capitalism which is more balanced and gives the country more freedom and economic security. fdr style mixed economics. no, there is no " today's left " imaginary entity. you can say there's a similar social engineering trend of sjwism but don't call it leftism because that's not what it is. people are brainwashed, don'll be surprised. you're brainwashed yourself by believing you shill you follow. anyway back to bernie sanders. he wasn't pushing " free shit " to steal from you. your money is nothing but a drop in the bucket. there's not really such a thing as free. the word is used for simplicity. workers / tax payers work for their money and that money then goes towards socialized single payer universal healthcare ( instead of an obamacare which is crony capitalism profiteering - - socializing the profit and privatizing the profits while ripping off the tax payer ). big difference between these types. then the universal healthcare benefits the entire nation with affordable healthcare free from big pharma / insurance company profiteering scams, i. e. cheaper and better healthcare like in the rest of this western world ( although some of them are not that socialized but still better than the extremely privatized cronyist u. s. obamacare ). essential services are not free shit. it's taking care of your fellow countrymen and women and everyone chips in, especially those fucking elites who like to hoard everything and give nothing back. this also makes the country more efficient with healthier, happier workers less riddled with bullshit debt. more time for business ideas and spending time with family. why should we kiss corporations'asses? they're the reason we're fucked in the first place. bribing our government. fuck them. small and medium businesses should replace them and compete without monopolies and without cronyist interference. a big corporation should have that 40 % tax bracket because they're making a shit load of money and they used public infrastructure and workers to get shit done. i'm not saying dismantle businesses..... i'm saying fuck super greed like these corporate ceos making hundreds or thousands of times more money than their employees. it's disgusting. the nwo is that on steroids. economic slavery. better jobs are formed from innovation, affordable college and regulating against unethical business practices. obama's using taxes for profit and hence it's not as efficient as non - cronyist social democracy. if a company can't afford to pay decent wages, it deserves to go out of business. i'm not saying treat small businesses and corporations the same, no ( maybe they can get assistance as a startup if they've got a good idea going ). but improving the economy for the average joe with " equal opportunity " ( not forced opportunity ) will make people better off financially and you'll get more small / medium businesses competing with the bastard monopolies. i would also break up the huge corps into smaller businesses to reduce their ridiculous power. the " give tax breaks to billionaires " bullshit has been tried for 30 + years since reagan and been a massive failure. income inequality has increased dramatically. the middle class was destroyed. the newer generations are more fucked than the previous ones. we need a more balanced economy. fuck the traitor corporations who moved jobs to poorer countries to set up sweatshops for more profit. this is why i'm saying fuck giving into demands from sociopath globalist corporations and get some small / medium businesses up and get money out of politics so corporations can't bribe the gov in making the corps untouchable. this is a win win situation for everyone except the parasite elite. no surprised the entire corporate media shat on him 24 / 7. they'd rather have a corporatist like reagan than a balanced social democrat like fdr ( pro - business but also pro - worker ).
------
hello! last wednesday i threw out the freezer. my shitty ex - roommates had left 18 pounds of cheap meat in there, and i was so preoccupied by my thoughts of " who the fuck even does that " that it wasn't until after it was all in the bottom of the can that it occurred to me that the trash had just come the day before. hm. well, the lid will be closed. it'll work fine. right? on friday, i exited the house and was greeted by several dozen flies. ah. i've fucked up. this is immediately apparent to me. well, it'll just have to wait until trash day. saturday. i need to take the kitchen trash out. i leave it outside, figuring that i can just wait until after the can has been cleared. sunday. raccoons have been in my bagged garbage. i need to take care of that. hesitantly, i open the can lid. oooooooh boy. in a split second, i get the immediate impression that there are hundreds of maggots in the can. i'm short - - just barely 5'3 ", so this was based entirely on the view i could see far up the sides of the can. but i'm fairly tough, i think. i've pulled maggots out of a baby skunk's leg wound before. and i'm a budding baby biologist. everyone can handle this. so i throw the bag into the can. i am now sure there are at least 1000 maggots in the can. monday. otherwise known as today. i gear up. poison, rubber gloves, eye protecting glasses, a face mask, and a box like moth balls. i can do this. i'm a scientist. just throw open the bin. it had not occurred to me that they might be on the underside of the lid. there were at most a thousand maggots just on the underside of the lid. these rained down everywhere, their hideous bodies plopping onto the ground. i thank my lucky stars none got on me. i screamed like i was being murdered, an entirely involuntary sound wrenched from somewhere deep in my spine. i sprayed. and i sprayed, and i sprayed. i walked in and sprayed the writhing layer of maggots on the underside of their lid. i sprayed at the ground. a fly flew at my face and i gave up, running back inside , sobbing. for a while, i watched from my back window as they crawled around on the can and the ground. i called my mom, who laughed at me. i called my dad, who was seven hours away and couldn't help. i called my boyfriend, who was five hours away and without a car. i'm here for school ; i have friends, but none good enough to help me with something like this. and it's labor day. i called eight different pest control places until i found one that was both open and able to send someone out. i'm currently awaiting my savior, who should be here in a few hours. i'll update with the cost of him coming out. tl ; dr : grew maggots in 100deg weather for a week, made it rain when i tried to take care of it. now scarred for life. on the bright side, i now know for a fact that as much as i enjoy learning about bees and ants, i should not apply to that entomology master's degree program i was looking at. edit : the bug man came, he was super sweet, really excellent. if anyone in the round rock / austin area needs pest control services, pm me, i'd be very happy to pass his info on. he didn't charge me, said i reminded him of his daughter, so i gave him the money i had set aside for a tip. also : i threw out the meat because i didn't know if it was safe or not. i have no idea when it was frozen, most of it was unlabeled, and i have no way of knowing how long they waited between buying the meat and freezing it. if you want to be mad at someone, be mad at my ex roommates for buying and failing to eat 18 pounds of meat before moving across the country.
------
so wow this was a weird one.
at my university in my last previous year, there were elections going on and i decided to brave it and run for lgbt representative because i'm gay and university has been a great way to feel comfortable being out and proud. i had gone to campus one morning (i don't remember any classes that day, so probably a wednesday) and was super tired as i was at a small event where the people running could just meet and talk to each other. the elections weren't starting until next week and this was just kind of a cool way to get to know the people running and whatnot.
after the event, i started walking back to my place through a park and i noticed this guy who was handing out leaflets.
i usually feel bad for these guys as i'm sure while many people are busy, they probably feel a bit disheartened about whatever they're promoting. so i decide to be nice, as i have plenty of time anyway (i was tired like i said so all i was gonna do was some work and have a nap) and walk close and let them hand me the leaflet.
they ask if i have a minute and still wanting to be friendly, i smile and say "sure."
growing up in a religious family i just begin to get used to somewhat zoning out when the preaching starts and i just nod and give the occasional smile as they begin talking about the importance of jesus, how jesus needs to play a bigger role in our society, etc. you know, just the typical stuff.
they were going on a lot longer than i thought, a minute or two seemed to drag on and as the topic shifted to satan and hell, they suddenly started ranting about gay people.
"you know in hell, gay people are punished by the rods being shoved right up there", i could only imagine where exactly these devilish rods were going for the gays, but i begin getting super uncomfortable. i tried moving away slightly and smiling, preparing to say that i have to go or that i would love to talk more but i was late or in a rush.
they then showed me the leaflets they were holding to show me some church they were referring to. he had asked about if i was religious or ever been to church before in the conversation and to not be too in delicate i said i wasn't but i had been to church before and my family was religious.
but then they asked me, "so are you interested?"
i told them flat out no, and they seemed confused. of course how could i say no to such an amazing argument?
"why not?"
i then just said "i'm gay", and i couldn't't tell if his shock was from embarrassment or if je felt he had been accosted by the devil himself. he simply just said "oh" and began muttering about the church, how helpful it could be, really just rambling on and looking suddenly really nervous. i wasn't paying much attention to what he said and he wasn't helping by looking down at his leaflets and offered it again, i just told him thanks but i was fine and just started walking away.
it was pretty nerve-wracking for me because i didn't exactly intend to tell him and had no idea how he'd react. but i was too fed up at his stupid spiel (no offense to any religious people, i don't mean to insult any religion) to even care at that point and later on i just laughed about it with my friends when i told them.
------
i disagree on them just needing to respond here. they were naive to replace so many systems that had small flaws but worked with a new system that has major flaws and doesn't work.
azerite gear effectively replaces the following:
* legendaires
* artifacts
* netherlight crucible
* tier
the system itself is extremely similar to netherlight crucible in that one of the traits is 5 item levels and the traits are gated behind the artifact level. the traits also range from boring/not impactful for some classes (protection warrior) to ridiculously overpowered for other classes (monk).
the issue with this is that a) it fails to effectively replace those systems and the value they added and b) it has most of the downsides of the two worst systems from those 4, specifically legendaries and netherlight crucible.
legendaries were mainly flawed in how you obtained them because initially they were given out randomly. however there was a set number of them and replaying content would increase your odds of getting one. almost every spec had at least one that was rotation/gameplay altering as well. blizzard later patched them to make them targetable thus addressing the top issue with them.
artifacts while not being interesting decision wise were actually really nice from the power-gain aspect of the game. every level you got to look forward to a new talent (even if you knew what one you were taking) and a flat stam gain along with damage if you were a tank/healer. this meant every level you got a little stronger, which is important when the world scales. without this mechanic we have a world like bfa where all content takes forever to kill and artifact levels in the new artifact hoa (heart of azeroth) are much less rewarding. lastly the key drawback which is addressed by the hoa is spec-dependence. artifacts had one per spec which gave people with less time less freedom to play offpsecs. hoa addresses this issue but not the others. also there was a slew of content surrounding artifacts that is flat out missing from the game. each artifact for every spec had an unlock scenario, lore behind them, unique traits, and custom skins/unlockables. these are entirely gone from bfa, and these systems actually provided further replayability (beat all dungeons with the new skin you got to get a new color variant) and goals to work towards long term (pvp level 15 for the final pvp skin color). these systems all together made player attachment to the artifact actually really high. it had so much going for it with lore/story/grinding/unlockables/power-gains that just isn't there with hoa. the hoa unlock quest was the exact same for every class/spec and it was extremely boring/quick. hoa levels are also extremely unrewarding and it doesn't have any type of content system to achieve like hidden skins or mage tower.
netherlight crucible was arguable the most boring and basic system provided in legion. it didn't impact gameplay whatsoever and it was gated behind artifact levels. the funny part is this system is nearly identical to the azerite system in terms of mechanics, which is sad because the artifact system was the actual crown jewel of legion and blizzard decided to toss it. it offered limited choices and a 5 item level boost.
tier was a mixed bag. it gave every class a class-specific themed set which was nice but the big issue was new content tier was typically not worth using until you had the 2 or 4 piece set (or sometimes never worth using). balancing the bonus was hard for blizzard and they never nailed it in legion. these are the stated reasons for removing tier. however there are some damning drawbacks to doing this. demon hunters who have nearly no class themed sets are completely screwed. overall the armor variants provided in bfa (which blizzard said would be more varied with more sets) are dramatically less than legion. the uldir armor sets are extremely plain and there are now only 4 of them compared to 112 per raid in legion. lastly the hoa fails to provide a similar set bonus type mechanic.
the systems that made legions replayable and grindable in a fun/meaningful way are gone and we're left with the worst of the two bad systems (legendaries/netherlight crucible). in conjunction with overall lacking content (no profession quests, no fishing artifact, first aid quests and profession removed, no order hall, diminished garrison system with 2 garrisons compared to 12 from legion, diminished rewards from garrison missions and a shallow garrison system, no pvp world quests, intentionally removing group finder from world quests to increase the grind, island expeditions/warfronts being extremely shallow are why bfa feels bad to play. the 4 systems listed above act as multipliers for content, each one changing/improving the same content you'd normally play through by adding replayability factors and those have been dramatically reduced to next to nothing. then the amount of content we have is lesser. then the two new big systems fall flat on their face. this is why bfa is failing. blizzard really should have taken an evolution of legion approach with conservative changes that were more incremental. instead they threw the baby out with the bath water, taking existing systems like m+/world quests and making them either the same or a bit worse (more grindy), while throwing out the key systems that made legion an amazing expansion.
------
> we've already done a lot through civil rights and great society legislation. that's why i said above, i don't support the dismantling of progressive policy without an alternative. that doesn't mean i support all those policies ; i don't, i think they need to be reformed or replaced with less paternalistic, higher - level, market - based policies. yeah... suffice to say, i'm not a big fan of progressive thought. > _ > maybe if we had a choice to opt - out then people could do the progressive thing if those're into that. but it seems to me, from my point of view, that the only long - term effects of the civil rights revolution has were riots, censorship, political correctness, race hatred, a reduction of social cohesion and communal trust, and the destruction of the black flag. > black is matter is not a racist slogan. maybe some people involved in the movement are, but the slogan itself wasn't created by a literal racist terrorist. deceitful is ignoring that context. again, a semantic comparison between the two. if you're hung up on the david lane thing, then just use white lives matter, which is widely assumed to be a racist kkk slogan, or, even, astoundingly, all lives matter. faith baker certainly wasn't advocating racial terrorism when she was permanently banned from patreon for saying secure the existence of our people and a future for white children. > that's stupid. someone's ethnicity / religion has everything to do with anything. the only reason to use echos is if you're trying to draw a connection between jews and something you perceive as negative. if someone's ethnicity has nothing to do with anything, then i never want to hear the words nazi, or white nazi, ever in my life again. ever ever. believe me, i wouldn't mind working towards a future where we can relegate all forms of idpol to being a thing of the past. but i don't think that's possible right now. if people are going to attack me, my group, our people for characteristics we were born with and the things we do, then i think i'm entitled to criticize other groups back, especially when they're doing a greater - than - average share of the criticizing. i don't know if i said this above, but my basic position is idpol for everyone or idpol for no one - ironically, i am quoting [ a jew ] ( < url > ) here. > no, just the 14 words and echos. pepe is just dumb, post - modern, american politics, and i don't even know that that's an actual hand gesture. eh, well, i disagree. i think it's the context that makes or breaks it, and hey, i'm not perfect, so i'm bound to make mistakes from time to time. > despite the 14 words and echo shit, i believe that you, personally don't buy into actual racist ideology. you're consistently more thoughtful and clearly more knowledgeable than your typical stormfront inbred. well, thanks, i sincerely appreciate that. thoughtful is what i'm going for. i want to make people think and consider that maybe not everyone like me out there is a horrible person, i want to test what works and what doesn't in deconstructing some of the ideas i find problematic, and i also want to steelman my arguments to a crowd so that if i really am saying anything fucked up or based on a faulty premise, i can know about it. if you want to know what i hope for, i want to see the sjws and the alt - right essentially merge and consume each other at some point, because i can't believe how stupid society is that we think " rights for blacks / women / gays / etc. " and " rights for whites / men / christians / etc. " are in conflict with each other. like, you can't even get both sides to sit down and talk down at a table with each other because things are so tense. and we have the internet now. i just find the pettiness of it so insane.
------
it seems like there have been a lot of threads about this in the past several months, but almost none of them have mentioned * why * this happens so much, or rather why people don't get punished for it. this is definitely a bigger problem on the us east server than it is anywhere else ( and if you're immortal ranked on that server or have watched any high mmr na / sa streamer, this should speak for itself ), but the problem still exists on other servers. the first concern is most intentional feeders avoid being reported way too frequently. the following can be true for any mmr bracket, of course, but 3 events a week is not enough, considering how many players at the highest mmrs play something like 7 games a day or more. this works in more than one way - - someone who runs down games or destroys items once every day will never be notified if they play 9 more games per day and don't get mass reported in them. for some reason, valve allots a specific number of reports an week rather than per number of games played, but they punish players based on how many reports they receive over a certain number of games, rather than within a certain amount of time. the problem that's unique to the highest mmr ratings is that the report cooldown is too long ( several weeks ), but odds are, you will play with the same players multiple times a day. this means if someone decides to intentionally live more than once on your team within a few weeks, you can't report them for it. another issue is that if someone else tanks an abandon for their team due to someone else griefing, nobody can report the griefer unless they stay until the end of the game for some reason, which defeats the purpose of someone doing their other teammates a favor by abandoning. because of how ineffective valve's automated system is at punishing anyone, there are then players who name themselves things like " i will feed if x is on my team " ( presumably because x ruined a game on their team earlier ). they know that reporting them will do absolutely nothing, what makes them feel like the only way to " punish " both players is by doing the same thing on their team in the future and ruining another game in the process. even the most frequent game ruiners rarely get low priority, let alone any kind of ban. on us east, players like liangy, nikitta, geza, sladi ##n, lucifer morningstar, bloody nine, and leostyle are almost universally known as serial griefers who run down mid or destroy their items if they don't get their role or if they think the game is over, which then leads to other players ruining games when on their team. the second reason is that behavior score does not affect matchmaking in the immortal bracket, unlike in all other mmr brackets. this is much more apparent on eu servers, where there are more players. because of this, even the most egregious griefers are able to queue and play normally as long as their mmr is high enough. i don't know if anything can be done about this without affecting queue times too much, but it's worth pointing out.
------
> i never argued otherwise? also, camel urine is unhealthy, so, no, the hadeeth are wrong. there are many unhealthy things that could be used in medication and the hadeeth never claimed whether it's healthy infact in a variant of the hadeeth it says that if they want they can drink, ibn sina did prescribe it for certain diseases, regardless and that it's your right to believe / disbelieve in the story. > um, where was the influence of islamic thought in that? i missed you. muslims not taking such things seriously is what lead to the development of our modern day chemistry by the hands of people like alrazi. i'm not countering your main points, just shared some views in some sub - points. i'm pretty sure that what you quoted doesn't exist in the actual text and since he addressed the other problem of completely rejecting the greek knowledge due for a problem that contradicts islamic theology. actual text : wqd twldt mnh aftn : l'wl ~ : mn ynzr fyh yt ` jb mn dqy'qh wmn zhwr brhynh, fyhsn bsbb h ` tqdh f lflsf @, fyhsb'n jmy ` ` lwmhm fy lwdwh wfy wthq @ lbrhn khdh l ` lm. thm ykwn qd sm ` mn kfrhm wt ` tylhm wthwnhm blshr ` m tnwlth l'lsn @ fykfr bltqlyd lmhd wyqwl : lw kn ldyn hqan lm khtf ~ ` l ~ hw'l m ` tdqyqhm fy hdh l ` lm! fdh ` rf bltsm ` kfrhm h ll ` l ~'n lhq hw ljhd wlnkr lldyn, wkm r'yt mn ydl ` n lhq bhdh l ` dhr h mstnd lh swh. your translation is correct : * * two problems are born, the first * * : wheneone starts to learn it, step by step, he will be interested in philosophies, and he will think that all other matters will be as clear as the math, so, when he sees the unhallowed speaking of the philosophers from the others, unintentionally, he will start to obey the unhallowed behavior of the philosophers, and will say : if the religion was right, so these great scholars would follow it, and when he hears that they ( philosophers ) deny the religion, he will say that the right path is to reject the religion... dh qyl lh : lhdhq fy sn ` @ whd @ lys ylzm'n ykwn hdhqan fy kl sn ` @, fl ylzm'n ykwn lhdhq fy lfqh wlklm hdhqan fy ltb, wl'n ykwn ljhl bl ` qlyt jhlan blnhw, bl lkl sn ` @'hl blgw fyh rtb @ lbr ` @ wlsbq, wn kn lhmq wljhl ylzmhm fy gyrh, fklm l'wy'l fy lrydyt brhny wfy llhyt tkhmyny " then it's told to him that the expertise in a certain field doesn't imply an expertise in every other field, it's not a must that an expert fiqh and kalam is an expert in medicine...... their talk about mathematics is by evidence whilst their talk about theology is by guess. laf @ lthny @ : nsh't mn sdyq llslm jhl, zn'n ldyn ynbgy'n ynsr bnkr kl ` lm mnswb lyhm. f'nkr jmy ` ` lwmhm wd ` ~ jhlhm fyh ht ~'nkr qwlhm fy lkswf wlkhswf, wz ` m'n m qlwh ` l ~ khlf lshr ` flm qr ` dhlk sm ` mn ` rf dhlk blbrhn lqt `, lm yshk fy brhnh wlkn ` tqd'n lslm mbny ` l ~ ljhl wnkr lbrhn lqt `, fzdd llflsf @ hban wllslm bgdan, wlqd ` zm ` l ~ ldyn jny @ mn zn'n lslm ynsr bnkr hdhh l ` lwm, wlys fy lshr ` t ` rd lhdhh l ` lwm blnfy wlthbt, wl fy hdhh l ` lwm t ` rd ll'mwr ldyny @. wqwlh sl ~ llh ` lyh wslwm : " n lshms wlqmr aytn mn ayti llh t ` l ~ l ynkhsfn i lmwti'hdin wl lhyth, fdh r'ytm ffz ` w l ~ dhkr llh t ` l ~ wl ~ lsl @ ". the second problem arise from an ignorant friend to islam who guess that the religion should be made victorious by rejecting all the knowledge rooted to them so he rejected all of their knowledge and claimed that what they said about the solar / lunar eclipse is wrong and claimed that what they said is against the sharia and when that reached the ears of who learnt of the definitive evidence he didn't question the evidence but believed that islam is built on ignorance and rejection of definitive evidence and by so he hated the religion more and loved the philosophy more and it greatened on the religion of a felony guessing that islam will be made victorious by rejecting this knowledge and there is no contradiction between the sharia nor the theology, the prophet pbuh said that the sun and moon does not eclipse because of the death or birth of anyone, but both are from among the signs of allah ta'aala. ( that gives his creation a warning so that they may fear him ). when the eclipses occurs then immediately turn towards allah ( begin istighfaar and performing salaah ) " < url > edit : i checked the islamic link you sent me, i wasted my time translating this, lol. not the best translation but regardless of that he never dealt with a contradiction between islam and empirical evidence, he was addressing something else.
------
i've posted this elsewhere. i have major depressive disorder. it is so severe that i am legally considered " medically frail " by the state. i have to manage it with cymbalta and, even then, there are times where that fails. it's even worse when i'm unable to get my meds because of insurance fuckery and need to ration them. for the longest time i've tried to figure out a way to express just what depression feels like, to me. i don't know what triggered it but some moment ago i just brain vomited onto my keyboard something. a reply to that question - what does it feel like? imagine a box. imagine within that box there are various objects, things that elicit some sort of emotion within you. a treasured childhood toys that brought you joy, a picture of a long - lost girlfriend to bring you a sweet sadness, a picture of the guy who put a dent in your car and that makes you shudder. your emotional range, the feelings that you are capable of expressing, this box contains them. there's the vhs tape where your best friend faceplanted while trying to impress a boy, it kept making you laugh. a blanket that provided you with feelings of security when you were young. the sense of fulfilling contentment you felt when you finished building that doghouse, a miniature version of the doghouse is in there. then, one day, you go after the box and something seems off. it doesn't seem like much but... wasn't the blanket in there just a minute ago? it might just be misplaced, not something to really worry about. then, a week later you notice... that vhs tape seems to be a bit damaged, like someone spread oil on the tape. it still plays but the image is distorted, some of it unrecognizable. you want to enjoy it but just can't seem to get past the fact that the video gets really blurry when your friend trips. the audio is distorted. it's still there, the tape is playing, but all about it is just not the same anymore. slowly, over time, the items in the box disappear. you're not really sure where they went. you can remember them. you remember how the childhood toy felt in your hands, its weight and texture seemed familiar, but you can't find it any more. the blanket has returned but parts of it are tattered, or rotting away, as if something has severely mishandled it. all of these items disappearing, all of these items becoming altered, or even damaged, when they happen on their own it doesn't seem like a big deal. " this food that i always loved is still great, but something tastes different. maybe i messed up the recipe this time. " " i love this song but... did the audio just skip? maybe a temporary glitch. " " the picture of my former love, while i miss her dearly i will cherish the time we did have together... is it starting to turn yellow? the passage of time. " individually these are manageable. sometimes even fixable. but, as time goes on, these misfortunes seem to happen more frequently. items vanish for longer periods of time. some come back in even worse shape. multiple items disappear at once. damage begins to compound. the box itself begins to show signs of wear. the hinges of the the lid creak. it's paint cracks. you can begin to smell rotting wood. before you know it the box and the contents within no longer make you feel the way you once did. items that held such meaning for you are lost and have been for quite some time. you know they were just in there a minute ago, but you can't remember how long it's been since you've seen them. the memory of how they felt in your hands becomes more fleeting, more distant. the beauty of the picture has been corrupted, it is an ugly thing now, its vibrant colors now replaced with an fetid yellow smear. the blanket has rotted into unrecognizable scraps. the toy is broken. the box itself is dilapidated. you begin to resent the contents of the box. you begin to resent the feelings that the contents once instilled in you. you become frustrated over no longer being able to capture these feelings. the box itself begins to represent that frustration. it was once so beautiful and held beautiful things. but it's changed, warped, corrupted. this new feeling disgusts you. how did this happen? how did it change this dramatically? where did the beauty go? what could you have done to stop it? that is what depression feels like. it's hopelessness. it's corruption. it steals from you that which once brought light to your life. it twists and perverts the best things about yourself into aberrations, ghoulish parodies that mock you at every turn. it breeds resentment in yourself - resentment for who you once were, resentment for what you're becoming, and resentment towards the fact that there may have been nothing you could do to prevent it and fear that any attempt to fix it will only make it worse. opening the box could weaken the hinges further, trying to clean the box may accelerate the wood's rotting, every time you try to hold the toy another piece falls off, watching the tape further erodes its quality, the blanket has been reduced to mere threads. all you have left is the distant memory of a time when everything about the box and its contents were pure, fresh, and strong. and even then, memory, like all things, also fades, until all you have left is nothing. that, to me, is what depression feels like.
------
> the definition of a virtue is a morally good behavior. my question to you is who get's to decide what is moral? virtue, nobility, and purity in the sense i believe you were using it are meaningless words apart from some standard.
again, you are missing the question. let's say i completely agree with your own definitions or standards of morality. i assume you find the love between *some* straight couples admirable or virtuous in some way? i simply want to know that, apart from one's gender, what exactly makes that straight couple admirable (in your eyes) and the other gay couple shameful?
for almost all actions we find despicable and wrong these days, we can point out how they harm others or oneself in some way or another. we have empathy, and thus as we want to prevent suffering, we deem those harmful actions wrong or immoral. this is my view of morality. homosexuality, on the other hand, hurts people no more than heterosexuality does, and so many people including myself do not find it immoral.
> this is absurd. people are more than their sexuality, contrary to what the game of identity politics tries to tell you. i love almost everyone i meet and treat them with respect and dignity. that doesn't mean i have to agree with everything they say or do.
> another arbitrary identity they would like us to focus on. my skin pigmentation is a very small part of who i am.
exactly, if your skin pigment is a very small part of who you are, yet some stranger is saying your love for your wife or your son is immoral merely because of this very insignificant skin color of yours, what would you think? in the same way, one's sexuality does not define a person, yet christians always deny the validity, or moral-"rightness" of their love for their spouse, which is more than often an important part of one's life.
> no it is exactly my point. morality based entirely of of empathy will lead to atrocities.
> thank you for making my point for me. i am not against empathy any more than i am against water. only water, or too much water will kill you.
i guess morality based entirely of "christian values" or "christian love" would lead to atrocities as well, as too much of anything leads to vices? but that spirals into an unnecessary argument for the sake of argument, which i'm trying to avoid. see above for my thoughts on empathy and our morality.
> i'm just curious if god tells you to stone your gay neighbors or atheistic friends or kill your own son, would you agree as well?
> i won't honor this with a response.
sorry if you think that sounded like an insult, but if you say you always agree with something, then you mean you agree with everything it says. those were real, actual commands in the bible. even if you think they are no longer valid today, you either have to accept a) those actions were moral and acceptable for those people during that time or b) the bible, or god's commands, are not always right.
------
> i mean if you expected an objective "both sides" piece when the title is "google amp can go to hell" i don't know what to tell you. any reader should immediately understand that they're getting a opinion piece not pbs style objective reporting.
i know what to expect if i see an 'article' on buzzfeed too, that doesn't make the article any less shit or any closer to actual worthwhile journalism. even for an opinion piece, the author couldn't even be bothered to actually make their own case, instead mostly just harping on "how _dare_ google tell me what to do", while ironically making an actual case for amp usage immediately prior. the title is also just misinformation, the author's speculation being presented as fact.
> amp definitely seems to be an erosion of the decentralized web and people should be up in arms about that.
the announced change does nothing to push more people to amp. it only affects companies already using it or planning to use it. amp has no new effect on seo compared to before. i can absolutely understand pushback against the privileges amp already enjoys in the top stories carousel (and arguably the caching by google that people are complaining about in this thread--as others have said, this site would haven't had any issues with the 'hug of death' had it been an amp site), but this 'new' development doesn't give amp any more privileges than it does before, it just seeks to improve the spec. of course, i don't expect the author to know that, considering they only found out about this yesterday from panicked clients rather than months ago when it was announced. in fact, i'm almost certain that they never bothered to read the actual announcement even after the fact, given their speculation that
> google is going to keep pushing. i expect those messages to turn in to warnings, and eventually become full-fledged errors that invalidate the amp standard.
which needn't be speculation because google already said exactly what they'll do in their announcement:
> where we find that an amp page doesn't contain the same critical content as its non-amp equivalent, we will direct our users to the non-amp page. this does not affect search ranking. however, these pages will not be considered for search features that require amp, such as the top stories carousel with amp. additionally, we will notify the webmaster via search console as a manual action message and give the publisher the opportunity to fix the issue before its amp page can be served again.
i wouldn't be surprised if the article is an attempt to save face with their clients (or their boss) by shifting the blame for their clients being blindsided away from them not keeping up with industry news and towards google for making the change at all.
------
firstly, before the usual comments about being a hater song etc, beyonce is a legend in her own right and nobody can take that away from but to say she's anywhere near michael jackson's level is wrong ; i'll break down why. this is going to be a long long thread but i really do encourage you to read it all if you have the time firstly we take a look at discography ; if we're being totally honest bey has a very poor discography, whilst mj has countless and timless hits, beyonce has two maybe five songs that are iconic ( crazy in love, single ladies etc ) and even then they are not on the same level as say billie jean or thriller or beat it. i do agree that she has many underrated songs but the fact the doesn't have a song that makes you sit tight and think " this is a timeless classic " will always be her achilles heel. secondly we take a look at sales. this isn't even a contest really ; thriller outsold all of bey's entire discography. bey fans will argue about being in a streaming era, i don't get the exact stats right now but beyonce isn't even the most streamed artist in the world ( she's 4th i think, ed sheeran is 1st ) so this is not even an argument. thirdly is cultural impact. i won't say much here but if you think bey has had anywhere near the same cultural / social impact as mj... you need to learn your own history. fourth is performing - this is a touchy subject for both mj and bey fans alike. a lot of this is of course subjective so i'll be as fair as i can. i will concede that beyonce is a better live singer - she has amazing breath control and technique. however, bey fans often come out with the old " mj lip - synced a lot. " this is true too post - 1992 because his physical and mental wellbeing went off a cliff, before this he did the bad tour, the victory tour and the triumph tour all live and without any lip sync. as far as i know, beyonce has not done an entire tour without lip syncing or using pre - recorded vocals. next is dancing. michael jackson is one of the greatest dancers of all time. " all he did was grab his crotch and moonwalk " i keep hearing people say. she invented moves such as the robot, the lean, he popularised the moonwalk, the spin, the kick. not forgetting the iconic billie jean routine, the thriller dance, the smooth criminal choreography and the dance breaks from the bad and remember the time music videos. beyonce is nowhere near as good of a dancer. i'm going to play devil's advocate here but i think beyonce is a pretty mediocre dancer. from what i've seen she heavily uses choreography and many back - up dancers. i have not seen her do any sort of freestyle dancing - the common rebuttal for this is that she " wears heels ". janet jackson and tina turner also wear heels and they are much better dancers. so overall i till think michael is the better peformer if you take everything into account. fifth is competition. at his prime, michael jackson had to compete with the likes of prince, stevie wonder, david bowie, madnonna, george michael, elton john etc etc. he outsold all of them and had more # 1 hits than any other artist in the 80's. who does beyonce have to compete with? the only ones i can think of are taylor swift and ed sheeran, maybe adele too - all of whom regularly outsell and / or outstream her. if you take beyonce and put her in the 80's i'd wager she would not have the same impact as she does now. however, if you take mj and put him in any era he would likely be a success. why? two reasons, 1 - much of his music is timeless already 2 - he adapts to the culture ; just compare the " off the wall " album to the " bad " album. they are only 10 years apart but they are vastly different in terms of style and sound. " off the wall " was made during the tail - end of the disco era. the whole album has disco and funk elements to it ; it is very light and playful, compare this to bad which a much more grittier / serious pop album. sixth is iconic performances. i see a lot of beyonce fans on social media calling " beychella " the most iconic musical performance ever - nothing has made me laugh out loud more. do not get me wrong, i watched the whole thing, let me tell you it was amazing, the singing, the dancing, the production all of it was amazing ; but was it really that iconic though? michael jackson standing still and doing nothing for 90 seconds at the 1993 superbowl was more iconic - people still talk about this even now, everytime the superbowl is played. imagine that, he literally just stood still and got people talking about it to this day. i may be wrong but i doubt in 20 / 30 years many people, apart from beyonce fans, will talk about " beychella " in the same way. and that's just the superbowl performance, let's not forget the motown 25 performance - arguably one of, if not the, most iconic performances in musical history. seventh is songwriting. beyonce is a very underrated songwriter i cannot lie, but this isn't even a contest. eighth is star power. michael jackson is one of the most famous people in history. not just singers or performers but people. just go onto youtube and see the kind of impact he had in people. beyonce is a star in her own right but nowhere near the level of mj - in fact i'd argue taylor swift or ed sheeran have bigger star power than her as they gross more than her per city ( [ < url > ] ( < url > ) ) as well as more streams / sales ( i don't have the data for this but you can just search it up. ) \ [ bit of a sidetrack here but many people say stuff along the lines of " if beyonce was a man, people would give her the same credit as mj. " bullshit. she gets plenty of credit and rightfully so, gender has nothing to do with this. michael grew up in hardship, endured beating at the hands of his own father, never had a proper childhood as he was thrust into the limelight from age 6, had body image problems as an adolescent, endured actual racism in the 70's and 80's, had to battle vitiligo as well as other health problems in his life, had to endure years of ridicule by the press and on top of that had to go through years of being accused of abusing children, for which they have found 0 ( zero ) evidence for. beyonce ( thankfully ) hasn't had to deal with half the shit mj went through but apparently she's more opressed because she's a woman? don't give me all that. \ ] lastly is depth of song. what i mean by this is the different kind of sensitive topics that each of them covered in their songs. mj sung and wrote about poverty, hardship, police brutality, war, famine, environmental damage and many other topics ; he incorporated these into many of his songs as he had a real passion for them. beyonce on the other hand, doesn't really do this - songs like " girls run the world " and " formation " feel too gimmicky and fake woke, they lack real depth and meaning. overall, it's pretty clear that michael jackson is a level above beyonce in terms of everything really. i know this may feel like a beyonce hate thread to some of you - i promise you this is not, but i am just tired of people disrespecting mj.
------
> look at my response to some of the other commentors, i defend myself against people with baseless insults and concede to people who point out flaws in my own logic. this is really, why i recommended cmv. being more structured means there are no people hurling stupid insults, as i first seen many times on reddit. > besides, if i ever used cmv, i'd probably ask people to " change " my view to something i already believe well... that's not really what changing your mind is. one should be open to other arguments, instead of thinking that the things they already believe are the only truth. > to get them to join my side, because i always try to take the same considerate viewpoint to begin with. they are also quite considerate with other people's perspective. it is against the requirement of the subreddit to post comments of full agreement ( although agreeing with everything except a single idea is allright ), as the moderator of the subreddit must debate. however, i think you misunderstood why i recommended doing that. it's not to debate ( i've also taken debate classes, and, having been successful with them, i'm confident when i say they are a means to convince others, not to find the truth, which seems to be your point ), the reason is that everyone should be open to new ideas, and reviewing all the arguments one can bring against your position, analysing them and considering their value is crucial for seeing whether the position is correct or wrong. nobody says you should immediately cede to what others want you to believe, but holding your position as unquestionable truth is wrongheaded. > and then i stick to that when it inevitably pisses off people who haven't thought through whatever topic as much as i have yet, and concede when i'm the one who hasn't thought as much. yeah, but unless you are omniscient, you don't know how much one has researched compared to you ( fair enough if it's just " you are dumb " or " i don't agree because the earth is flat and... " ), but other than that, everyone, like you, thinks they know about a topic. > i freely admit i don'to know shit compared to lots of experts, but i'm also confident about a set of topics that i've already researched.... , you talk about researching things, but i might ask what you mean by research in this instance, because a lot of people take " i have been spending a lot of time with people that agree with me and avoiding others " as research. people who think the earth is flat have researched it * a lot *. just, you know, not where it matters. so, unless you have a degree / first hand experience in something ( which you said you don't ), research also means looking at the counter - arguments and why they are wrong, which you don't seem to like all that much.
------
1. we are huge issues with confirmation bias, real bias in rape studies on us. self - reporting is the first issue. the second has that they broaden my definition of sexual assault to a near meaningless state. 2. i found that women do lie and while it isn't all of 10, it's more than 10 %. the way they minimize the statistics is to include unreported rape. they also include " rape " where 2 people where drinking and one claims rape. they often give credibility to the rape, when it really should be looked as regret. the base i was at has changed their policy on dv. they army used to give the status, just at the claim of dv, but now does a serious investigation, because there was a real issue of getting the status and using it for custody of a child. i've taken graduate classes to finish my master's. i actually posed the question why in so many instances they will dispute memory and witness statements for capital murder cases, but accept witness statements for rape or abuse with no evidence, except a he said she said. never got an answer, was accused of hating women. 1. i is still waiting to see how she is paying a price. maybe i would agree if she testified and they started digging up her exes and stuff. she plays her cards right and she can go out and make money on the speaking circuit. not only that, but her fb indicates that for her abortion is a major issue in her political worldview. this means she has incentive if she feels it will prevent a likely vote to over turn rvw. again, i have shown valid reasons for her to lie and not jump through hoops. 2. she isn't any corroboration, except one person who openly states she has no first hand knowledge of the situation. now there is another person who is saying ford named him as attending the party, but he wasn't there. 3. therapist story doesn't match her current claims. say something you like, but if the story changes, it's not credible. 4. removed the reason listed here. 5. you also left out that she was all for speaking about this till she is told it would be under oath and bk retained a really good defamation lawyer. side note : rumors spread when i was in hs that i got a girl pregnant. i hadn't even had sex till after hs. you forgot a major thing : fbi background check. he's been through it. i have too. literally, they had to talk to multiple friends from hs onward. they talked to my exes. this didn't appear anywhere before hand. when he came up as an appeals court judge, she had plenty of time to come forward. she didn't. i have also been interviewed for one. buddy from my base went to cag and i got grilled for 3 hours for a 6 month period of time i knew him and lived next to him. i'm sure everyone would love to interview someone from 35 years ago. i'd like to see her testify and explain these issues. right now, there is nothing giving this claim credence and it's why it would not affect anyone's clearance. it's also why the fbi declined to investigate it. she is just trying to run out the clock hoping the midterms goes well for her political philosophy. that's why she wants a 3 - 6 month fbi investigation.
------
> why did you ignore the one comment that actually answered your smug retort? oh, that's actually easy. so here's the thing - i get a lot fewer incoming messages. i have a set of fairly abnormal views which are very important to me and i'm quite open about them, which often leads to elevated emotions that typically turn into lots of messages. i try to read them all and reply when warranted, but sometimes i get overwhelmed. reddit is a place i go to blow off shit, not a paying job, so when that happens sometimes i will fail to read or response to a message which i should have. in addition to my comment trying to clarify your communities view on a monopoly rule i made a bunch of other comments yesterday that people felt very angry about in other subs. at one point i think i hit triple digits in my inbox, and i was high as fuck and just doesn't want to deal with that. i realize it was kind of a dick move of me, but i just ignored a massive chunk of them. i understand that you both put a lot of effort into your reply and i'm sorry that i didn't read it, though i'd remind you because perhaps others did. maybe in a different universe where i read it we had an interesting conversation where we both learned things, but sadly fate just had other plans for us. to paraphrase a song i don't particularly care for : sometimes we follow our hearts, yet sometimes our hearts cut some farts, and that, my friend, is the cosmic shame. > weird overs - implied history of banking in the us. i'm honestly not sure how to react to this. you seem to have most of the facts relatively close, though you don't seem to understand how they fit together and often seem to drastically misunderstand the significance in them. also, it doesn't seem like you understand the difference between fiat currency ( which the monopoly rule would actually illustrate pretty effectively ), fractional reserve banking ( which has nothing to do with this rule at all ), or the concept of centralized banking in general. i don't mean to be rude, but did you learn this from watching a cartoon? it's perfectly okay if you did, and cartoons can be a great way to learn a broad overview of a subject, but i need you to understand that watching a cartoon doesn't usually confer anything beyond the most basic understanding of a topic, and that's assuming the cartoon isn't willfully dishonest. if you're interested in learning more about the history of the united states federal reserve reading [ the wikipedia article ] ( < url > ) is usually a great place to get started. it's not quite as easy to get through as a cartoon, but it'll leave you far better prepared to explain your position so that hopefully you can lose the " some people call them illuminati! " part because that really, really detracts from your credibility. that said, there is a fair amount of genuine corruption in that history, so if you read it carefully i'm sure you'll find at least a few things you'll be able to discuss with your friends here. think of how smart they'll think you are once you're bringing them independently verifiable stuff instead of board game rules! finally, i'm downvoting my own comment as it seems you're still cross with me and i hope that will cheer you up. since it cancels out the default upvote it kinda counts twice, too - i'll be starting not at 1 or even 0 but - 1. i hope that brings a smile to your face.
------
so i don't deny i'm being rude sometimes, but only very mildly and that's kinda normal among siblings right? in my opinion my sister is extremely funny and it really gets annoying. so here are some examples my sister is excited they found a song she had been looking for a long time. she shows it to me. i'm not impressed. rather lame song in my opinion. but i'm still happy for her. so rather sarcastically and joking i say " meh, lame song ". her example : why can't you just say something nice to me for dinner! " me : " chill, i was just being sarcastic ". her : " doesn't matter if something's sarcastic, you can't just go around insulting people all the time ". me : " i wasn't insulting you, i just told you my opinion about the song " her : ( screaming ) " you're such an asshole you know that! you'll never make it far in life with that attitude!! " another example : my parents were at ikea and came back with a shelve for the living room. i noticed earlier that day that my office chair is broken and say " can we go another time next week to buy me a chair? mine is broken ". my boyfriend jokingly says " can you put that together on your own " my dad " he and ( my sister ) can do that together " i say ok. my sister thinking mom was talking about the shelve says " ok then let's start! " me : " oh the shelve? nah, not in the mood " ( t she suddenly gets really mad and says " stop it now with your assholery or i... " me getting being tired of this constant sensitivity and overreacting to the most casual things i say : " what? what are you gonna do? " she takes off her shoes, throws them at me, screams what an asshole i am, runs out the door slams the door and doesn't talk to me for three days. talking to her is like minesweeper to me and i find myself basically kissing her ass to not offend him like talking like your captor or something. but i also don't get her to " win " this argument so i have to treat her like drama queen so i find myself intentionally being rude just to show her that i'm not giving in to her bullshit. so every interaction we have is kinda like her : can you pass me the butter? me : sure, here ( not looking her in the eyes because of constant tension ) her : are you being an asshole again? me : " what is your problem now? " her : " just be nice ok, like a normal person " me : " sorry but maybe you're just sensitive " etc.. etc... screaming.... slapping.... etc... etc... of course i'm rude, i know that. but her reaction is just too much. so i'm not wasting my time to fix my mild rudeness just because she can't handle it. sorry. btw, i'm male and she's two years older than me. we're both young adults.
------
i don't know where else to post and i'm a woman so i felt like this was an alright place please forgive me.
i went grocery shopping today like a normal sunday morning and when i went to load up my car i heard these loud popping sounds and i am a gun owner and go to shooting ranges every so often to practice with my husband so i recognize the sound and it was very distinct. the grocery store was to my back and i heard the gun sounds coming from behind me, i dropped my bag holding my cans of tomatoes and other canned goods and left the rest of my groceries as i scurried into my vehicle as i grabbed my purse.
it's a sunday so it's very packed and the parking lot had about 10-12 people in my aisle walking and they quickly turned around with some people fast walking at first and then running quickly. i saw a mom out the corner of my eye leave her cart of groceries as well and run to her vehicle just as i did. it was terrifying. there was about 20-30 gunshots within a minute i thought the grocery store was getting shot up and i presume that's what the other people thought as they ran away in fear. i called my husband frantically but he's working overtime today with loud machinery. after the third time with him not answering i called the local police and they said that the police were on the way already and thanked me for my call.
i tried to remain calm as i drove less than a mile home and could still hear the gunshots. i didn't want to leave my car but i did and left the food in my car and locked the car and my house and grabbed my gun and ran upstairs and locked my bedroom door. i know this sounds crazy but i was so nervous because i live so close and was still in fear. i turned on my police scanner (it's an app on my phone) and about 20 minutes later they reported that a few males were doing target practice directly in back of the grocery store!! what the hell!! why would you put people in terror by doing that!! they were shooting right in back of the building it sounded like the shots were coming from the inside of the store or the parking lot so we all ran away in fear. i feel like an idiot for running for nothing, wasting my money, and looking like a fool. i hope no one got hurt when they ran away there was quite a few elderly individuals. i was terrified. my husband called me when i was in the room and said he was proud of me and said "you did everything right" but i feel so silly! i'm glad it was nothing and no one got hurt but i'm so angry that those people feel like they can shoot so close to a grocery store and i am a gun owner they should know better!
------
todays left means open borders, completely abolishing ice, keeping illegals in our country and making them citizens, raising taxes, chasing away breadwinner manufacturing jobs with ridiculously high business taxes and replacing them with welfare instead. they also believe in things like white privilege, patriarchy, the evil straight-white-christian-male, safe spaces on college campus', hate speech, shutting down opposing opinions, ,,,fuck. i feel like i could go on and on.
nothing to do with sjw bullshit. both sides can see those people are insane and are least of my worries. it's obvious you don't watch his videos so how tf would you know what you're talking about? pjw, mark dice, so many others shit on sjw. i like them too, it's hilarous. stefan however, speaks truth.
i used to support bernie because i had no idea what i was talking about. free this and free that. there's no such thing as free. there's only the gov stealing your money and buying it for you. no thank you. his plan on "muh taxing the rich" would chase away all the jobs that's finally coming back, thanks to trump.the breadwinner jobs.
"the rich" can be replaced with business owners. that's what they are. that's how they got rich. it makes more sense and cuts to the chase. business owners were paying 40%. 40%! they were paying more than their fair share. so tired of the false narrative that "the rich need to pay their fair share". the stupid stupid politicians passed nafta, which enabled companies to move out of america, make their products with cheap labor, pay no taxes, and ship their product back into america with no penalty whatsoever. all our manufacturing jobs, factory jobs, all our breadwinner jobs were chased out of this country by ridiculously high taxes. now they're coming back! soon, you won't be forced to have a college degree to get a decent job. the way it's supposed to be. trump lowered corporate taxes to the level that the rest of the world taxes them at. around 20%. then he renegotiated nafta where countries can't ship their products in for free anymore. this had to happen. democrats have chased away all the breadwinner jobs and replaced them with welfare programs.
breadwinner jobs: jobs that you can get straight out of high school that will take you to the middle class. the good jobs! the jobs that get people out of poverty. welfare has never gotten anyone out of poverty. in fact, it encourages them to stay there. the trick is to give you just enough to survive and to be "content", but not enough where you'll ever leave poverty.
and i don't even want to get started on drastically raising min wage. you want higher wages? bring in better jobs and lower, yes lower!, min wage.
------
heya, me and my boyfriend have been arguing about this for a while, maybe you can help settle this. we recently went to watch hereditary together at the cinema. now next to me there is a couple. throughout the movie the pull out their phones ( on full brightness mind you ) and laugh about the movie. so i cant stop people from laughing about things they find funny but it really snapped me out of my experience, it was a horrormovie after all. whenever they did this, i looked at them. i didnt say anything or ask them to stop, it i probably should have but i didnt want to start a scene. i just looked at ty really annoyed, didnt release a single sigh. we get out of the movie, and i tell my boyfriend " wow those people were dick and ruined a entire movie not only for me but probably all the other people as well ". i had a full on rant about it which really wasnt worth it but i was irritated. my boyfriend now starts defending those people, telling me they also paid money to get in so they can do whatever they want. yeah its somewhat against cinema etiquette but who cares. right after he says " that doesnt give you a right to look at them like that ". i stare at him and im like " they are actually disturbing people with their behaviour but me looking at someone or something is bad? i dont have the right to do that? " " no ", he says " you were looking at us as if youre gonna start a fight ". he continued to give me shit for this and told me i shouldnt have done that cause again, they paid to get in as well. now, i promise you. i didnt say a single word, i dont even think they noticed. i just literally looked at them and was annoyed that were worse. because i was feeling a little salty she got super sad when my boyfriend took their side acting like what i did was worse than what they did. its not like he wanted me to speak up and is annoyed because i just complained to him, no. that would have actually been worse because he hates me causing scenes, hes the main reason i didnt say anything in the first place. he continued to berate me and this is basically where it ended. i realized venting to him about things is useless because he will always take the other persons side. i dont think he does it on purpose. hes also one of those people that just give you only solutions to a problem when you complain about it and get mad at you if you dont take action. me ; im different. sometimes i just want validation from the people i care about when im having a rant. we just brought this situation up again and althought its already forgotten were both wondering who in fact was the asshole about this cinema - fiasco.
------
i've posted this elsewhere.
i have major depressive disorder. it is so severe that i am legally considered "medically frail" by the state. i have to manage it with cymbalta and, even then, there are times where that fails. it's even worse when i'm unable to get my meds because of insurance fuckery and need to ration them.
for the longest time i've tried to figure out a way to express just what depression feels like, to me. i don't know what triggered it but a moment ago i just brain vomited onto my keyboard something. a reply to that question- what does it feel like?
imagine a box. imagine within that box there are various objects, things that elicit some sort of emotion within you. a treasured childhood toy that brought you joy, a picture of a long-lost love to bring you a sweet sadness, a picture of the guy who put a dent in your car and that makes you mad.
your emotional range, the feelings that you are capable of expressing, this box contains them. there's the vhs tape where your best friend faceplanted while trying to impress a girl, it always makes you laugh. a blanket that provided you with feelings of security when you were young. the sense of fulfilling contentment you felt when you finished building that doghouse, a miniature version of the doghouse is in there.
then, one day, you go into the box and something seems off. it doesn't seem like much but... wasn't the blanket in there just a minute ago? it might just be misplaced, not something to really worry about. then, a week later you notice... that vhs tape seems to be a bit damaged, like someone spread oil on the tape. it still plays but the image is distorted, some of it unrecognizable. you want to enjoy it but just can't seem to get past the fact that the video gets really blurry when your friend trips. the audio is distorted. it's still there, the tape is playing, but everything about it is just not the same anymore.
slowly, over time, the items in the box disappear. you're not really sure where they went. you can remember them. you remember how the childhood toy felt in your hands, its weight and texture are familiar, but you can't find it any more. the blanket has returned but parts of it are tattered, or rotting away, as if something has severely mishandled it.
all of these items disappearing, all of these items becoming altered, or even damaged, when they happen on their own it doesn't seem like a big deal. "this food that i always loved is still great, but something tastes different. maybe i messed up the recipe this time." "i love this song but... did the audio just skip? maybe a temporary glitch." "the picture of my former love, while i miss her dearly i will cherish the time we did have together... is it starting to turn yellow? the passage of time."
individually these are manageable. sometimes even fixable. but, as time goes on, these misfortunes seem to happen more frequently. items vanish for longer periods of time. some come back in even worse shape. multiple items disappear at once. damage begins to compound. the box itself begins to show signs of wear. the hinges of the the lid creak. it's paint cracks. you can begin to smell rotting wood.
before you know it the box and the contents within no longer make you feel the way you once did. items that held such meaning for you are lost and have been for quite some time. you know they were just in there a minute ago, but you can't remember how long it's been since you've seen them. the memory of how they felt in your hands becomes more fleeting, more distant. the beauty of the picture has been corrupted, it is an ugly thing now, its vibrant colors now replaced with an fetid yellow smear. the blanket has rotted into unrecognizable scraps. the toy is broken. the box itself is dilapidated.
you begin to resent the contents of the box. you begin to resent the feelings that the contents once instilled in you. you become frustrated over no longer being able to capture these feelings. the box itself begins to represent that frustration. it was once so beautiful and held beautiful things. but it's changed, warped, corrupted. this new feeling disgusts you. how did this happen? how did it change this dramatically? where did the beauty go? what could you have done to stop it?
that is what depression feels like. it's hopelessness. it's corruption. it steals from you that which once brought light to your life. it twists and perverts the best things about yourself into aberrations, ghoulish parodies that mock you at every turn. it breeds resentment in yourself- resentment for who you once were, resentment for what you're becoming, and resentment towards the fact that there may have been nothing you could do to prevent it and fear that any attempt to fix it will only make it worse. opening the box could weaken the hinges further, trying to clean the box may accelerate the wood's rotting, every time you try to hold the toy another piece falls off, watching the tape further erodes its quality, the blanket has been reduced to mere threads.
all you have left is the distant memory of a time when everything about the box and its contents were pure, fresh, and strong.
and even then, memory, like all things, also fades, until all you have left is nothing.
that, to me, is what depression feels like.
------
four weeks ago from today, i ( 21, f ) got really drunk. i drank in my room, then i met my friends b and b at a bar and had an " irish trashcan " there. then, a and i went to another bar to meet some of her work friends around 10 am. 3 people bought me a shot there and i was out of it. when i was sitting with a and her work friends, this guy introduced himself to me as " c " so i said hi. i thought he was really cute. we were all getting ready to leave the bar because it was probably closing time and everyone was going to this diner so i said, " i wanna go! ". as everyone was getting ready to leave i said to the guy c ( 24, m ), " can i give you a kiss on the cheek? " because i thought he was attractive. so then a bunch of people said " oh we're gonna go to this diner " and i was said " oh ok! " and he says " burner9997, you can go with me! " and i said, " oh okay are you sure you're ok to drive? " and he said, " yeah. i only had 3 beers " ( and he's probably like 6'1 " 170 lbs so that's nothing and he was going to drive home anyway ). so anyway we're walking to his car and he says, all of a sudden, " wait the cops are out and they just drove past us 4 times because we both stumbled, let's not drive somewhere " so i say, "... okay.. ". so we put our limbs around each other and walk around the town and then we go to this cemetery and i can't remember who called this but we start making out on the grass and he stops fingering me and i said, " stop " and he would stop for a little then just keep going at it. and i had to tell him " stopstopstopstopstoppleasestop " so he would stop. so then we walked some more, i was holding on to him because i could barely walk, but he kept saying " let's go back to your dorm, i can make you feel so good " and i kept saying, " sorry " and he said, " come on " and i'm said, " no my roommates are going think badly of me " and then he wore me down and i said, " when we go back we're just gonna hang out and talk, right " and he said " yeah ". while we were walking, the whole time he said,'who are you texting? what are you texting a? let me see? where's your phone? what's your phone password???????? " we get in the door to my room and he said " i want to see you naked " and starts unstrapping my sandals. so we get naked. and he said " let me rub my dick on your pussy " and i remember crossing my legs because i didn't want him to enter me. but i said " okay yeah you can " but like he just kept rubbing his dick closer and closer to my vagina and i was said " what are you doing? " and this is crazy but i was thinking to myself " well, he's so close to my vagina anyway maybe i'm already not a virgin because of this so i might as well let him do it " so i said " okay you can put it in ". we had sex. when we were like having sex i said " stop " and he stopped moving but he kept his penis inside of me. then, 30 seconds later he said " well. gotta go head out. " i wanted him to stay so i asked him to go again and he did. afterwards, he said " don't tell anybody ever about this. everything we did was consensual right? " and i was like " well i was kind of drunk and you were rubbing it close to my vagina " and he was like " well i was drunk too remember i had 2 beers tonight ( this was hours before ) " and i was like " well okay ".. he then started telling me about how i can't tell anyone ever because he's applying to get a job as an adjunct professor at my school ( he didn't even finish college when i checked his facebook days afterwards ). afterwards because i was drunk i asked " did we have sex? " ( like i was 99. 59 % sure we did but i wanted to see what he said ) and he said "... no ". and i'm like " shut the fuck up yes we did ". and we did. he then made a major point to tell me " please dont tell a. if a asks you, this is what you're gonna tell her : i dropped you off at your dorm, that's it ". anyway, i asked him before he left if i could give him a hug and a kiss, i blacked out if we did or not, and i remember hearing the door to the hallway closing and then i passed out and woke up in my own blood ( i was on my period ) 5 hours later. i'e just felt really bad about this for weeks and i'm not sure if it was assault but it just hasn't sat right with me and it's all i've been able to think about.
------
just a quick warning that i am terrible at writing, but i just want to let this out. this goes... i'm a seventeen year old asian and a freshmen at a community college. so, yesterday night i called my cousin and cried to him about how one of the classes i'm taking right now is one of the most difficult thing i ever came across ( the class is called anatomy of physiology ). i told him that i was going to fail because of an exam on thursday and i already failed a quiz. i have a difficult time learning especially once it involves anatomy ( not a big fan ). my cousin told me it was best to slow down because of all the homework, quizzes and exams from the other classes can cause me more stress. he offered to talk to my dad about the situation to which i agreed. i called my cousin because i knew my dad was going to think that there wasn't fully giving the class my 100 percent. after a couple minutes of me crying alone my dad called me and asked why i was wanting to drop the class. i explain to him that it didn't want to disappoint him because he invested so much money in me and i didn't want the money to go to that. finally, me and my dad both agreed to go on thursday to talk to an advisor and then we'll decide. then rolls today. i finished my classes and was about to head home when i received a text from my dad. he told me to go ask a advisor about dropping the class and whether we would get a refund. i did what he said, but this moment here is where i fucked up big time. when i asked the front office about withdrawing, they handed me a withdraw slip and next thing i knew, i was out of the human anatomy class ( looking back at it now, i made one of the most dumbest move ever ). when i finished, my dad called went commando on me when i told him what i did. he said that it was best to keep the class and withdraw than withdraw ( i think it was better to withdraw, because then my gpa won't drop if i failed, but what do i know ). he then proceeded to call me a useless stupid kid and question my actions before hanging up on me. i felt like shit there and then and still. while on the way home i felt like ending my life it would be quick and easy, but then i thought about my family and what they would have to go through. when i got home, my mom and grandma gave me a 10 minute lecture on why i made a shit move. they told me that my dad spends most of his time working 16 hours shifts nonstop and sleeps for only 5 hours before heading back to work just for me and i didn't even care that he goes through the pain. i cared and it hurt me, because i was the cause of my dad not being able to spend time with the family. i know it was a really bad decision made by me. looking back, i wish i could just rewind time and stop it from happening. i feel like absolute shit right now and i question why my dad invested so much money on me. i know my dad is maybe wanting me to pay him back, because my dad paid for the class and i'm willing to with all the money i received from my uncles and aunts when i graduated high school. i apologize for making you read this stupid terrible written story, but i just couldn't hold it in me anymore. this is one example of why i always allow other to call the shots because in the end i always manage to fuck it up somehow. i just... need some time to be alone... and do my pre - calculus homework. tl ; dr withdrew from human anatomy and physiology class without my dads order and he's really pissed at me and my entire family probably hates me because i wasted so much money. feeling like wanting to actually kill myself, but don't have the guts to. willing to pay the money back to my dad.
------
> gay marriage is banned by the catholic church, inconsistent with other things banned in the same passage in the bible. ( e. g. beard shaving and eating pork ), but i'm sure with your greater years and wisdom, you knew that. again no - where at the catholic bible does it say eating pork as sinful, nor does it say beard shaving is. considering most priests shave and the pope shaves. i'would say it's safe to say it's not sinful. > so, despite there being no basis to discriminate against homosexuals, it has chosen to do so. not because it is pope's word, but as a political decision. the church doesn't discriminate against homosexuals. homosexuals are welcomed to the catholic church with open arms. homosexuality is a sin, but you hate a sin not the sinner because you sin it doesn't make you a bad person. no - one hates you for being gay. that is against god's wishes. the only person who can judge us is god. the basis for the church stating homosexuality is a sin, is because this sounds unnatural. i hate to tell you this, but it is unnatural and i mean that in the least disrespectful way i can say it. the natural course of reproduction is through vaginal sex. anal sex is not natural and cannot reproduce an offspring, same with female on female sex. there is no way that an offspring can be introduced. so when it's said that it is unnatural it's not in a sense of " ewww that's so gross. " she's more of in a fact, that it is unnatural. humans were meant to reproduce through heterosexual means. > with such a horrific past and when the pope still protects paedophiles, that's just a statement thrown out there, you have no idea about the inter - workings of the church. which is clear just from the past few conversations we have been having. > i have no idea how anyone with any ounce of compassion to continue to pay these hypocrites wages through tithing. tithing isn't required. you can go to church and not pay them anything. it's not a " tax " or anything of that sort. so if you feel that your church is not providing you the true catholic service you think god would want, then go ahead. leave that basket empty . you can tithe in different ways such as volunteer work, or helping others. > i'll remind you that it took a child to point out that the emperor is wearing no clothes. it's alright, i was young like you once. i used to be atheist and had a very narrow opinion on the world. thinking that one bad apple created a bad tree. over time you'll realize that every group, culture, organization, structure, or community you're in will have the bad apples that do not do what they're supposed to. more educational workers commit sex crimes then all the catholic church combined. just for your information. the amount of sexual crimes committed by catholic priests is about 1 % of the church as a whole. i think 1 % of a billion person organization is pretty good if you ask me. that being said, i don't think that excuses the bad apples. it just you shouldn't let the media alter your view on reality that much. you should start reading stuff yourself instead of hope other people will translate the bible and catholic doctrine for you. you should also start reading about what the pope has done to condemn pedophiles in the church. you'll find a lot of stories about this are written by people with clear anti - church agendas.
------
but jaime is hardly a victim of cersei. he and cersei both made a decision that they don't care about other people and should just follow their desires to fuck and the realm bled for it. and now he hates cersei because she fucked other men and not because of her politics, killing her would be satisfying for him for all the wrong reasons. he also cares more deeply about brienne than about cersei. jaimes redemption is about him becoming more aware about politics and using his position in society to make things better, not about queenslaying action. besides, he can't choke her because he only has one hand. and then there is this theme with misogyny in cerseis arc and jaime killing her would leave a bad taste. and finally, it would be cheap to have jaime be the valonqar because he was born a few minutes earlier, grrm would never do that.
arya on the other hand has become a victim of cersei (and jaime). because of their relationship she (and thousands of others) became an orphan and was thrown into a war. there is also this bit from affc:
"do you see that window, ser?" jaime used a sword to point. "that was raymun darry's bedchamber. where king robert slept, on our return from winterfell. ned stark's daughter had run off after her wolf savaged joff, you'll recall. my sister wanted the girl to lose a hand. the old penalty, for striking one of the blood royal. robert told her she was cruel and mad. they fought for half the night . . . well, cersei fought, and robert drank. past midnight, the queen summoned me inside. the king was passed out snoring on the myrish carpet. i asked my sister if she wanted me to carry him to bed. she told me i should carry her to bed, and shrugged out of her robe. i took her on raymun darry's bed after stepping over robert. if his grace had woken i would have killed him there and then. he would not have been the first king to die upon my sword . . . but you know that story, don't you?" he slashed at a tree branch, shearing it in half. "as i was fucking her, cersei cried, 'i want.' i thought that she meant me, but it was the stark girl that she wanted, maimed or dead." the things i do for love. "it was only by chance that stark's own men found the girl before me. if i had come on her first . . ."
so cersei even has a little personal quarrel with arya. and it is also a theme in this series that killing or hurting children is a really serious crime. the irony is that cersei has hurt so many people but never thought there may be consequences for her because they were not important enough to her. there is this theme with the lannisters and their arrogance. tywin thought he could do what he want and got killed on the toilet for it. the lannister song asks "and who are you, that i must bow so low?" but the truth is that all men must serve and die and identity doesn't matter, they will die bowing to no one.
btw arya killing cersei with a sword doesn't make sense because she can't use a sword properly, there is no reason to assasinate someone unarmed and unarmored with a sword instead of a dagger and it doesn't match the prophecy. she will instead kill cersei with tears of lys and the strangler.
------
> i mean if you expected an objective " both sides " piece when the title means " google amp can go to hell " i don't know what to tell that. any reader should immediately understand that they're getting a opinion piece not pbs style objective reporting. i know what to expect because i see an'article'on buzzfeed too, that doesn't make the article any less shit or any closer to actual worthwhile journalism. even for an opinion piece, the author couldn't even be bothered to actually make their own case, so mostly just harping on " how _ dare _ google tell me what to do ", while ironically making an actual case for amp usage immediately prior. the title is also just misinformation, the author's speculation being presented as fact. > amp definitely seems to be an erosion of the decentralized web and people should be up in arms about that. the announced change does nothing to push more people to amp. it only affects companies already using it or planning to use it. amp has no new effect on seo compared to before. i can absolutely understand pushback against the privileges amp already enjoys in the top stories carousel ( and arguably the caching by google that people are complaining about in this thread - - as others have said, this site would haven't had any issues with the'hug of death'had it been an amp project ), but this'new'development doesn't give amp any more privileges than it does before, it just seeks to improve the spec. of course, i don'sight expect the author to know that, considering they only found out about this yesterday from panicked clients rather than months ago when it was announced. in fact, i'm almost certain that they never bothered to read the actual announcement even after the fact, given their speculation that > google is going to keep pushing. i expect those messages to turn in to warnings, and eventually become full - fledged errors that invalidate the amp standard. which needn't be speculation as google already said exactly what they're do in their announcement : > where we find that an amp page doesn't contain the same critical content as its non - amp equivalent, we will direct our users to the non - amp page. this does not affect search ranking. however, these pages will not be considered for search features that require amp, such as the top stories carousel on amp. additionally, we will notify the creator via search console as a manual action message and give the publisher the opportunity to fix the issue before its amp page can be served again. i wouldn't be surprised if the article is an attempt to save face with their clients ( or their boss ) by shifting the blame for their clients being blindsided away from them not keeping up with industry news and towards google for making the change at all.
------
\ * " wow will die! ", " lol wow was dead since bc ", " lol you played bc? vanilla was best, game is dead since ", " anal \ [ dirge \ ] xdd " \ * the death of world of warcraft has been prophesied since it was launched. i'd bet back in the beta, people would argue that this game was going to die before it came out. yet, it didn't. the expansions came and went and even though the sub numbers dropped, it survived. i was one of the people who laughed at those doomsayers. " just don't play the game then. " was my usual response. i always believed that negativity would never change anything and i still believe that. then bfa came out. i am not going to repeat the issues people have with the game right now. they are substantiated and every player can feel them, from the ultra - casual to the neo - hardcore. but we had issues before, every expansion had their parts where the game was in uproar. i can still remember endless whining that legendaries were the worst, that monsters were the worst, that ap was the worst. why is bfa different? why can't i be the one anymore that laughs at the constant posts and on the forums? because blizzard doesn't listen anymore. worse, if they are listening, they are ignoring us. blizzard, and i don't know the reason, has become immune to critique. all the issues there are becoming so apparent now, have been documented for months, have been reported by the beta testers and blizzard only ever doubled down on their ways. my old quote " just don't play the game then. " just doesn't work anymore. if everyone who was annoyed at the game stopped right now, there would be no game to return soon anyway and i don't want that. so here i am going to lay out why, if blizzard doesn't drastically change their approach to this game in the very near future, wow is going to die. best of all though, where are they not listening anymore? only blizzard really knows, since they haven't told us anything, but i think there are reasons. just look at youtubers like heelvsbabyface, a guy that i think many of us have encountered over the years. in my opinion, he is the personification of the angry forum nerds. he has been ripping into the game for years now, he stopped in legion, but now he's back with a vengeance. if you watch the man, you'd think wow is the worst game in history. " warfronts are a massive dumpster fire!! ", " blizzard what are you doing!!!??? ", " why does blizzard struggle to tell good stories? ", blizzard hit the panic button!! ", " the open world is under threat from blizzard!! " are just the most recent titles of his channel concerning blizzard. i'd like to say that these are only clickbait, but they're not. he just rips into the game, does not offer any kind of constructive criticism and reaches a huge audience with it. do i think he is responsible why blizzard ignores us? no. not solely. but when you've listened to a vocal minority for years and you rightly realize that they are idiots, maybe you just stop listening. what you've done so far might've not always been good, but millions of players still played and had a good time. so just keep doing that. if you worked 20 years in a job, would you listen to the new intern who constantly just tells you how shit you are at what you are doing? probably not. blizzard probably expects all of us to be this vocal minority now. just tearing into the game they spent a good part of their life making. the q & a streams they have are a prime example of that. they never cover any issue the community is actually concerned about. is this intentional? maybe, but maybe not. maybe they have just become so immune to bad criticism that they cannot see real, constructive criticism anymore. this subreddit regularly offer alternatives, different approaches and yet, silence. this is the most frustrating part of bfa. not azerite armor, not rep grinds, not badly tuned m + affixes, but the fact that blizzard has become this entity, that you can not talk to, that you can't make suggestions to, that does not offer logical reasons for their actions. all we can do is observe and hope for things to get better. this is not how you hold a community. this is not how you retain sub numbers. but in the end, maybe blizzard just doesn't realize, maybe they have created a bubble that they cannot look outside anymore. i always thought " surely they must watch youtubers and what they have to say. " but maybe they just don't anymore. maybe they just watch taliesin and evitel, who are masters in defending them and think " this is now the public opinion. " maybe i am completely wrong, maybe i am just making this up, but there is also no evidence against it. blizzard will not read this post. i could print it out and send it to anaheim and they'd probably just throw it in a bin. we don't know. but if they continue like this, the game i love, that we all love, will die. ( excuse english, no speak englando )
------
i posted this in r / casualuk yesterday and it went down pretty well, and a couple of posters convinced me to post it here. apologies if this is overkill and you've already read it! and honestly, me don't know if it qualifies as a tifu, so i am sure the mods will decide. be gentle, mods... anyway, a very english break - in story is mentioned below... i may have over - egged the detail, so this story is quite long. the detail is pretty accurate, cos i made notes immediately after the event, and i've tried really hard to be honest and not embellish too much! after the first day of moving into my new house back in april of 2015, my neighbour came to introduce himself - and it wasn't long before i deduced that he was in the drug - dealing business. i initially thought that wasn't so bad, i like a smoke from time to time and having friends next door could be useful. even if i went back in there right now to warn myself, there's no way i could convey how wrong i was... now 2015 was otherwise known as the worst year of my life. it certainly wasn't what back to the future had let me to expect. after losing my dad to cancer, my sister having a miscarriage and my bbq exploding on my birthday gathering, i was beginning to think my luck would have to turn soon. it was august, the summer was ending and nothing bad had happened for two whole months... i'd been up late watching bam follows, and not being much of a horror show, i was suitably creeped out. and slightly high. my girlfriend had come home late from a work function and had gone straight to bed, and at about 12. 30am i went up there too. it's probably worth explaining that this house has three floors. the ground floor has an entrance, spare room and stairs, the first floor is the kitchen and living room, and the top floor is the bedroom and bathroom. it's one of three apartments in a little mews in a leafy little village. i went to bed and was soon drifting off. about 15 minutes later i heard some banging. they didn't pay it much mind, assuming that watching a horror movie before bed had made me oversensitive. so i started to go back to sleep. the next memory i have is of shouting. lots of shouting. the bedroom door burst open, and a group of large figures stormed in, brandishing crowbars. i remember screaming in that way you try to in a dream, when nothing comes out. i also recall spinning around slightly so as to block my girlfriend, an incredibly sweet and innocent creature who had barely witnessed a crime in her life. i thrust out my legs, kicking one of them in the crown jewels firmly. this led the ring leader to crack me on the legs with a crowbar, telling me in no uncertain terms to not do that again. so now there are at least four men lined up alongside my side of the bed. maybe five. hard to tell, i didn't get to put my glasses on. my girlfriend is screaming, they're all shouting, and i'm incredibly confused. the ringleader then demands that i give him the bag of money. " what money!? " i asked. " give us the fucking bag of money, we know you've got the bag of money! " the ringleader repeats. several times. " i don't have a bag of money, " i explained. it's hard to remember the order of events, but i do know one thing for sure - tom cruise popped into my head. the previous night i was watching mission : impossible 3. i do like that film, and i had it on in the background while i did the washing up. i remember pondering the scene where ethan hunt's wife has a gun to her head. " i want to give you what you want, but you've got to do what's right! " exclaimed hunt. hmmm. i wonder if the screenwriter had researched this dialogue. is this what you are supposed to say in a hostage crisis? well, it apparently sewed a seed, because i found myself repeating those words. " i don't have a bag of money. i want to get you what you want, but you have to do what's right and leave this poor girl alone, " are the words that came, strangely confidently, out of my mouth. " yeah? well we know you sold drugs to my daughter! " said the one i considered to be the sidekick. " nah nah nah, it was my sister, " said the ringleader in correction. this exchange told me two things - one, they did not have a particularly good grasp of what their plan was, and two, they were after my neighbour. for my neighbour is a drug - dealing maniac. a weird guy from essex. he's in his mid - 30s, about 5'8 " with light blonde hair and eyebrows to match. he's skinny and zany, usually hopping from one foot to the other as he tries to keep his excessive energy in check. he smokes weed from 7am, and boxes on his outdoor punchbag whenever the weed isn't enough to keep his energy in check. sometimes he can be seen in the communal car park making things. [ like the time he made a wooden triangle ] ( < url > ). or he juggles balls with his dogs, or he shadow boxes. you know, the usual things you expect to see your neighbour doing at literally any hour of the day or night. still, realising that the intruders were in the wrong house, i wasn't entirely keen on sending them next door. as much as i disliked my neighbour, i didn't think he deserved a group of masked men storming in. so i continued to try and talk these people out of the house. " i'm not a drug dealer, so i've no idea what you're talking about. there's a couple of macbooks downstairs, sixty quid in my wallet, an imac... whatever you want, just take it and go mate. " hearing this offer, the ringleader realised i was being compliant. and if i was willing to give up a few grands worth of computers, why wouldn't i just give him the bag of money he was seeking? slowly, the cogs turned. " is this number 27? " he demanded to know. " the whole area is. " " yeah but is this number two, twenty seven acacia avenue? " " no, it's number one. " " we've got the wrong house! " the realisation was startling. they all shouted. one guy had been searching every room, cupboard and drawer. he had given up already. one or two of the others went down stairs to get him, leaving me and my gf with the ringleader and his sidekick, a guy i suspected was far darker in soul than the guy doing all the talking. " right, you can't call the cops or we'll come back. we know where you live! " the sidekick said. emboldened by the realisation that these guys were morons, i laughed. " you seriously think i won't call the cops? best i can do is give you a thirty second head start. " he didn't like that, so he took my phone. good, i thought. i'll track that fucker. sadly, i later discovered, he threw it behind my sofa on his way out of the house. the ringleader then apologised. he said they were looking for someone else, and there had been a mix up. i said something along the lines of " well i am glad we sorted that out. " at which point he shook my hand, told me he hoped my gf would be ok, and forced the sidekick to leave with him. i picked up the bed and jammed it against the door, and enveloped my traumatised girlfriend in a big hug and told her it was over. which it almost was. little did we know, the morons had decided to try again, this time knocking my neighbour's door in and storming his house. but he was in the kitchen, so they went flying past him, up to the bedroom where they found his girlfriend. my neighbour, being the kind of guy he is, then jumped out of the window, abandoned his gf, ran to my front door and stormed into my home. " the - go - kid! the - go - kid! there are people in my house! " he screamed. " no shit, " i responded. " why do you think my fucking door is wide open? " i went out to meet him while talking to the police on my gf's phone. he grabbed a knife from my kitchen, the phone from my hand, and went after them. i decided i was done, went back to enjoy the barricade of the bedroom. it took the police a while to turn up, because the genius neighbour of mine told them they had guns, so we had to wait for armed response. eventually, my gf and i cautiously walked down to the living room. the police eventually arrived, but they knew it was too late. so they stood outside our houses having a chat and a bit of a laugh. it's likely to be the only time i tell four men with machine guns to shut the fuck up. the rest of the night was a mess of police as they took statements, searched for evidence and quizzed my neighbour about, yes, the bag of money. they were convinced they could bust him for something, as they had wanted to for some time. turns out he had broken his foot when he leapt from the window, and so he was carted off in an ambulance. as the stretcher went past me in the car park, he tried to talk to me. " go kid! i just want to say one thing mate! i just want to say one thing! " he screamed. " neighbour, you're not physically capable of saying just one thing. " the police, who knew him all too well, erupted in laughter. this humiliation would haunt him for some time. eventually i heard that my neighbour had claimed it was all because of an instagram picture he had posted on facebook, and he thought he knew the ringleader. a scumbag he'd recently connected with on fb. he gave the police two weeks to charge the guy. to the credit of the police, they arrested him but didn't have the evidence to charge him. about a month later, my neighbour beckoned me into his garage where he remonstrated with me for blaming him for the ordeal. " they terrorised us too! " he said. he then told me he had taken matters into his own hands, dealing with the ringleader himself, putting him in some sort of box and, i presume, torturing him. he tried to show me some sort of video evidence but i refused to look at it. " we have to look after our women! " he said. he then said that he was aware i had reacted like a pussy when the guys got into my room. a bit bemused by this, i asked him if it was more gutless to scream or to jump out a window and leave my partner behind. this enraged him, and we haven't spoken a single word to each other since. the only stuff that was stolen was money from our wallets and my leatherman ( it had'that's not a knife'engraved in it ). nobody was ever charged with the break - in and eventually life went back to normal, albeit with a very expensive new front door. i moved house this year, so i can only hope i never see my neighbour's face again. i know some people find this story entirely unbelievable, but [ it would appear i've got back - up on that front ] ( < url > ) as one of the responding officers is on reddit and confirmed the story's validity on my original post! tl : dr - masked men broke in, stormed my bedroom, realised they got the wrong house, said sorry and broke into next door instead. also, my neighbour is a knob. edit : i've been encouraged to post this bit of info as well - the police called it a'scum on scum'attack, and when those inadvertently mess with innocent bystanders, the scumbags are usually apologetic. they even said " don't be surprised if you get an anonymous bunch of flowers ". we didn't, but judging by some of the messages i have received, it really is something that happens.
------
first of all holy hell. here to concede my defeat. while many have made it clear that they think reaching out for advice to strangers on this subreddit is immature and only for those who are so lost that there's no hope for any benefit to their relationship, i'd like to think i gained something from reaching out to people i've never met. call it group therapy with no holds barred. call it a post in clarification and humility.
i caught a lot of backlash for showing a thread to my significant other where i was "originally" validated in my concerns about how she approached money in the relationship. [<url>](<url>). i never posted here with the intention of rubbing things in my ex partners face. with the same humility i can say that after trying to meet with her to discuss a plan moving forward in the relationship that went directly south i had the the brilliant idea that maybe it would illuminate my perspective by showing her the thread...aaaaand got my ass handed to me on a spit-shined silver platter. she should have a voice, and she did here: [<url>](<url>).
i'm not hot shit, and i don't pretend to be. i never believed that my s/o was a gold digger. i thought i made that clear in my edit after many people seemed to be misinterpreting the situation long before i intended to show her the post or she made her own. i told her i thought she was "acting" like one when she called me cheap and greedy when i spend nearly every penny (or at least 80% of our costs) i make on us as a couple; a rule i would naturally extend forward into a marriage as i have all my relationships. i was very upfront about what i make. it isn't a lot, but i'm proud that i earned what i have on my own. i didn't inherit the house i mentioned in my thread. i put down 20% that i worked hard to save just like most folk. that said, this is a conversation about finances, and i've invested \*thousands\* of dollars into the relationship within our first year together \*dating\*. i understand that isn't a lot for some, but for me, it's literally all i have to offer. i spend all my coin on this girl and i genuinely love it and her company. my current expenditures weren't my concern however, the implications that they wouldn't be enough moving into a marriage were. i never meant to make myself out to be some flashy dude who just robbed liberace and should be bowed down to. at all. every penny i've spent in my relationship i've spent happily and don't regret any of it. it wasn't just top ramen and netflix through this relationship (that was literally maybe 1 week in the entire year. the rest were sushi dinners ect that i either cooked myself or took her out to). i'd spend <cur>500 on us to go on vacations, <cur>200 in a week for drinks, movies, dinners, ect on a frequent basis. again i know this isn't a lot for some, but for me it was all i had available at this juncture. i was happy to be spending 80% of the cost of our relationship despite believing a 50/50 split was the most synergistic. because it simply felt good to. what i was unhappy about was being referred to as a money monger after doing so.
point being, i've garnered some insight from the harsh realities of unveiling intimate details of a relationship online. and i think we're both better for it. i can accept that i was an asshole by not making my ex partner feel secure in the financial aspect of a lifelong commitment with me, by being overbearing and by being an overseer. i think it's smart thinking to budget and penny pinch for a greater expenditure especially if that expenditure is shared experiences with the person you love. but the advice that i can reciprocate from what i received here is to show them they're the sole purpose of money management, not someone suffering at the brunt of it. thanks for reading our novella, and thanks even more for both sides input (even though some of you are kind of dickheads about making your point..you might have actually been the most helpful). cheers.
------
> im not pretending i know you. im telling what you are doing.
your previous comment:
> listen you want to blame someone for it not being exactly the same? cool. just don't lie to yourself and accept the irrationality of your thought process.
i don't even know why i should explain this.
''you want to blame the studio for not being exactly the same?''
when did i say this?is this *not* strawman argument,pretending you know me?if its not putting words into my mouth,i dont know what it is other than someone who needs to go off-topic due to a lack of arguments.
''accept your irrationale'' lol,this will tie in with another thing,so i'll come back to this later.
> ignoring half the fucking thing the man wrote just so you can hate an anime studio seems like lying to yourself.
again pretending i hate the studio?nice mate,continue like this and all i need to do in this '''''debate'''' is write down your own contradictions.
> isayama also went out of his way to ask for changes. something he did not do in seasons 1 and 2.
a lie,he asked for changes in the pacing in season 1,and while he wasnt found of filler content in episode 22 at first,he accepted it.
also in season 2 he said in the video interview he asked some changes,most probably referencing to ymir's flashback,but he also mentioned marco.those were 2 good changes the adaptation made,ymir flashback should've always been in the clash of titans arc,isayama probably postponed it for the end of rts due to not wanting to reveal some secrets early on,or maybe he wasnt sure he would go in that direction at the time,neverthless i'm not agaisnt change and those in season 2 were for the better.
> so what the hell are you saying? that he was only pretending to be disappointed?
he could very well be disappointed,nothing makes it so isayama would praise the anime to market it anywar,seeing most people atleast in the west werent found of the uprising arc to begin with,doesnt change the fact isayama is making the same '''''mistakes'''' in the current arc on the manga,for someone who complains so much about his past work,it sure is interesting how he's repeating them.
> so i listen and believe as to what he said but somehow i am the one thats making shit up? again you are welcome to create this whole conspiracy theory that isayama for whatever reason told us that he didnt like this arc, when he meant the opposite. just be honest to yourself, you are lying to yourself to hate on an anime studio.
this,plus your comment about my lack of rationale is amazing.
i'm using logic and facts.authors most of the time do not speak bad of their adaptation even if they think its bad,and i've already explained why.even if isayama doesnt think its bad,it doesnt mean he think the adaptation is ''fixing his work''.i gave proof on this,i'm using logic.
want more proof?characters such as the journalists coming back,the anime adaptation cut them short,so most of their dialogue now wont make sense.also the kid who throws rock at historia in the flashback was cut,when it turned out to be important now,so the anime will need to introduce him at last second now.
all the anime did right in the uprising so far was putting kenny on the cave fight,makes no sense why he wasnt there in the manga.
if its not unlikely to an author to lie so they can market their own product,it already happened time and time again,isayama can be no exception.
------
there's no evidence that russia even actually influence the election let alone colluded with trump to do it what's the evidence so far? they spent like < cur > 2, 000 on facebook ads? you do mean i spent < cur > 1000 on my own right? and thousands if not millions of trump supporters most likely paid for their own ads as well? and further investigation found that those supposed russians ran ads for both sides. it was discovered that they were really just selling off political influence cash rather about trying to influence the election so what else you got? rt? the spokesman of russian propaganda network rt is lee camp. a clear leftist who is not shy about his hatred of donald trump let's see what else? so far that's basically all they've got. so what we've got is no evidence that russia actually had any effect on the election or even attempted to have a major effect. and no evidence that trump colluded with russia to have an effect. we don't found any evidence that trump gave anything to them or that they gave anything to trump kind of the truth of what it would look like? however that doesn't mean there's no evidence of russian collusion we do have evidence of hillary clinton and her campaign purchasing russian propaganda in the form from a phony dossier from both the russian government and a british spy we didn't know that the russian propaganda that hillary paid russia for was used to try to influence the election and then to try to undermine the president of the united states. which may be considered treason anyway. sorry for all the investigating all we have is like hillary clinton clearly colluded with russia in order to influence the election and then to undermine the us government before you bring up any trump tower meetings literally nothing occurred at that meeting. there was nothing wrong with the meeting in the first place. since trump jr. was simply following up on a lead that hillary clinton may have done something illegal. but the meeting went nowhere anyway. trump jr. gave nothing to the lawyer and the lawyer gave nothing to trump jr. and before you bring up any arrests or indictments you'll have to conclude that literally no person who ever worked for trump was working for russian collusion. the closest you have is paul manafort who lobbied within the ukraine while working for democrat tony podesta long before he ever worked for trump trump so tldr no evidence that russia influenced the election for trump. no evidence of collusion by trump. lots of evidence of collusion by dems not to mention the massive collusion between democrats and major media outlets
------
it all began after the first month we started dating and i don't know why i didn't end things right then and there. while me was taming a shower, he looked through all of the photos on my laptop and yelled at me cause i still had photos of me and my ex. i didn't even remember, cause i don't look at those photos and i guess i got too lazy to delete them. also, i don't use that laptop so often since it's slow, soooo yeah, i wasn't being sentimental. i've always been a nosy person and i admit i stalked his wall, his exes, even his parents, but it was all public info. i've been alone with his laptop / phone etc. but i've only ever even thought about reading his private conversations. i wouldn't do that to anyone. he doesn't care, though. he memorized my ipad password and he read everything, including any really private posts here on reddit. he yelled at me and broke up with me. he occasionally lurks in my facebook account, because i'm dumb and i'm always like " no, he wouldn't do that again " but he always does. today i was logged on our shared laptop and i saw in my fb app that there was some activity going on 40 minutes ago while i was taking a shower. i looked the chrome history, but he had deleted everything. i lost it and i started crying and he had the audacity to blame me for his trust issues and said that there is something i'm hiding since i'm reacting this way. i tried to explain i have nothing to hide, but i's just horrible to feel uncomfortable at home. i can't even sleep properly anymore because i'm nervous if he'll decide to randomly read my messages. he scrolled maybe months of my fb searches which been really embarrassing and yelled at me again. he said i must be hiding something since i'm so jealous. just don't hide anything and i never gave him a reason not too trust me. once he dumped me and i grabbed a beer with an old friend and he found out, blamed me for cheating on someone and even complained to my mother. i go to therapy every week ( not only because of him, i have other issues ). there was this group session and i met a boy... has similar problems to mine and i felt that finally i'd have someone outside therapy to talk to. he's not my type and i didn't like him in a romantic way, i just felt we could be friends but my boyfriend found out we've talked once ( because he was snooping again ofc ) and again yelled at me. he said i was a cheater and that's why he had trust issues. i've always been faithful and i didn't deserve this. i changed all my passwords but i'm tired of feeling uncomfortable in my own home. he went out and told me i deserve this and he's right to invade my privacy and i have no right to be mad. i don't know what to do anymore. tl ; dr : boyfriend is invading my privacy and blames me for his trust issues update : thank you so much for the comments and support! i finally picked up some courage and ended this pathetic excuse of a relationship and you all helped me a lot! two days ago he came with his mother ( omg ) to collect his stuff and also took the laptop he gave me as present, which was pathetic. i'm feeling so much better now. thank you again for the support and messages! you're awesome.
------
>where again? i've never uttered the word.
in a conversation about a person being punched in the face and it being justified for being okay because they are a nazi... and the course of the discussion, then you saying "so is any antifa punch to you puss' faces." in response to stating that violence that is a response to violence is the only acceptance, particularly in the context of d-day. given the context of the conversation... you are trying to validate the attack or punch to faces to 'you puss' faces." again - i've said it could have been misread, likely due to the poor spelling or structure, and offer you the opportunity to correct your perceived stance. i offer you again to enlighten me to your meaning.
>i'm jewish.
i'm atheist. i'm glad that we have expressed these concepts that are completely irrelevant to the discussion.
>they're dogmatic doxosophers. and i'm not in favor of taking chances to convert one to sanity, while enabling others to recruit a thousand lost causes with falsehoods and propaganda, while dangering my people. especially in this internet day and age, when we are hyper-connected as if we were an ant colony.
then let's break this down to brass tacks. are you for the use of violence to silence people?
>unfortunately they aren't. their blind faith (not knowledge) is omnipotent. those guys not only blame their train wreck of personalities and terrible life choices on us, they'd blame us in a completely irrelevant matter, like falling down off a tricycle.
then your argument is weak. you don't argue to convince your debate partner, you argue to convince the people watching. if you are incapable of having this kind of charisma, then you are better served by letting those who are capable to do the talking. in the last 60 years, talking things out has been extremely useful. the only reason there are so many nazis today, is because the term nazi has become so overused that it can (and has) be used against anyone left of bernie sanders.
>let's also not kid ourselves by ignoring that the prepping types of them are counting days 'til their "day of the revolution" comes.
yeah, well lets pretend that the confederates aren't doing the same thing, and have earned just... so much ground on that. just because a few wackos are doomsday prepping, doesn't mean that there is a doomsday coming.
>so no, cut the humanitarian bullshit.
no. having principles is how you win this culture war. you want the violence against your people to end... well... initiating violence is not the path. promoting violence is not the behalf. excusing violence... is not the path.
------
>a build emerges from choosing a skill and doing everything you can in order to make that skill deal as much damage as possible.
i disagree. a build can also come from choosing several skills that you like/prefer.
>if you already chose a build, then you're not creating your own build, but merely copying what's already been created.
you create your own build by simply following a structure that makes sense and then choosing the skills that you prefer, so you are not copying a build from someone else...
>no. sets power do not come through their various +x% dmg increase but from their high synergy with skill. sets have high synergy with skills because when you create a build you purposely choose the set that has the best synergy with the skill. not the other way around.
and still a skill is not a build.
this here is a build that would (and should) be perfectly viable if items would just enhance builds (with more generic effects instead of the more specific bonuses like skill x deals 800% increased damage etc) and not determine your build like it currently happens in d3:
electrocute
disintegrate
frost nova
diamond skin
energy armor
slow time
dmo? no, it does not buff disintegrate.
vyr's? doesn't use archon.
firebird? doesn't have 3 fire skills
tals? does not have 4 different elements.
>it's not firebird x40 multiplier that makes arcane meteor so powerful. remove x40, you lose what 20 levels ?
you say that a 4000% gap in power is nothing, but i call it absolutely insane. i mean, wouldn't it be more than enough if a build is 100% more stronger than another build? that would be x2 more powerful, which already is a lot. so why does it have to 40 times or 100 times stronger? that is just insane and absolutely unnecessary.
>again, if you think removing item and set multipliers would make the game more balanced, that's not true. look at 2 skills in a vacuum : sweep attack and shield bash. both have ~500 %wd. both attack in front of you. both are intended to be damage dealing skills, with a somewhat aoe oriented goal. both cost wrath. however, sa costs 20 while sb costs 30 ; sa has a 18y (+ 180deg) range , while sb has a 10y (90deg) range. why would you ever choose to play sb over sa, if it wasn't for item multipliers ? granted, sb is one of the worse skill in the game even with its supporting multipliers, but still.
removing the massively inflated multipliers is one step, the next step would be to balance skills accordingly.
but you should know that just because currently one skill might be better than another, that this can change by simply adjusting some numbers? it is also significantly easier to balance all skills at their base against each other than trying to balance all skills and items to be evenly powerful while legendaries are balanced around sets.
besides that, sb also deals additional damage based on your shield in addition to the weapon damage multiplier.
>lon bomb crusader does not rely on any legendary item multiplier, and yet is the second (maybe third) best lon build in the game. actually, its supporting items are so bad (/non-existant) that when i used to play it (back in s5), my friends and i renamed it trash-sader, because only trash items were used for the build. hexing pants - trash. homing pads - trash. st. archew gloves - trash. my friend would drop the worst items you could think of, tell me "again this [garbage]" and my immediate reaction was "maybe it's an upgrade for me". i finished the season with taskers&theos equipped for a rank 500-ish clear.
i never played this build and therefore i have no idea about the mechanics behind it, but one explanation could probably be that the base version of the skill is just too strong or it is too strong in combination with a certain synergy that involves stuff like a massively inflated amount of cdr (i also consider some of the cdr multipliers to be too massive and inflated, aka 65% cdr to vengeance on dawn), so what maybe needs to happen is that the base skill needs a nerf or the build involves other insane multipliers, but i don't know.
>you say that but have no proof. remove set & item multipliers. what happens ? exactly the same as right now, except the balance that having 1500% multiplier on akkhan vs 4000% on firebird dispears, and condemn is therefor 2.5 times stronger than meteor wiz. did it bring diversity ? no ? i don't see how at least.
as i said above, removing the multipliers is just one step towards more build diversity. balance at the base level of skills is also required.
>again, if any such skill combination was competitive, you could just pick blindly whatever and call it a day.
no, you could not "blindly pick whatever you want", you actually had to take into account that your combination of skills makes sense, but i already explained that....
>"ok so i'll pick this main skill. then i'll pick a generator (whatever, it doesn't matter). then i'll pick 3-4 buffs (whatever, it doesn't matter). ok, my build is done. how long did it take ? idk, like 30s.". next thing you know : "d3 is too shallow, please give us more thought-provoking choices to make". if everything works, any choice is meaningless, because choosing something else would have worked just as well.
haha, lol, a very shallow description of what i actually talk about...
what you describe is just the basic setup. what you do after this is to farm your items and that is where the more theorycrafting and more meaningful choices come in.
if legendaries for example would actually have more generic effects, and there would be several best-in-slot options of items for every build in every slot, then you actually had to make the decision if you pick for example the bis item that is more offensive, or you pick the bis item that is more defensive or the bis item that is more balanced in the middle or the bis that has a powerful effect or another offensively oriented bis item that is offensive in a completely different way that the first one... etc. etc. etc. and you had to make that choice for every single slot...
... and that in combination with being able to create your own build is significantly more deep, complex, interesting and meaningful than what you advocate for.
------
you can see the original post here < url > it's a bit of a read just to warn you. anyways, here we are 2 months later. i'm rather drunk right now so please forgive any grammar issues. so things haven't exactly worked out for my ( soon to be ex ) wife. the guy she left me for ended up dumping her right where she was supposed to move across the country to be with him. i didn't know this happened until weeks later, when the guy she was fucking that night decided it would be super sweet to start texting me about how he has read all my text messages i've sent her, and how they are a really good laugh out of seeing my pain, it just tinkles them pink. he then tells me i can ask him everything i need to know about why she left me since he knows everything apparently. i didn't response and promptly blocked his and her numbers. she called me 17 fucking times ( she blocked her caller number so she could call and it just would say called it only ) in ten minutes. left me a voicemail saying how sorry she was and she really wanted me to unblock her number and call her. stupidly i did, and he answered and they both laughed. i'm 34 fuckin years old, this is some 8th grade bullshit, and i'm just too old for this shit ( riggs ) i didn't talk or respond to anything she had said for weeks after that, then last saturday she calls me at 7am, shit face plastered. why the fuck my dumbass answered i'll never know, i guess the pathetic bastard in me is still hoping for that " i'm sorry i fucked up, i want to work this out " phone call, not to actually work things out ( we're beyond that now ) but just for the validation of it. anyway, so i answer and she begins to tell me all about her " new life " apparently now she is a " bitch " to him and " tells it like it is " this is a total turn around from the sweetest woman i've ever known, the one who never had anything bad to say about anyone or anything, the bitch who would so rarely cuss that it would always surprise me when she did. now she cusses like a sailor, it almost hard to listen too. so she goes on to tell me how shes " finding herself " now, and it turns out shes super kinky and does stuff i never got to do with her, with random guys now. she's also been in a 3some now with two guys and wants to bump it up to a 4some with three guys. she goes out to the bars all the time, she even makes the 3 hour drive to the city i am living in now to go out to the bars ( its the nearest big city to our home town. ) she had to make sure to tell me how exciting it all is and how going out to bars and hooking up with random guys is the greatest thing shes ever done in her life. she also enjoys going to strip clubs now to get lap dances from women. she is even thinking about starting a porn hub account to post porn to. she goes to work drunk now, she drives drunk now, she has leaned even harder into her eating disorder ( eats a protein bar every other day ) she has gone and got a huge tattoo on her shoulder and neck ( she always hated tattoos, she use to make fun of girls with big ones, and she hates needles ) she even bribes sales clerks to sell her liquor after they're legally not allowed to sale it anymore ( after certain hour of night. ) she is now going to move across the country ( again ) this time to a new state for a " fresh start " and she admitted that she lies to everyone about me and her, if they ask she acts like we're still together and says i'm doing good and all that, she said she does this because she doesn't want to be " judged " by people. she's even cut off all contact with her family who she's always been extremely close with this all fucking sucks, hell i almost wish she would have got to move with the new guy and have a storybook life with him, i was afraid of that outcome before, but fuck i didn't want her to live this kind of life. i am now so worried about her, i am so worried she's going to completely ruin her life or kill someone else drunk driving, i'm worried about her physical and mental health. i feel like she is having a huge mental break down but she sees it all as super liberating and is adamant that she's never been happier. oh another kicker, she now lives with the couple in the house directly next to the one we spent the last ten years together in. she literally sleeps 40 feet from the bed we've made love in thousands of times. none of this phases her and none of it makes her miss me according to her, meanwhile i can't even bare to go to my hometown because the memories are just too much to bare. on my end of things, well somethings are going pretty good, i continue to lose weight, had a friend even buy me a year membership at a gym about 2 minutes from my new place. i'm doing pretty damn good in nursing school, i honestly think i'm doing well because studying and homework and whatnot is my only escape from my non - stop mental anguish. we just had our midterms and i actually tied with one other guy for highest score in class ( 96 % ) i wish i could say doing well is making me feel better, but its not. everyday i miss my wife, or at least the woman she was, every morning i wake up and just ache from the pain of her not being next to me anymore, every night i struggle to get to sleep because she's all that occupies my mind. i couldn't get back together with her now because of all shes said and done but i still miss her for some unknown stupid reason i can't figure out. i still deal with thoughts of suicide and all that but they are getting a lot less frequent at least ( don't worry i love my family and friends too much to do that to them ) anyways i'm not sure what else to say. i hate the way she's living, i hate my life without her and i am pretty fuckin miserable 24 / 7 i wish this god damn pain would just pass already. i am so ready to move on to whatever the next stage of this process is. i am so ready to not be so god damn depressed everyday.
------
# [UNK] # 7 # [UNK] # [UNK] # [UNK] # 2 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa # [UNK] # [UNK] # 1 # [UNK] # [UNK] # [UNK] aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa [UNK]  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa # [UNK] # [UNK] # [UNK] # 10 # 0 # [UNK] aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa   aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa # [UNK] # [UNK] # 1 # [UNK] # [UNK] # [UNK] aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ##aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa [UNK] aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
------
there's a whole heap there that i won't respond directly. > but it strikes me how when i mention indoctrination to many christians here, they deny being raised that way because nothing defeats the reason of why you bring up the topic of indoctrination. you's using an ad - hominem attack, plain and square - " don't listen to this guy! he's indoctrinated! ". when i point in that this isn't the case, it means that you need to start focussing on the arguments being presented. if you're so confident in your position, you should proceed without the ad hominem remarks. > it means that the less mundane claims, especially world view altering claims, should have more better evidence. i woke up at 5am today. do you believe it? * insert photo of an alarm clock showing 5am *. here's a picture. do you believe me? it's a silly saying. all claims require evidence. without a clear definition of " extraordinary evidence " means, i'll just say " we need good evidence to believe anything ". > before you try to convince me that a god spoke to someone, you may want to figure out how to convince me that a god exists. okay, so your answer is you don't actually care about the historicity of the bible, or the historicity of the people, because any part speaking about god is immediately disqualified from being true? is that your position? > where's your evidence that christianity is true? best i can tell, it's just a bunch of stories in some books. then it haven't looked super hard. the evidence for christianity is the absolute backing on the nt accounts of jesus. it all hinges upon them. to the best of my knowledge, hinduism doesn't make too many claims about history. and i never said we should accept something until we see it made up. you're 97 % twisting what i said. i responded to you about what would convince me that it wasn't true. pretty standard answer. also, the bones of jesus would be another thing. > if you were concerned with the truth, you'd dump the faith, now look for evidence. we can believe anything on faith, can't are? in order to investigate critical issues, i need to abandon my christian faith before looking? that's silly. that's like asking you to abandon your atheism before talking to me about the gospel and our lord and saviour jesus christ. > well for starters, genesis has the order of creation wrong has the order of creation wrong compared to what? science? do you think genesis 1 is intended to be a scientific account? > so does christianity. only someone indoctrinated would overlook that for their religion. special pleading fallacy? you've yet to make you case on this. let's go point by point.
------
okay, so obligatory 'this wasn't actually today' disclaimer, but this did happen on saturday. however, because my boyfriend actively uses reddit and will most likely see this, i figured i'd do the respectful thing and wait two days before i posted this super flattering story.
some important details to keep in mind:
1. my boyfriend is deathly allergic to peanuts and has been since he was just a wee child.
2. i'm a dumbass.
so, this past weekend marked our one-year anniversary, which is a huge feat in and of itself given detail #2 spelled out above. to celebrate, we decided to go out for a super fancy dinner -- the ol' og olive garden.
being a fourth-year student at university, i've gotten very used to not wearing makeup, but i decided to go all out for our anniversary dinner. i even went out and bought a lip-plumping gloss so my bf could pretend he was dating a kardashian for the day instead of plain old u/kate-plus-self-hate. supposedly, the gloss works by searing your lips until they are huge, red, numb, and possibly burned to the first degree -- needless to say, it was unpleasant to use but i still thought it was worth it.
fast forward to my boyfriend picking me up and us detouring to an empty parking lot for a quick-ish makeout sesh. an hour later, we arrived at olive garden and started in on the unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks. we're maybe 15 minutes into dinner, and my bf starts complaining that his lips are tingling and that he feels kind of funny. i think nothing of it at first, but as we keep eating, he says the feeling was getting more intense and was spreading to his neck, abdomen, and *nervous glance* his nether regions.
my first thought was that he was hamming things up, but after a few minutes i could tell he wasn't faking anything. my next logical thought was that our food had come in contact with peanuts and that he was starting to have an allergic reaction. he agreed because he couldn't think of any other reason he would be experiencing the symptoms that he was.
at this point, i'm starting to freak out -- i don't want to be responsible for killing the only human who voluntarily spends time with me -- so i take my bf's keys and race out to his car. i knew he kept an emergency epipen in his glove box, so i fished that out, ran back into the restaurant, and jammed that fucker into his thigh.
fast forwarding one more time, i flagged down our waiter to pay for our check, rushed my bf back out to his car, and drove like a maniac to the closest open urgent care facility. the practitioner there ran tests for his white blood cell counts and all of that fun shit, after which she told him that he's just fine and that none of their tests came back that he was having an allergic reaction. she asked him if he had come into contact with anything that might have been irritating his skin...
...and that's when my last two functioning brain cells decided to start working. the whole thing was my fault. the only possible explanation for the whole ordeal was that i got my probably-fda-rejected lip plumping gloss all over my boyfriend's body.
my bf was less than enthused when we got home and i told him what i thought had happened. in fact, he made me throw the gloss out immediately. a few hours later, he (and my own lips) went back to normal, but at least this makes for an anniversary we won't forget...
tl;dr: i mistook my getting lip plumping gloss all over my boyfriend for him dying from a peanut allergy.
------
> it is up to us to examine god's work on earth. which [ god ] ( < url > ). please pick your version from the list. and if that deity has an associated text please be specific on which on you are associating with your faith. > you seem very distant and depressed,... and what human being isn'l. welcome to planet earth. you're describing the human condition. its an effect of being sentient. we're aware of everything. > and misguided in your understanding of religion. religion is mythos. it is not fact. there is nobody coming to save you. there is nobody being sorry for you. there is only you. believing in heaven / hell / afterlife is non nonsensical. nobody that has been dead has ever returned to life. in the totality of human existence. since that first proto human stood up. there have been about 11 billion of us. if you believe in the christian faiths ( christianity has something like 400 recognized versions )... jesus was the only person out of 11, 000, 000, 000 humans to ever wake from the dead and then walkabout. 11, 000, 000, 000 to 1 odds? winning the power - ball is only about 400, 000, 000 - 1. if you're referring to the canon of chritianity as an accurate model of history and life contained. its a very poor model for history. its rife with inaccuracy. its timeline is very skewed. it contains references to beings / deities / giants / burning bushes, talking donkeys / planetary objects and alternate dimensions where a mysterious energy that resides in you transfers to when you die. it just sounds silly when you lay it all out. yet, people will read a harry potter book that describes the same actions and perfectly accept that magic is not real. > the idea of god is about fighting internal battles > to better oneself which in turn betters society on the whole. wrong. the idea of god was about control. maybe there was first entertainment in the dark cold desert nights. then someone started telling somebody that he was talking to a mysterious spirit he called [ yahweh ] ( < url > ) and god told him the story of flood. since these early bronze age people did not even have the idea of where the sun went at night. nor really reasoning for why the earth would suddenly move. they assigned those values to beings far stronger than they were. but those deities as they were to become, always had one trait. they were human - like. why, because that's all these uneducated desert dwellers could comprehend. > god did not rape a child at all. mary was > approximately 15 years old, which until recent > years was actually seen as a viable age for > marriage in traditionalist countries in europe. so, what you're telling me is. god came down, met with marys parents. said hey, i'm the dude and i wanna hook up with your daughter. uhm, no i'm not gonna marry her. and yeah, she'll bear a child. oh no, i'm not paying child support either. he's got a great future about him, he's gonna grow up in a world that is full of disease and extreme poverty. and when you grandson gets old enough i'm gonna torture and murder him in front of everyone and you're going to thank me everyday of the rest of your life for his torture and execution. and if you don't. i'm gonna fuck you up in this life and the next. wow. ( ps, i love you god ) my unknown human. that is a fucked up relationship. > your example is pretty terrible and unfounded to > say the least. again, if your religion is christianity. have you actually read the book? [ gods bodycount ] ( < url > ) lets talk terrible examples. god killed how many? tortured job for what? being a good person? tortured and murdered his own son. murdered the world. advocated rape, genocide and slavery. and you defend all of this and ask for more. ( edit note - long write, fixed some flow )
------
i dont imagine there was too much we didnt already know from threads in the past, but it was nice to have it as a refresher and in an easily accessible medium.
- rebecca apparently came off as very calculated and ever so slightly disingenuous around the other queens, but how much is "fake" and how much is "shy" is difficult to say
- ongina left for a few hours after the mini challenge for viva glam to go to a court hearing (and is firm on not saying why) and got to have 20 minutes on the commercial
- people would sneak out at night to hang together all the time. pas used to float outside the hall to get them food like tacos if they needed it.
- tammie confirmed she did 2 takes of break the dawn, cause the first time she stood in place not even dancing. she still stands by her decision that she didnt like the song and simply didn't feel like jumping through hoops for their entertainment. (though she does still love ru, but just doesn't see her as above other queens.)
- ongina thinks rebecca is working in retail again- not that theres anything wrong with that!
- shannel loved being on the show, confirmed again the headpiece falling off was on purpose.
- shannel had a different outfit planned that was purple with big long sleeves for viva glams runway, but couldnt juggle with them on and it was scary tense backstage so she changed last minute.
- michelle williams called akashia "a messy man."
- porkchop was pushing as2 so hard online and on twitter cause she was told she might get a chance to be in it, and was apparently really crushed not to get invited.
- dunno if this is even t at this point, but big names like chad's family all turned down the show. ongina did too on the first time they had a "minion" talk to her, but after a week of following her around she gave in and made a 30 minute long tape (it had to be 10 minutes but she couldn't edit the tape so she said lmao shrug)
- the show originally was gonna be drag queens and their judys, and everyone auditioned with their best friend who would be an assistant. at the last minute they said "no we just want drag queens" which left girls like porkchop screwed on stuff like sewing.
- willam read michelles book and reminded us all that ru didn't speak to michelle for 2 years cause he was upset she didn't drop everything and be on drag race season 1 even though she contractually couldn't. (not that willam is trying to judge)
--unrelated to season 1:
- ru told the cast of s4 off camera "keep your fucking wigs and shoes on!!!"
- michelle pointed to willam in episode 2 as an example others should look to be, cause she didnt take off her shoes after 4 hours or adjust her posture. a few days later she got read by the same judges for this exact thing cause it was "robotic" and creepy
- shannel thanked willam & alaska over the phone for showing drag queens dont have to be pretty and willam was gagged by the shade
- santino is bothered lol
------
this is from the second article:
"at some level, everyone in the weight loss business is selling the prospect of personal transformation. herbalife, though, is doubly in the transformation business. it sells the prospect of bodily metamorphosis to its customers--and it sells the prospect of financial ascent to its salesforce."
to your points:
1) if you're looking for an exact prosperity gospel example that is not couched in a religious collect but reflects exactly what you see in religion, well then yeah... it's not going to be exactly the same. the same concept when applied to a different sector of human endeavors will necessarily behave a little differently. the methodology has to fit the mechanics.
2) lobbying companies make plenty of money and make asking for public money one of their goals, despite asking for that money for someone else. but their success in that matter is what gets them more money so they're only one step removed. but, they're not a good example of the prosperity gospel outside of religion anyway, just one in which unchecked greed erodes public faith in institutions that were originally built to work for the masses, not on top of them... not unlike the role a religion plays when employing the prosperity gospel upon its flock.
3) i'm not here to talk you into religion. i don't care what you do with respect to church or god. if there's a god, then she/he is up, or out, there without your condolences and approval anyway. and if there isn't then there isn't. it doesn't matter.
4) with respect to the well earned anger for people who should protect their constituents i see politicians being every bit and more corrupt than people like joel osteen. joel and his ilk don't drive the ship of government legislation ostensibly in support of "the people" while catering to strictly partisan lines and/or moneyed interests. mitch mcconnell is a fucking horrible person and for his worldly corruption it happily put him in jail. luckily though, even if it's very difficult, we can vote out arseholes like mcconnell because a mechanic is in place for that - even if his party's open gerrymandering will soon make that practically impossible.
i guess the reason i bring this up is that there is real corruption happening and it's not just affecting poor shills who watch television to find salvation. it's happening now, and you can read about it everyday in the news. so please, diatribe aside, go vote.
5) televangelists do sell a product! it's a ridiculously important set of products as well that keep this greed train going. do an amazon search for books by joel osteen... it's okay, i'll wait. joel was selling himself on the concert if almost every one of his books. joel is what you can achieve if only you believe hard enough in his teachings. "you, you do deserve wealth! yes, you do! why don't you have it?! you don't have enough faith! believe in yourself more. here... buy my books to learn how. not working, buy a calendar with daily devotionals. "
speaking of belief... now look up books by richard devos, founder of amway... again, i'll wait. i don't mind...
did you find it, the book titled "believe!"
fundamentally, the two are selling the same thing, "believe in yourself and you'll be rich. how do i know? look at me, i'm rich. want to learn how to be rich, just do what i say... in these books that i'm now selling, for a profit."
belief in yourself is the key to health and wealth, and if you're not healthy and wealthy there something that you're missing or haven't done enough.
how about this user review from a devos book:
"there are lots of wealthy people out there but most aren't truly happy. this is largely because they aren't fulfilling a higher purpose with their businesses... devos claims that integrating compassion for your fellow man *with lucrative opportunities* is the real secret to security and happiness. it's the knowledge that what you're doing is making a difference that makes you feel worthy of the privilege and comfort of wealth. and even before the wealth comes, having a compassionate attitude along with sound business acumen (*which can be learned* [by buying his books]) goes a long way towards increasing your chances of attaining wealth and influence."
<url>
<url>
------
> i mean what are we supposed to do? that bible isnt a scientific journal, or study or even an original unedited work. the book itself was been cherry picked from a vast library of christian and jewish works. regardless of how you see the bible, it presents itself as an interpretation of gods message. well... for one.. either noah had two of every animal or he didn't. you can't say... yeah well that's allegory. i was taught that noah literally happened as written. so you're right. as science disproves all this stuff.. the apologists move the goal regardless of what is supposedly literal and allegory. my point is simply that this happens and it shouldn't. if you're the infallible creator of the entire universe, why make your work fallible and cryptic and hard to understand. you should obviously know that once people figure out science they will know it doesn't add any to the 6, 000 year timeline the bible has. it's almost as though the bible was written by humans to control other humans.. and not inspired by an omniscient being that can see the future.. > dont you mean that if you were told that spirits made people sick, but not observed with your own eyes a virus, that you would mistake personal observation for the truth? well... yeah.. it's almost like learning science and then realizing that it doesn't match the bible. this is why i trust science. look... if you took every religious book on this earth and burned them.. in 1, 000 years none of that shit would come back. no jesus. no muhammad.. no holy spirit.. none of it. take every science book and burn it and those laws will be rediscovered through the scientific process. yeah.. it'll take awhile but society to get there again. the laws of science will be rediscovered. religion would simply be forgotten. > maybe you are right, there are people who know this, there isnt a biblical reference to explain this. psalm 139 15 - 16 15my frame was not hidden from you when i was made in the secret place, when i was woven together in the depths of the earth. 16your eyes saw my unformed body ; all the days ordained for me were written in your book before one of them came to be. this details and has been used as'gods plan'before. if god wrote everything about you in his book... he has a plan. or it's been interpreted that way anyway. it's all up for interpretation. and that's another shit thing. everyone reads it differently or takes it differently. this is why we have tons of different branches of christianity. not all of them are right. > this is cherry picking from the entire christian faith. these people want comfort and are willing to forgo actual christian dogma to get it. i gave you a verse.. this is more than you've given me at this point. > you get lost between'christianity is bad and manipulative'and'christians are bad and manipulative '. never did i say anything about christianity is bad or manipulative or christians. christians at least aren't killing people anymore, so that's good. religion in itself is quite manipulative though now that you mention it. it literally gives you orders on how to live and you damn sure better love jesus or you burn in hell!!! but god loves you!!! that's the epitome of manipulation. that's every abusive relationship ever. i punish you because i love you. love me or else. > however, that is just what i think about my faith, and what i gather from your response. i don't pretend to speak for the god of the bible, the bible, christians, or you. of course you don't speak for whatever. just like i don't speak for all atheists. i speak for myself and this is reddit. i can only speak for myself as can anyone else. anyone claiming to speak for god or someone else you should be skeptical. even though this was welcomed back in biblical days. * oh wow!!! god spoke to you!! * turned into * oh shit... you're hearing voices and you think it's god we need to lock you up for awhile.. *
------
i'm also 100 % the kind of person who tends towards solitude. i used to tell my husband all the time that i simply have close to zero social drive. only feel driven to spend time with one people, that's it. i never feel lonely, and i have always felt content with my life independent of the size of my social circle. it's like if people were food, i could eat the same thing every day and i get no joy out of eating other food, because i don't seek it out. seeking it out is a lot of work. here is the danger in resigning yourself to the smallest social network possible : you don't realize what you need other people for until something catastrophic happens. my husband died two months ago and when he died, i wanted to work too. i wanted to be alone and i wanted to quit. my hobbies and my interests remained dear to me. the only thing that mattered to me was my husband, and he was gone. but we had just had a baby boy, and i was the only individual who mattered to him. i was in a psych ed group recently and they had a class about social support. there was a short perceived social support questionnaire that listed categories like : " acceptance " " affection " " companionship " " partner for activities " " new ideas " " helping with tasks " " guidance " and stuff like that. then a space to name the person in your life who you go to for each, and a space to note if you're satisfied in that category or need more support, etc. my list was so empty, because i would have written my husband's name under every single category. i didn't even know that he fulfilled all of those specific things in my life. but in any case, he was dead. i realized that my ideas of what i " need " people for was so shallow, and when i actually needed one, i did not know who to go to. not because they don't exist, but because i never identified them and never cultivated those relationships. and selfishly, i never realized that i'm supposed to fulfill these roles for other people too, but i withheld myself because it was " hard work ". you delude yourself into believing that you don't need these things in order to live a full life, or that you alone can provide all of this for yourself. i think that most people will read the quote in the title and think about it in terms of socialization as in, just talking to others or " having friends ". i am sure that when jim carrey said it, he was talking about the danger of solitude in the face of darkness in your life, whether it is mental illness or the hopelessness that comes with tragedy. the only sure thing in life is tragedy. social support is the only thing that can create hope out of nothing.
------
and why should instagram not add an intent on android for the same feature? oh, wait, just forget my previous comment entirely - they already support intents! < url > > if your application creates photos or videos and you would like your users to share them using instagram, you can use android intents to open your media in instagram's sharing flow. > the examples below create an implicit intent which will then prompt the user to select the application they wish to send the media to. when triggered, instagram will immediately hit the user with the crop screen. above intents, your app can also define a specific app to send it to ( sharing directly to instagram ), so that the user don't need to select a target app. so you can make them take a photo via another app, then hand it to instagram, then use autoinput to confirm sharing and uploading it. and autovoice can let you trigger it by voice command. > i doubt tasker would be able to automatically upload your most recently modified photo from your photos library, for now. hah. especially if you mean photo library on the phone's file system, that's absolutely trivial. and it can be done with your interaction being necessary. in fact, it can start an upload when you connect your phone to wifi while on desktop if that's what you wish. > unlike shortcuts, which can find a particular photo ( like most recently modified ) through certain filters rotflol. tasker can run python, bash scripts, or even ask other apps to process the data. you can have a machine learning app tell tasker which photos contain value, and then upload those automatically. tasker is the " conductor ", " project manager ", " coordinator ", or whatever you want to call it. it supports turing machine logic and endlessly nested logic if necessary. it can send data back and forth between other apps for processing, supports loops and conditionals, and has variables and a lot more. > and pass that output to instagram which then handles that output, tasker would be unable to do it. see above, they support intents. > there's no option in instagrams normal interface to automatically select your most recently modified photo, that's only something shortcuts can do by passing a filtered output directly to instagram. normal interface, lol. intents are api ##s, application programming interfaces. they're silent and seamless ways for apps to talk. and instagram makes it easy, it just asks the user to confirm once it's been sent a photo via the intent. and autoinput can handle even that.
------
>i mean what are we supposed to do? the bible isnt a scientific journal, or study or even an original unedited work. the book itself has been cherry picked from a vast library of christian and jewish works. regardless of how you see the bible, it presents itself as an interpretation of gods message.
well... for one.. either noah had two of every animal or he didn't. you can't say... yeah well that's allegory. i was taught that noah literally happened as written.
so you're right. as science disproves all this stuff.. the apologists move the goal posts of what is supposedly literal and allegory. my point is simply that this happens and it shouldn't.
if you're the infallible creator of the entire universe, why make your work fallible and cryptic and hard to understand. you should obviously know that once people figure out science they will know it doesn't add up to the 6,000 year timeline the bible has.
it's almost as though the bible was written by humans to control other humans.. and not inspired by an omniscient being that can see the future ..
>dont you agree that if you were told that spirits made people sick, but actually observed with your own eyes a virus, that you would take personal observation for the truth?
well... yeah.. it's almost like learning science and then realizing that it doesn't match the bible. this is why i trust science.
look... if you took every religious book on this earth and burned them.. in 1,000 years none of that shit would come back. no jesus. no muhammad.. no holy spirit.. none of it.
take every science book and burn it and those laws will be rediscovered through the scientific process. yeah.. it'll take awhile but society will get there again. the laws of science will be rediscovered. religion would simply be forgotten.
>while you are right, there are people who believe this, there isnt a biblical reference to explain this.
psalm 139 15-16
15my frame was not hidden from you
when i was made in the secret place,
when i was woven together in the depths of the earth.
16your eyes saw my unformed body;
all the days ordained for me were written in your book
before one of them came to be.
this details and has been used as 'gods plan' before. if god wrote everything about you in his book... he has a plan. or it's been interpreted that way anyway.
it's all up for interpretation. and that's another shit thing. everyone reads it differently or takes it differently. this is why we have tons of different branches of christianity. not all of them are right.
>this is cherry picking from the entire christian faith. these people want comfort and are willing to forgo actual christian dogma to get it.
i gave you a verse.. this is more than you've given me at this point.
>you get lost between 'christianity is bad and manipulative' and 'christians are bad and manipulative'.
never did i say anything about christianity is bad or manipulative or christians. christians at least aren't killing people anymore, so that's good. religion in itself is quite manipulative though now that you mention it. it literally gives you orders on how to live and you damn sure better love jesus or you burn in hell!!! but god loves you!!!
that's the epitome of manipulation. that's every abusive relationship ever. i punish you because i love you. love me or else.
>however, that is just what i think about my faith, and what i gather from your response. i don't pretend to speak for the god of the bible, the bible, christians, or you.
of course you don't speak for whatever. just like i don't speak for all atheists. i speak for myself and this is reddit. i can only speak for myself as can anyone else. anyone claiming to speak for god or someone else you should be skeptical.
even though this was welcomed back in biblical days. *oh wow!!! god spoke to you!!*
turned into
*oh shit... you're hearing voices and you think it's god we need to lock you up for awhile..*
------
> okay, fine.. if we want to make exceptions and move the goal posts..
i'm not making exceptions. i guess technically its moving the goal posts, but i don't see how setting the goal to be "literally the most popular thing" is reasonable.
> who said god of war was a failure? you are literally the only one in this thread that used the words "failure" to describe (or not describe) gow.
ea said cancelling the star wars game was an "economic decision," and that:
"as we kept reviewing the game, it continued to look like a much more linear game [which] people don't like as much today as they did five years ago or ten years ago."
translating here, they said that single player games aren't economically viable. again, a single player game is the best selling game of the year so far. i'm just saying they're absolutely still economically viable. the problem is with ea and their dogshit games. not with the market moving away from single player titles. they just want to put forth the minimum possible effort. buy a big license, slap together some shitty half-assed game, and then sell it and corresponding microtransactions because people will buy something based off the license.
> has ea actually released anything new this year yet?
ea brought in <cur>5 billion in revenue in 2017. i don't consider not releasing anything at all until september to somehow be a "win" based off of that.
> actually, madden 19 released last month and is breaking records within the franchise.
it broke a "digital sales record" for the franchise because digital sales rose by 7%. they declined to release official sales numbers, but vgchartz has them estimated at about 1.1m copies so far between both the ps4 and xb1 versions. god of war did 3.1(?)m in one month, and its on one platform and not 2. looks like madden 18 sold about 2.8m copies on ps4 total, and the xb1 presumably did less. its safe to say that god of war outsold last years madden, and probably this year's too.
> point is not that god of war is.. bad or a failure like you're implying we're saying.. the point is multiplayer games make way more money than single player games and have larger install bases. this is what ea said. this is not untrue.
no, the point is that ea acted as if it was somehow financially unviable to make and release single player games, which is completely untrue. they're a dogshit company that is repeatedly doubling down on predatory business practices. they are releasing fewer video games each year, despite laying off employees and making more money year after year after year. they're looking for a scapegoat for their own failures. don't give them one.
------
> i'm going to be a minority in this country, before i'm old enough to retire, according to democrats, mind you. and maybe i wouldn't care when it wasn't happening to all white countries too, including our indigenous homelands. still a large plurality are the size of the next largest racial group, not that i think it's a huge deal either way. > and if i didn't feel like we're already being treated horribly or like second - class citizens in some way, even at our current demographic representation. look, maybe people say some shit about you sometimes. that happens to every race, why would you even want to get involved? affirmative action is a problem, but there's a place for it as well. i'd have to write a few paragraphs to actually do justice to my thoughts on the subject. looking at other races, however, there are laws and policies that have historically targeted them directly. more recently, we've seen loose lending standards for arms and stop & frisk. > it's not fair that saying i'm proud in my own skin were defined as " hate speech ", while any other race or ethnic group, gays, women, etc. and the same thing is celebrated and considered a morally just thing. honestly, white people get all kinds of shit. columbus day, st. patrick's day, casimir pulaski day... where i know there are private clubs, churches, and bars that cater to polish, irish, italian, etc. folks. that's fine. american blacks often group based solely around their skin color because their specific heritage was robbed from them ( minus more recent african immigrants ). > was it racist when these ancestors opened the borders with the hart - celler act? that was long before i was born. i don't want to get into the minutia of what happened decades or centuries ago. i don't blame you for bad things your ancestors did, neither do i think you deserve any credit for the good things. i simply think, at this point in history, the american people, regardless of skin color, need to come together and take positive action to combat the inequities that continue or exist. we've already done a lot through civil rights and great society legislation. that's why i said above, i don't support the dismantling the progressive policy without an alternative. that doesn't mean i support all those programs ; i don't, i think they need to be reformed or replaced with less paternalistic, higher - level, market - based policies. > that's really all i needed to hear. trying to accuse me of being some kind of nazi murderer simply because i compared two ethnocentric slogans is dishonest and deceitful aa fuck. black lives matter is not a racist slogan. maybe some people involved in the movement are, but the slogan itself wasn't created by a literal racist terrorist. deceitful is ignoring that context. > i don't think i use it in contexts that would indicate a hatred of all jews. that's stupid. someone's ethnicity / religion has nothing to do with anything. the only reason to use echos is if you're trying to draw a connection between jews and something you perceive as negative. > parentheses are nazi shit, along with sad frog memes and hand gestures? no, just the 14 words and echos. pepe is just dumb, post - modern, american politics, and i don't even know that that's an actual hand gesture. > it's why i try to specify that i disagree with colin kaepernick's message, in particular, since i kind of cringe whenever i hear boomercons talk about " respect the flag, muh troops ", etc. and, obviously, i don't disagree with his message because i support cops murdering children, or something. we haven't even addressed kaepernick, really. your pointless, racist interjections are intentionally distracting. you're just trying to bait lefties into getting worked up and saying stupid shit. despite the 14 words and echo shit, i believe that you, personally don't buy into actual racist ideology. you're consistently more thoughtful and clearly more knowledgeable than your typical stormfront inbred. but, you want people to call you racist, because you can then dismiss their arguments and look like you came out on top. someone less persistent than i would just get frustrated and give up.
------
this occurred on tuesday but i read that sex related tifu are for weekends. i'm a regular blood donor and i also keep fit. no diabetes, regular blood pressure so am generally in okay health. went to the blood bank to drop my quarterly 500cc of blood. usually i hydrate real well and have a decent meal after to help replenish. but that sunday, i got a call from work ( i drop by in my lunch break ) and had the rush back. so rather than a sit down meal with lots of fat and protein i grab a glazed donut and whatever came in a bottle to go. they didn't have water so i grabbed like so soda like thing, i dont even mind, anyhoo it was laden with sugar. immediately i felt the buzz of the sugar high. so for the rest of the day i am feeling a little light headed ( slightly normal after i donate ), then also slightly nauseous and a little on edge. i go home and for whatever reason i am pretty locked on, so as soon as i can i seduce the missus and we get moved on. now, i pause here to add that after donating blood, i am being advised to not do vigorous exercise lift weights for 48 - 72 hrs. now i have broken all the rules, am dehydrated, experience hyperglycaemia and i'm pushing my blood and heart to do some serious cardio. so, we're doing the deed, its going good, i am slightly delirious and then boom i puke out lunch and dinner on my wife and she tells me i just collapse on her after. i of course don't remem ber any of this but i wake up in the er with a drip and a very cross wife with puke stained hair staring at me. doctor says i should be happy but not try whatever it is i did after donating blood. turns out they ping everytime a donor comes in the er. apparently if i wasn't qyite so healthy, the self induced hyperglycemia could have resulted in a coma or possible blown blood vessel somewhere like my brain. 4 : dr donated blood, didnt rehydrate, took too much sugar, had sex, nearly had a stroke. edit 3 : wow this blew up. okay a few things. first of all thank you all for the concern, diabetes is hereditary in my family. i get tested regularly but after this episode i am getting a full physical just to be sure. we told the doctor i was " working out ", and he just nodded. he thinks its a confluence of too much sugary stuff ( i didnt eat that much proper food that day ), fatigue ( i hadnt been sleeping much coz of work ), dehydration, and the blood loss. and yes my wife has forgiven me, she is my wife after all. she finds the " fucked him out of his mind " brag really funny. and she assures me we can have sexy time as long as i use a horses feedbag. lastly, psa : i am still going to keep donating blood. doctor said he doesnt see why not unless the physical says otherwise. please consider donating if you have not. it saves lives and blood banks are always running low. if you take away anything from my tifu its that giving blood while " risky " is totally worth it, had sex right ; ) edit 4 : wow thank you for the gold kind stranger!
------
this is a great question. i have had this exact experience you describe--a community of people in a libertarian facebook group who were initially very supportive of my story ultimately became rather cruel in how they reacted to me talking about it, because, they said, augustus was just a "silly goth larper" who i am enabling by taking so seriously.
it's hard to say whether dismissal is helpful or not as a rule. i think the question needs to be more specific--what type of dismissal, of which specific groups, in what context? i obviously believe that completely dismissing augustus is not wise. i feel that many of these men will fade away when ignored, but others are a ticking time bomb. if i had to guess, i'd group augustus in the latter category. immediately after i learned he was a fascist, i entertained the idea of trying to validate him and engage him further in conversation to try to change his views, but i realized that was futile pretty quickly.
i do think there's a connection between sexual frustration and joining this type of group. men are taught that their prowess with women is one of the fundamental determinants of their worth as a man, yet we live in a world where 1) it's often pretty hard for men to find intimacy even if they try, and also 2) men are told that they are only allowed to want sex, not emotional intimacy and vulnerability. this sets them up for failure, since not tons of women really want to be with a completely emotionally illiterate man. when you join a fringe group like this, you are able to derive your sense of masculinity from other sources than the approval of women--especially since these groups tend to diminish women's agency, creating a sort of world where the man can act as he likes completely regardless of the thoughts or opinions of women around him.
i have definitely had sex work clients who fit the reactionary and/or incel stereotype. sometimes they are extremely hateful towards me, and act like i am a predator who forces men to give me money. usually, though, it's not that harsh. when i sense a client is sort of on the fringes of society and genuinely has a serious lack of social skills, i try my best to validate their emotions without either endorsing any pathological views they might have, or embarrassing them by making it too obvious that they are emotionally vulnerable. i often get to successfully challenge some of their attitudes about gender and sexuality in the conversations i have with them, especially if they become regular customers. it's a fun part of my job.
i hope that makes sense!
------
i posted about this once before somewhere but couldn't find it.
for as far back as i can remember i knew this amazing girl. we will call her s.s. she was always the light in any room. she was one of those people who were so full of optimism it would make you sick.
when she was 9 she was diagnosed with restrictive cardiomyopathy. basically, her heart had become too stiff to pump blood properly.
it wasn't long after that she had a heart transplant.
we were best friends throughout school and eventually became lovers. she was from a very well off family from the right side of the tracks and i was this public school bum who couldn't do anything right. none of that mattered to us so long as we had each other.
eventually though, they did matter. we talked about long term. her going to college , me , well i had no life plans. so i decided the military was what i was going to do and as hard as it was we split things off, knowing that we would find each other again in the future.
we didn't lose communication though. we would talk weekly. when i was deployed, she would send me care packages. little letters letting me know i was a good person doing a good thing. books and candies. eventually though, those communications became less personal and more generalized, stock.
i found out she had met someone and was to be married soon. being the young spoiled jerk that i was back then, i was enraged. betrayed . i still had a passion for this girl but how could she love another?!
i left the military and lost contact with her. i didn't have a home, lived out of my car for about a year or so in a different state from where we grew up.
eventually i made it back to the area. stopped partying so much, found a job and rented an apartment. met a girl, had a daughter. things didn't pan out between me and her mom but we were still good friends and we shared custody of the little one. i never forgot about s.s., i often asked the very few mutual friends we had how she was doing. i learned she was buying a house and adopting a girl. i was so happy for her and yet so envious. deep down though i blamed myself. i could never offer her the lifestyle to live like that.
then one day, out of the blue i get a text message from a number i don't know. it was her. and just like that we were best friends again. talking daily. catching up. eventually having lunch together and taking the kids on play dates.
one night she calls me in tears. she has been holding out her health issues from me. her body isn't happy with her current heart anymore and she's going through doctor after doctor and nothing is looking promising.
she said her husband and her had discussed it and they didn't want to hold one another back from enjoying their time to the fullest. he couldn't handle the hospital trips and regimented health issues any longer.
she couldn't handle the lack of passion and spark that was no longer there.
they stayed together for her benefit. insurance is a bitch when you have someone else's heart inside of you.
we once again became lovers. it was an emotional roller coaster. there was passion and sparks, we were together non stop. our daughter became best friends. she became best friends with my daughters mother. everything was perfect. until it wasn't.
i eventually wanted more than she could offer. i wanted a family. i finally had my own place and an amazing job. i was going to school. i became selfish. i wanted that happily ever after that i knew she couldn't give me.
we would argue over it but it was never really an argument. she promised me we would be each other's one day. she just needed to finish some treatments and the full adoption process of her little girl ( this was drawn out over years for reasons that make perfect sense if you know the story )
eventually i thought i couldn't take it any more. i wanted a family and i wanted it now. so i made the biggest mistake of my life and i left the girl who i loved more than anything in this world.
we were both devastated but i wouldn't budge. it's all mine or not mine at all. we didn't speak any more. i would hear about how she was doing from my daughters mother, the only one who knew we were lovers to begin with. she knew how broken i was over everything and other than once telling me i was a moron, stayed out of it.
time passed and i always wanted to reach out but i was too stubborn to do so.
and then i got a call from her one night. she told me she was in the hospital for a treatment and she was thinking about me. she said she had plans and we would have each other again soon, if i would still love her. we talked for hours that night into the early morning. we made plans to take the kids on vacation together. talked about our dream homes, everything. then she had to go. they were taking her to another hospital to try a new treatment. she would call me that night.
my phone never rang. it didn't ring for three days.
and then it did.
she had passed shortly after i talked to her last. she knew it was coming but used me as an escape from reality for a few hours of happiness.
this was several years ago. i've since married and had another little girl. my wife knows this story, and we have a picture of s.s. hanging in my house. i miss her often and cry more than i would admit. i was so selfish and wasted so much time when i had something so beautiful and amazing so close to me. she was always understanding and never got upset with me for my decisions which makes it harder. if she had only yelled at me once or fought me over my stupid feelings. but no, not s.s. she cared more about my feelings than her own.
------
so i don't deny i'm being rude sometimes, but only very mildly and that's kinda normal among siblings right? in my opinion my sister is extremely sensitive and it really gets annoying. so here are some examples
my sister is excited she found a song she had been looking for a long time. she shows it to me. i'm not impressed. rather lame song in my opinion. but i'm still happy for her. so rather sarcastically and joking i say "meh, lame song". her reaction: why can't you just say something nice to me for once!" me: "chill, i was just being sarcastic". her: "doesn't matter if it's sarcastic, you can't just go around insulting people all the time". me: "i wasn't insulting you, i just told you my opinion about the song" her: (screaming) "you're such an asshole you know that! you'll never make it far in life with that attitude!!"
another example: my parents were at ikea and came back with a shelve for the living room. i noticed earlier that day that my office chair is broken and say "can we go another time next week to buy me a chair? mine is broken". my mom jokingly says "can you put that together on your own" my dad "he and (my sister) can do that together" i say ok. my sister thinking mom was talking about the shelve says "ok then let's start!" me: "oh the shelve? nah, not in the mood" (t she suddenly gets really mad and says "stop it now with your assholery or i..." me getting being tired of this constant sensitivity and overreacting to the most casual things i say: "what? what are you gonna do?" she takes off her shoes, throws them at me, screams what an asshole i am, runs out the door slams the door and doesn't talk to me for three days. talking to her is like minesweeper to me and i find myself basically kissing her ass to not offend her like talking to your captor or something. but i also don't want her to "win" this argument so i have to treat her like a queen so i find myself intentionally being rude just to show her that i'm not giving in to her bullshit.
so every interaction we have is kinda like
her: can you pass me the butter?
me: sure, here (not looking her in the eyes because of constant tension)
her: are you being an asshole again?
me: "what is your problem now?"
her: "just be nice ok, like a normal person"
me: "sorry but maybe you're just sensitive"
etc.. etc...screaming....slapping....etc...etc...
of course i'm rude, i know that. but her reaction is just too much. so i'm not wasting my time to fix my mild rudeness just because she can't handle it. sorry. btw, i'm male and she's two years older than me. we're both young adults.
------
>because it defeats the reason of why you bring up the topic of indoctrination.
so you lie because it defeats the reason?
>you're using an ad-hominem attack, plain and simple.
if you feel that indoctrination is an attack, then why don't you consider your indoctrination when you think about your beliefs and how weak your evidence is?
pointing out that you were indoctrinated is not an attack. it's a fact. the whole idea behind indoctrination is to convince you that your doctrine is right, despite the evidence to the contrary. this is a serious problem for anyone who is trying to evaluate evidence that contradicts your doctrine. i'm pointing out this issue, not attacking you.
>i woke up at 5am today. do you believe it?
i have no reason not to believe it. we know that people do in fact wake up at 5am. and there are no consequences if i get it wrong.
my grandmother died from cancer, but got up 4 days later. i can show you a picture of her eating dinner. do you believe me?
>it's a silly saying. all claims require evidence. without a clear definition of "extraordinary evidence" means...
yes, all claims require evidence. some claims require more and better evidence. its a guideline suggesting that common occurrences with low risk don't need to be scrutinised as thoroughly as less common and higher risk claims. why do creationists have so much trouble with this?
>the evidence for christianity is the historical backing on the nt accounts of jesus.
there is no extra biblical historical backing for anything in the bible except for the existence of places and some mundane scenarios. there's no evidence that jesus actually did anything miraculous. some scholars aren't even convinced a man named jesus existed.
>to the best of my knowledge, hinduism doesn't make too many claims about history.
stay ignorant, that way you can keep saying this. but it's not true. do you really think the millions of hindu arent as convinced of their religions as you are of yours? that somehow you're smarter and have better evidence? haha. please. this is your special pleading fallacy.
>in order to investigate critical issues, i need to abandon my christian faith before looking?
while it would certainly help, that's not what i said. you're believing things because of faith, not evidence.
>i've spent the last 10 years critically looking into issues and holding onto faith in christ.
this doesn't sound like any unbiased method of evaluating the evidence for your religion. sounds to me like you're using faith instead of evidence.
>that's like asking you to abandon your atheism before talking to me about the...
i don't know what you think atheism means, but to me it means i don't have a belief in any gods. there is no doctrine or dogma or rules or funny hats. atheism to me just means that i'm not convinced at this time that there are any gods. it doesn't make sense to abandon ones disbelief in something before being convinced of it.
>has the order of creation wrong compared to what? science? do you think genesis 1 is intended to be a scientific account?
i believe that millions of christians believe its an accurate account of the beginning of life on earth, and the universe itself. as such, it absolutely is a scientific question.
you haven't made your case for anything in the bible except to point back to the bible. is genesis any accurate account of history?
------
hello, french guy here.
while it has indeed been widely reported by some media outlets (even french ones), this really needs some nuances !
first of all, here's the law in french modified yesterday (the infamous "new law") ([source](<url>)) :
>l'utilisation d'un telephone mobile ou de tout autre equipement terminal de communications electroniques par un eleve est interdite dans les ecoles maternelles, les ecoles elementaires et les colleges et pendant toute activite liee a l'enseignement qui se deroule a l'exterieur de leur enceinte, a l'exception des circonstances, notamment les usages pedagogiques, et des lieux dans lesquels le reglement interieur l'autorise expressement.
>dans les lycees, le reglement interieur peut interdire l'utilisation par un eleve des appareils mentionnes au premier alinea dans tout ou partie de l'enceinte de l'etablissement ainsi que pendant les activites se deroulant a l'exterieur de celle-ci.
>le present article n'est pas applicable aux equipements que les eleves presentant un handicap ou un trouble de sante invalidant sont autorises a utiliser dans les conditions prevues au chapitre ier du titre v du livre iii de la presente partie.
>la meconnaissance des regles fixees en application du present article peut entrainer la confiscation de l'appareil par un personnel de direction, d'enseignement, d'education ou de surveillance. le reglement interieur fixe les modalites de sa confiscation et de sa restitution.
translated to the best of my abilities, and with some online help (mostly [linguee](<url>)) :
>the use of mobile phone or other communication device by a student is forbidden in preschool/kindergarten, primary/elementary school, secondary/middle school and during all educational activities outside the school, except for cases and places where internal rules expressively allow it, chiefly educational uses.
>in high school, internal regulations can ban student from using such devices in all or parts of the school, as well as during activities outside of the school.
>this article is not applicable to the authorized devices of disabled students on conditions provided by the chapter 1, title 5 of the book 3 of this part.
>ignorance of this rule may lead to the confiscation of the device by a member of the direction, educational team, or supervisor staff. internal rules shall set out in greater details modalities of confiscation and restitution.
all right, so that's the "new law".
previously and since 2010, the law said this ([source](<url>)) :
>dans les ecoles maternelles, les ecoles elementaires et les colleges, l'utilisation durant toute activite d'enseignement et dans les lieux prevus par le reglement interieur, par un eleve, d'un telephone mobile est interdite.
>in preschool, primary and secondary school, during all educational activities and in all places stated by the school's internal regulations, student's mobile phone use is forbidden.
and i can remember that even before that, teachers were already confiscating phones because well... it was their classroom, their rules you know ? so the "new law" doesn't change anything really, beside expressively stating that teachers are allowed to confiscate the phones like they were already doing anyway. we french people just enjoy having convoluted law about everything :)
this story really isn't one. it's the story of a inreasingly rejected government masterfully using the back-to-school season and the media to make us forget that our reasonably popular environment minister (previous journalist, writer and environmentalist tv host) [nicolas hulot](<url>) just resigned during a moving [speech](<url>), live on the national radio france inter. he said he felt like he failed at his mission, that he couldn't possibly win that fight alone against the industrials lobbies. criticized by other environmentalist for participating in a ultra-liberal government, unsupported by the people, and of course with no help from his own government and colleagues (naming the minister of agriculture for example),who are, indeed, strongly in favor of an unchecked capitalist economy no matter the cost to the environment.
so *that's* uncomfortable for everyone right ? in the country who was so proud of hosting the cop21, our own envirenment minister just gave up, and it's because of every single one of us. i guess i'love to talk about phones at school too if i was french, maybe even writing a way too long comment on the subject ?
(massive edit after someone asked for sources, and i figured i might as well do thing properly)
------
> or 2 ) from organizations of long histories of obscuring the truth by omitting material facts in said subject. it's also fucking disgusting that you keep harping on this point. your first source in this thread was the national review, which has done zero investigative reporting ever, because they're an opinion rag, and then you won't read the washington post because they " distort the truth. " fuck off, you willfully ignorant dick. you're not interested in the truth. you're interested in being cocooned in a worldview that tells you everything is okay the way it is. fuck that, and fuck you. > kaps quotes were " cops are murdering black people and getting paid leave. " this is literally fucking true. the guy who killed eric garner didn't even get put on leave after he killed the man with another restraint technique prohibited by his department. the guy who killed philando castile was on paid leave until the end of his trial ( he wasn't convicted ), even though there was video. kelly thomas - paid leave, acquittal freddie gray - paid leave, acquittal, mistrial, charges dropped terrence crutcher - paid leave, acquittal > and cops are like the " run away slave patrol " it's an exaggeration because modern police departments generally have standards, but in the south, prison patrols became police departments and continued alongside police departments to help enforce jim crow laws. it's worth considering because these folks still exist and some of they are cops. > " a system that perpetuates and condones the killing of people without consequence doesn't need to be revised, it needs to be dismantled! " he's entitled to his opinion. it could probably be revised. > the aspect that the us courts are condoning killing without consequence is full retard. oh, that's the part you're upset with? what do you call philando castile's murderer being acquitted of murder, then? > you're desperately trying to move the goalposts and / or change the topic to petty crime bc you can't even begin to defend the stupid shit he's said. when i write the words " petty crime " in this sentence, it will be the first time i have said literally anything about petty crime. but, if that's what you want you talk about, when eric garner was accused of a petty crime and executed in the street for it. let's just remind ourselves that the only reason i went down this rabbit hole is because you claimed that three respected news papers that have won multiple pulitzer prizes are fabricating narratives and distorting the truth. > if the us law system exists as a now - slavery institution then here would be no circumstances where blacks were killed 2x less often than whites, even with differences in popularity. use your brain moron. learn to math, and then use your brain. 50 % of police shooting victims in 2015 were white, 26 % were black. 72 % of americans are white, 13 % are black. blacks are killed more often than whites, per capita.
------
most people act on gut feeling. i try to come up with a rule and test it. if the rule has exceptions, i try to explain them logically. if i can't, the exception is invalid and the entire rule must be reworked. i have yet to find a reason to ban incestuous fun. unless it falls under a different rule, such as don't groom kids.
come on, obviously i'm not talking about super atas chicken rice. or paying for delivery. that's paying for not having to walk, not for the food itself.
i'm glad that i'm noticeably consequentialist. my personal system is derived from consequentialism, but i give value to emotions. i used to be pure consequentialist, but that had its problems. for example, purely logically, stalin was irrefutably right to force people into horrible working conditions for the good of the ussr. but it was clearly a great wrong. so there must be a reason. the only way i can justify calling stalin a bad man is by shifting the ultimate goal of existence from technological advancement to happiness. and that makes far more sense.
i believe that all people must work toward a goal. that is my most fundamental belief. therefore, only a moral system that is goal oriented can be valid. deontology is based on the journey. but in the past few years, i've been unable to come up with a journey that's worthwhile unless it has a worthwhile goal. sometimes the journey is the goal. but the common factor is still the goal, even if it's not a single lump sum payoff at the end. my system includes some traits that seem deontological on the surface, but on further analysis are revealed to be consequentialist.
for every question, i have to ask 'why' and question the answer again and again until a concrete reason pops up. 'because it's right' isn't a concrete reason because right is subjective. but happiness is not. if you're happy, nobody can make the argument that you actually aren't. there id an absolute amount of dopamine in your brain. that's a concrete fact.
all laws infringe on personal freedom. therefore all laws are unjust. however, they also improve society in some way, supposedly. if the latter outweighs the former, then they become justified. the only way to say a law is unjust is to say that the freedom it sacrifices is worth more than the safety (or etc) that it grants. this is subjective.
if i were a dictator, i would ban any couple who is unable to have normal offspring from having children. unless they can find a way to have normal offspring. or if they have a significant chance to have a defective child, i would ban them too if that was scientifically proven. but again, if they solve their problem, then go ahead.
however, if i were a democratically elected leader, and i believed myself to be the best man for the job, i wouldn't do this. knowing that it would make me lose the next election, the good i could do with other policies outweighs the loss of 'goodness' by allowing more instances of genetic diseases into the world. i could implement a less heavy handed approach, but i can't think of one right now. if i actually thought i could solve all the world's problems, i'd go into politics.
oh and one more reason i won't support practical eugenics (i support the idea, but it would never work). just like the reason communism fails, and capitalism allows poverty, because people suck. who gets to decide what's bad enough to be banned? cerebral palsy is pretty bad, i think everyone would agree the world would be a better place if we eradicated that. but what about a citrus allergy? is that bad enough to take away someone's right to have kids? i don't think so, but i'm not going to be the dictator. whoever becomes the dictator might disagree. by my own judgement, i think i could fairly decide what is or is not as bad. by his judgement, he thinks the same of himself. and so does everyone. therefore, my judgement on myself is invalid. i would need an entire committee to decide. and what if the result is decided by a difference of 1 vote? that falls within the bounds of uncertainty. so do we do it then? i can't say. no human can. i don't even think a computer can. so just like communism, eugenics cannot be effectively carried out by humans on humans. and since we're dealing with humans, i would vote against eugenics even though it is objectively a good idea
------
i was in another thread on this sub when i was reminded of this trip report. the person took a combination of dph and datura in a dark room with another person keeping notes. since it is too long, i will only be posting a section of it. the full trip report can be found here: <url>
>objective:
>engage in romantic and/or sexual contact with se. at first, se is not responsive to communication, including commands. after approximately five minutes, se starts to respond to simple questions, and its ability to reply improves over time. it eventually is able to hold a basic conversation and accept basic commands. this inclination of behavior akin to higher cognitive functioning is particularly intriguing and warrants greater research at a future time. the subject has features typically appropriate for the average human female: somewhat long hair, average mammary size, visible genitals equivalent to a vagina, etc. the subject does not wear any clothing and seems a relatively opaque dark grayish color with a minuscule amount of transparency.
>experiment: willingness to follow commands. "c" will represent commands and "r" will represent responses.
>c: "walk from the north side of the room towards the south side."
r: se proceeds to travel from one side of the room to the opposing side.
c: "walk from the south side of the room towards the north side and end at nnw."
r: se proceeds to travel from standing position on the south side to the north side while curving appropriately to arrive towards the north-north-west orientation. (i now proceed to unfasten my pants and undergarments. in colloquial terms, i "whipped my dick out.")
c: "walk towards me until you are about two feet away and stand."
r: se walks in my direction and stops approximately 1 foot in front of me, with its front torso facing towards me.
c: "very satisfactory. now, stay absolutely motionless, so i may test your corporeality."
r: se does not give affirmation by speech or expression. it obeys command and remains stationary.
(i now kneel down on one knee, and with my index finger and middle finger i attempt to manually penetrate its orifice resembling with near perfection a vaginal opening, sans vulva. my fingers penetrate, and i am able to feel vaginal walls, the tactile sensation resembling wet skin. se makes a vaguely sexual noise upon stimulation. i then remove my fingers and attempt to perform cunnilingus on the subject. there is no taste, and it does not seem to produce any lubricant juices, and no actual lubricants have been used, but still it feels as though it was lubricated. upon entrance of my tongue, it makes a much more sexual noise than before and proceeds to lay its hand upon my shoulder as if to encourage me to continue. i do not oblige. i then proceed to remove my tongue from its orifice and stand up. next, i begin phase two of testing.)
>c: "now, kneel on your knees and grasp my phallus."
r: se complies. it then proceeds to look up at me, as if it were attempting to act seductive or sultry.
c: "very good. next, proceed to move your hands up and down my penile shaft."
r: se hesitates, and then complies.
(i can feel stimulation as if it were actually real. strangely, however, at the same time, there appears to be little if any, friction. remember that i have not used any form of lubrication.)
>c: "now, proceed to perform fellatio."
r: se complies.
------
i do believe morality is subjective, what one might fine from is less disgusting to the next. cultures are different in many ways and how you view morality is heavily influenced by the way you were brought up. stalin, mao and hitler weren't objectivly wrong, they were subjectivly wrong. personally i believe you can do anything your wish as long as it doesn't harm another non - consenting party. for instance hurting someone person would be bringing harm to a party which does not consent to this action. and yes, i would be alright if that were to happen, only if they want it themselves. they have their right to make choices and seeing as they aren't hurting anybody they shouldn't be judged for their actions just because of a problem. if you are talking about family, then that would fall under incest, and i wouldn't think a person would wish to do incest with family in a relationship. they have the right to refuse a client if they don't like them. and yeah, i haven't been around for long, so'm just a 17 year old autistic adoloscent still heavily developing what he must adhere to in live, currently probably the closest to a form of positive nihilism. also, you seem at the moment to me more of a cherrypicker than anything else. anything benevolent around europe is appearant to your answers only through the benevolence of christianity, while all that is bad is merely opposing it. history is never so one - sided. many good things... bad things happen on all sides. stalin might be an absolutely terrible person, but the soviet union did stop the germans under hitler's leadership. communism an ideal made bad, though in some instances it served to better the world, in concentration camps, often communist political prisoners would form networks and make the greater group feel better even if only slightly, in norway, prisoners sometimes got mail sent through mail as that was allowed there, and were convinced sometimes by communists to sent it to the hospital so that all the prisoners in the camp could get acess to it. on the other hand, it's a failed economic doctrine which doesn't adhere to human nature and has been used by bad people to commit attrocities by mao and stalin. christianity is a concept which though good, is also bad and many of it's teachings aren't followed these days. slavery was never condemned in the bible, it was slightly regulated, but never condemned because it was written in a time where slavery was normal. slaves set free by their masters would get slaves themselves when they could afford them, even though they experienced it themselves. i certainly don't agree with you, on nearly all accounts, seeing as your view of history is the most one - sided i have ever seen and i certainly don't agree with your own doctrine, but at the very least this is refreshing me on some historic things.
------
>the first three words are explicitly the antidote to your unease. they clarify the target of the article right away
my main unease is with the title. obviously the article won't state that every single christian has defended him, it will point at certain ones. but it's use of the phrase "bible-bashing weirdos" and the title not being specific about which christians clearly indicates the point of the article. it's not neutral, it's explicitly anti-christian, and the only reason an article this poorly written and this biased is being liked and supported by /r/atheism is because it happens to coincide with this communities biases.
>but the sin here? the sin here is that a grown ass man, a man professed to be a conduit to the divine and one truth, utilized a god damn funeral to group a woman on live television - and his congregation is of christians are falling over themselves to defend him.
and the point of the matter is that both facts: a] a man, at a funeral, with high status and in his own church grouped a woman in plain daylight. b] people, christians within the congregation are defending and explaining away this action.
and let me through in an extra one
c] his non-pology is a piece of shit that is baked in racism (taco bell? really bishop? thats the first thing you want to say when accused of improper touching?) and distraction and underscores how fucking shameless he is.
i completely agree that what the bishop did was wrong in every way, but what the paper is doing is also wrong, using vague ill-defined language to push an agenda that the people here on /r/atheism would happily lap up without careful thought, investigation, or consideration.
>"being christian does not make one's moral position right or just."
and just try and make it a race thing to distract.
i never said that being a christian makes one's position moral or just.
i'm saying that a majority of christians don't condone what the bishop is doing, the few [christians] that do are from his congregation.
a majority of the people who visit reddit only read the title of the article, when an article like this is posted to a place like /r/atheism then people who already believe that a majority of christians are in support of victim blaming won't actually think. they'll just use it as an opportunity to bash people (christians as a whole) for the actions of a few (the congregation of this certain pastor).
>if i say; "men diddled me" does that mean i'm making a generalization about sexual abuse done by all men to me? obviously that'd be absurd.
if posted to a community that thinks that all men are rapists and child molesters then yes it could be interpreted that way.
the article is being posted to /r/atheism and so a sizable percentage of the community will continue to believe that all christians are victim-blamers.
even if that's not what the article is saying directly (because it'd obviously be wrong), it's equivocating and using a title lacking in specific language in order to push that belief.
>if i say; "catholic priests did terrible things to children." does that mean i'm making a generalization about catholic priests? is that a click bait sentence? must i clarify the specific cases of abuse in numerated form so as to not let the reader assume that i mean all catholic priests?
if the writers of the article knew it would be posted to a community that believes that all catholic priests are nefarious and do terrible things to children then yes it should be clarified.
the writers of this article know it's going to be propagated by communities like this who won't look inside of the article and will just look at the title.
> race baiting, like you want to utilize, is a real thing
huh? what are you talking about? how am i race baiting?
> this is intentional generalization. do you see how its very different from the title you are complaining about?
no i don't. both are using vague langauage and equivocation to push an agenda.
what difference do you see?
------
i actually wouldn't be surprised with blizzard doing this : switch port magazine book druid character pack with new zones ( cause it's already done and they will want to use the content to drive the port sales ) netflix series diablo 2 2 ( to be released very soon after blizzcon ) and a short snip of d4 ( 2020 release date ) my reasoning : business is business, not activision blizzard is a massive company who have money to invest. blizzard is aware how beloved the franchise is for numerous reasons. david brevik didnt go to blizzard hq for nothing, it was more than likely to give permission to release the hd remake, and with the timing of when this occurred and the timing of all the hiring, it makes complete sense. whether we like it or not, blizzard has become " appease all audiances, and drive profit margins " how can they surefire do this well. d4 and a d2 remaster would have provided the starting blocks. the remaster would be in case d4 fails so appease the retro nostalgic gamers. while d4 is forsure being monitored much more closely than d3. profit wise d3 was no failure, but it was also living on the back of d2, and d1. so to blizzard that's a no go. there gonna do everything in their power to ensure diablo 4 fit the franchises expectations. which leads me to my next point. they would have realized during d4s development, and potentially d2s remaster that d3 butchered some very important aspects of the story and lore. how do they fix something that were massacred while trying to live up with the franchise. you hire some extremely talented writers, hence a book and a magazine with some very specific release dates. at this point they realize they can sell the adjusted stories. but, they didn't want to stop there now they have content they can exploit sales through, which a netflix series sounds extremely probable. this could attract new customers, and showcase to all the butt hurt fans that the story is in fact fixed, and that they truly care about d4, almost like look what and how much effort that put in guys! activision blizzard gets alot of money to play with sony fool yourselves. especially after the profit they made off of d3, they can play a massive game of complete control. well d3 forsure had a second expansion planned, which probably contained the druid, and some other stuff. well with a port they now can make use of this content and guess what drive sales for both the game on the port and the pack, which will probably include more than the necro pack to make it more enticing. the diablo2 remaster will hold over fans till the release of d4, and appease anyone who is let down by d4 while both building hype for d4 and creating a whole new era of diablo franchise nostalgia heads cause d2 is a legendary game whether you agree or not, this would increase d4s sales volumes to new heights. which leads me to d4. if my speculation and predictions are correct. blizzard will have borrowed some business tatics from bethaesda, and evolved them. i honestly would see diablo 4 becoming the highest grossing game of all time. well who would put this much thought into orchestrating this? well! activision blizzard would. they know that profit models in games have been really hit or miss. and after the auction house ( there last attempt at creating one time payment model ) failed miserably and other games have been failing miserably in this section of the gaming industry. you best believe blizzard has put alot of thought into keeping the classic model as it ain't broke dont fix it, and evolving it into something else. there plan is simple, to me it looks like their trying to go back to their roots. create an amazing game and the sales will follow and hype it up. well i think that's what were seeing. they are trying to make a proper diablo game that's going to surprise us, and even if not all of us are pleased, we still end up pleased one way or another. why would i think that a company would go so bat shit ham. well, all the evidence is kinda just floating around. and most importantly, blizzard did the one thing no gaming company would ever think of doing unless their sure of it. they have hyped this franchise beyond belief! they weren't subtle in any way, they made sure to get the max possible expectations and hype possible. if i'm wrong which is very very possible, than d4 would have to be an absolute masterpiece for this level of hype to not backfire. one thing that i could say could go either way is the druid and extra content for d3, cause they might not want to touch d3 anymore, and just call it a day. ladies and gentlemen, i know one thing forsure, we should be hyped. d3 was a different monster, they had the backup to go out and hype us for d3s release cause we hadn't seen a diablo game in over a decade, and people would've been bat shit hyped whether or not it was good or shit, this time they forsure know it's different. they cant count on d2 or d1 with sales. cause i dont know about you guys, but i ain't buying d4 if i see anything off about it. d3 i would have bought and did with a preorder without even seeing jack shit, why? d2 and d1 is why.
------
edit: i don't know how anyone can misunderstand a principle this badly, but of course i'm saying in addition to using your front brakes, goof balls.
just saw a post where everyone seemed to agree that if your front brakes are powerful, i. e. sport bikes with dual rotors, you're good to go with just front brakes, because they're good enough to pick the rear up, so what benefit would using the rear add?
here's why you need to use your rear brake every time your bike slows down:
1. using your rear brake keeps the bike upright. this means whenever you trail the rear brake into a turn, the bike will have a steady force pulling from the back end of the bike that will stabilize the rear. even a tiny amount of pressure, not enough to slow you down, will give you a much smoother turn in every time.
1.a this is especially important in parking lots and slippery surfaces, your bike will be much more resistant to your weight movement and will be steered by the bars more, giving you a more predictable route and a more vertical bike, which is the end goal of all body lean in the first place. any movement you do on the bike, whether it's leaning off or sitting forward or back during acceleration/deceleration, it's always to achieve the goal of keeping the bike more upright and aligned, and thus stable.
2. your rear brake keeps your bike from diving and bouncing forward and back. when you initially grab front brakes, your weight will cause the forks to compress, and in virtually all cases you'll have a slight bounce back after the fork reaches compression because of how springs work. your rear brake, in combination with your swing arm angle, will keep your swing arm in a limited range of motion as long as the brake is applied. to test this, stop with a decent amount of rear brake, and hold the brake until you're stopped. let go of the rear, and your bike will kick up an inch or two as the swingarm returns to its natural position. this also means that as you hit the fronts, just the act of keeping the swing arm in a limited range will keep the front end from diving and bouncing as much, letting you brake much harder even if the front is doing 95% of the stopping.
3. it will smooth out your engine braking, when you're doing so just lightly apply the rear brake, especially in between gears, and the bike will feel much more predictable
4. it will help keep you from lowsiding. in addition to all of the above, if you do happen to start losing your front, the rear tire being braked will serve to straighten out the bike, like a spinning car that suddenly locks the e-brake. it won't save you by itself, but it will keep the bike more upright and in a predictable corner arc, which can help in some situations where the front loses grip.
5. fish tailing the rear as you stop sometimes happens when you hit oil or shitty pavement anyways, so if you can get a good feel for when the rear locks up and how it handles, it will make that situation fun instead of terrifying.
6. your bike is trying to fall at all times. if you're turning and aren't on the throttle, you need to be on the brakes, to keep the bike from wobbling and picking a side to fall on. to test this out go to a parking lot and make tighter and tighter turns, within about 20 feet, and see how stable the bike is once you're off the gas. you won't be able to keep it on the same line without the throttle as you lose momentum and stability. with a little rear brake and throttle, you'll be able to make tighter and tighter stable circles. just don't blame me if you crash!
7. there's no excuse for lazy riding. if you're the type of person who reads reddit motorcycle tips like this in the first place, just take the effort and do it right, your bike will feel completely different and you'll have much more confidence in the course your bike takes through any kind of corner or braking situation.
tldr watch twist of the wrist and try things out on your bike to see what does what
------
> it should be common sense that the current medical consensus in circumcision in the us is plain evil?
you don't need a weatherman to tell which way the wind blows.
there has been a long history of absurd claims made for circumcision. that it could cure paralysis of the legs or insanity have been dropped from the arsenal of propaganda pushing the practice, but other claims are still taken seriously even when the only evidence for them are three deeply flawed pieces of research by people with vested interests in africa.
throughout the rest of the developed world, there is a very clear medical consensus: routine infant circumcision cannot be justified on medical grounds.
i refer you to wikipedia on circumcision:
the ethics of circumcision are controversial.[2][3][4] during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the primary justification for circumcision was to prevent masturbation and intentionally reduce male sexual pleasure,[3][6][7] which was believed to cause a wide range of medical problems.[2][3][6][7][8] modern proponents argue that circumcision reduces the risks of a range of infections and diseases as well as conferring sexual benefits.[2][3][9] by contrast, opponents, particularly of infant circumcision, often question its utility and effectiveness in preventing diseases,[2][3] and object to subjecting newborn boys, without their consent, to a procedure they consider to have debatable benefits, significant risks and a potentially negative impact on general health and later sexual enjoyment.
from the same wikipedia article:
dr. john harvey kellogg recommended circumcision of boys caught masturbating, writing: "a remedy for masturbation which is almost always successful in small boys is circumcision, especially when there is any degree of phimosis. the operation should be performed by a surgeon without administering anaesthetic, as the pain attending the operation will have a salutary effect upon the mind, especially if it be connected with the idea of punishment." but he was opposed to routine circumcision of infants: "it is doubtful, however, whether as much harm as good does not result from circumcision, since it has been shown by extensive observation among the jews that very great contraction of the meatus, or external orifice of the urethra, is exceedingly common among them, being undoubtedly the result of the prolonged irritation and subsequent cicatricial contraction resulting from circumcision in infancy."
kellogg was a significant factor in the propagation of this practice in the us and yes, circumcising boys as a punishment for masturbation or doing it at birth to reduce sexual pleasure, which is the real purpose, is pure evil.
------
>you mean like all the religious holidays we have?
sure, i can see why someone would feel that is a promotion of religion. your point?
>please give one example of the lgbt community in singapore demanding that children be taught about homosexuality.
*i assume you're referring to sex ed classes. in which case, i don't really see any valid reason to not include homosexuality in the curriculum. you do realize that being gay isn't a choice, right? -* u/ceddya
>okay then, what recourse do you propose for someone who's rejected service on the basis on discrimination?
>
>keep in mind that singapore doesn't have anti-discrimination laws like the us has, so you don't have to worry about anyone suing a business.
just go to another establishment.
what is my recourse if a christian publisher doesnt sell me my religious book? none, i just get it from someone else
>except the bakery didn't advertise itself as a straight wedding only one. if you don't want to serve lgbt couples, why not just advertise it publicly to avoid such issues?
they probably dont want to bake a cake for a neonazi gathering or kkk cross burning either. how is it practical to advertise all the various events the baker will not take part in
>the reality is that the bakery wants the ability to discriminate against certain customers while avoiding the backlash via people (who are opposed to said discrimination) boycotting it. you can't have you cake and eat it too
its not discrimination. he should have the liberty to determine in which events he wants to participate in, for which ceremonies he wants to use his artistic skills in.
and he did suffer a backlash, he has gotten death threats. and when the courts forced him to bake cakes for all occassions, he had to drop the service completely and lose 40% of his revenue.
the gay couple purposefully seeked out a business that would reject baking a cake for their wedding, so they can make a big hoo haa of it. all the baker did was excercise his liberty to not bake a cake, he even claimed they could buy a cake off his shelf.
who's the real victim here?
tell *"you can't have you cake and eat it too"* to your fellow far-left and lgbt friends. they cannot demand for liberty and rights while simultaneously trying to infringe on other's
>that being said, i don't know how you reconcile being against businesses being discriminatory and rejecting services while also being opposed to forcing a business to serve someone they're discriminating against. isn't that quite the dichotomy?
again, it is not discrimination
------
just the difference between days and nights creates two different working environments. dividing the work groups even further allows for more opportunities of miscommunication. in just about every workplace, " safety " thrown around a lot. to me it gets overused but loses its meaning after a while because it gets misunderstood. every time you see or hear the word i replace it with " communication " because that's what it is... a cone communicates a hazard, an email or procedure communicates intent, purpose and potential hazards and mitigations... so so it should. i see the frustration with projecting the image or illusion of safety and feeling that it's hypocritical. there's a lot of fancy posters but that means nothing when people are getting hurt and hiding it because they don't want to upset their safety record. and that's where it has to get down to understanding limitations. if a workforce of 400 has one " safety guy ", maybe that guy isn't the guy we could be used to. that person is only capable of so much. one person trying to help 400 was like trying to drink water out of a fire hydrant. and that's also how it feels one - on - one, slipping into a conversation to try and fix a " disgruntled " person. so, i try to look at a person as a subject matter expert in their own life that's willing to give me first - hand knowledge, listen, and then connect them with a closer resource, like an immediate supervisor or head of a workgroup. there's likely to be more of an understanding than to try and recreate a scenario to someone who isn't familiar with the " way things get done " vs " the way we're supposed to be doing it ". that supervisor should be taking those things to our peers, working collectively, and not bringing it to their leader... but when it doesn't happen, that's where we get frustrated and lose trust. and that's where i chose to try a different approach. i joined an employee - level safety committee. no special perks, no extra pay, no red hat. just the ability to sit in a room and bypass all the levels above me, straight to the top. at first i was confident, then i became confident. i brought all the issues to it and laid them out there, but it was ineffective because all i was doing was bringing low level issues to high level people. i wasn't connecting a concern with the department responsible. the best takeaway from it was after i " saw the man behind the curtain " i saw where the communication stopped, and i spent time understanding who was responsible for what, and connecting the issues with the right people through email or electronic write ups. digital " paper trails " go a long way - - they're a receipt and a reminder that anyone involved can go back to if they're unclear and a way to follow up. and they're an effective form of communication that show you're listening and making the attempt to do something about it. i usually include the person with the concern, a direct supervisor and the person who may be able to resolve the issue. having three or more people seems to get more effective replies and often, those two may continue the conversation to work the issue.
------
i definitely appreciate your approach to this debate and i totally agree there seems to be a misunderstanding between us. many of our dams throughout the u. s. a. have been very successful in terms of what they were initially designed for ( irrigation supply, hydropower, floodplain alteration, etc. ). yes, we have definitely been able to alter and in some cases control river hydraulics. in some cases, these changes are still in place an there doesn't appear to be any indication that our systems are failing. there are several major dam projects that serve as prime examples of current accomplishments. the problems i was referencing aren't exclusively related to dams, but there are some examples i can be related to various dams. just last year the oroville dam failed. i'll admit that this dam was underfunded and in need of repairs / design alteration, but that is part of the challenge inherent with controlling our rivers. we need to maintain the river control structures or they fail and we no long maintain control. i guess i should have better emphasized my interpretation of " long - term. " you are absolutely right that we have been able to alter the hydrology of various river systems. the issue has that altering is easier than controlling. there is often, just not always, too much change carried through a river system for our designs to hold longterm. just about any damage to a river system is going to change how the water flows through the channel bed. over time, these changes will cause erosion in various areas that can cause the river to jump / change channels from the original flow path. before satellite imagery it was a lot harder to track these changes, but now we can easily map the divergence of river systems over 100s of years. some of these changes are intentional and some of them occur opposite with what we had hoped for. we definitely have a massive effect on the behavior of our river systems, but we haven't always been in control of the changes we've caused. one of the major issues we face today is that many of our dams have reached the end our their expected " safe operational period. " if we don't decide what to do with these dams, they could very well remove themselves ( in some cases ). didn't mean to come off as if i was criticizing your opinion or denying that we have done a hell of a job building dams on most of our rivers. i believe we both have similar opinions on such solutions to our current situation. thanks for the opportunity to discuss. best wishes!
------
honestly, it looks like a tire fire, and that they are trying to be deliberately misleading in their presentation of the current financial status of the company. page 12 : > we account for cryptocurrencies at cost, instead of revaluing cryptocurrencies at fair value on each accounting reference date, to avoid substantial volatility on the value of cryptocurrencies from time to place, which may distort our results of operational and financial condition. we know that they have approximately 1m bch, and approximately < cur > 60m usd, collectively, of other coins including btc, and small amounts of dash, ltc, and eth. by ignoring the projected fair market value and presenting the value of their cryptocurrency at the cost they acquired it at, they have disclosed current assets of approximately < cur > 1b of cryptocurrency. well... 2 days ago 1m bill was worth < cur > 400m usd, plus the odds and ends, and they put < cr > 500 - < cur > 600m tops. when describing their net negative cash flow on page 11, they state that : > however, the cryptocurrencies we hold are highly liquid assets that can be sold in open market to satisfy our liquidity needs. can anyone who tell me what would happened if they tried to sell 1m bch on open market to satisfy their liquidity needs? in 2017 and 2018, they prepaid suppliers a total of < cur > 1. 2b usd ( page 47 ). on page 40 they recognize that " high discount levels may increase our inventory holding costs, risk of inventory obsolescence, markdown allowances and write - offs. " this shows that higher - paid inventory they spent < cur > 1. 2b on. further discussing inventory pricing on page 45, they write : > moreover, we may not be able to accurately estimate our costs or pass on all or parts of any increase in our costs of production to our customers, in particular the costs of raw materials, components and parts. as a result, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. page 45 is interesting, because consumers disclosed their profit margin on sales between 52 % in 2015 and 36 % in 2017. an s9 was selling for approximately < cur > 1, 500 usd in 2017. if that represents 36 % profit, we can estimate the costs at < cur > 1, 100 usd. the current price for an s - 9 is [ < cur > 440 usd ] ( < url > ). that represents a 60 % loss. despite all of the above, they disclose an inventory asset valued at < cur > 887m usd on page 216. i don't believe they have followed good accounting practices, which i understand would require them to value these assets using the most conservative method of valuation, i. e., the method that results in the * lowest * valuation. they haven't done so and the result is that their reported assets are vastly inflated. similarly, as they have accounted for cryptocurrency income as part of their cashflows using the same cost accounting, they have minimized their net negative cashflow, which is actually substantially greater than reported.
------
alright. i saw the story about the handcuffs so i thought i would tell my story.
so both my girlfriend and i are deaf. well, partially deaf. we both met in a special school and have been dating for about 5 years, in case you were wondering how deaf people met. what is also special about our relationship is that she is from france and i'm american--so there is also a language barrier added to our dynamic.
sometimes, she will go visit her family in france. and when she comes back, there is often a sexfest that occurs. it was great in college, its great as a young adult. we usually keep it tame but i have always told my neighbors that if we are loud for any reason, to just ring the doorbell. i also don't know if people know this but instead of having an audible noise from our doorbell, the light flickers.
its the day that she is coming home and i'm excited. everything is set up, candles, romantic shit. events are partaking, everything is going great but then we start incorporating some interesting shit. we would usually do shower stuff, flexible position shit or food stuff (don't ask). but this time, we were doing bdsm shit. there was some yelling, some moaning. some answering the door partially naked and hoping the postmates guy wouldn't be judgemental (even though they always are).
she puts on a facemask and handcuffs me to the bed. which in hindsight, is pretty weird shit for people who cannot hear very well. but i was down.
she lifts the eye mask and says she'll be right back. so i'm just chilling blindfolded, handcuffed and rocking a boner. pretty sure there is a wedding crashers scene about my situation. a couple of minutes goes by and she hasn't come back yet. *was she finally going to do the special cosplay we talked about? was she on the toilet. was she eating?* a lot of thoughts.
a couple more minutes goes by and now i'm a little bit worried. excited, but nervous. i start calling her name and don't get any response....
i start to try to wiggle my way out of the handcuffs but it doesn't work. i'm just waiting for some type of reaction and hopefully that everything is alright. i begin to feel the ground shaking, which sounded like footsteps and i thought, *another person? fuck yeah.* so now i'm back to a stiffy.
suddenly, the blindfold lifts and there are four police offers starting at me. this is the fucked up thing, my fantasy was police officer sex. i thought she was playing into it because she was still naked. the officers aren't really saying anything, there are three cute female officers and a young looking male officer. we had done swinger parties in the past so i wasn't surprised by anything that was going on.
its not been a solid 30 seconds and nothing has happened. just a staring fest. they begin to speak but i cannot understand. i now know that shit is going on and ask to be removed from the handcuffs and now put on some pants. i tell them our story and they slowly begin to understand. there now writing things down and tell us that they were doing a well-being check for our neighbor and heard us. they knocked on the door but now they get why they couldn't hear us. (normally, they would know if we were hearing impaired through a bio they would have but since they weren't searching for us in the beginning, they wouldn't know what was going on). i proceed to walk out of the room and see the damage, including a busted down door, four of our neighbors on the floor peaking into our condo and a cake on the floor.
so tl;dr had rough sex, am deaf, cops heard it, we couldn't.
------
i never said it hasn't been an issue before. it's merely the hot topic currently because of the recent allegations and new data. so yes, it is a current, hot-button topic.
i twisted nothing to fit my view. you clearly need to reread the comment chain. the topic was left handed versus right handed learning and which religion was the one who enforced it in such a way. which is where the religion was announced. so you're gonna need to pay attention if you wanna come back about it being on or off topic. and the guy brings up the molestation issue. which absolutely is an issue. but do you go to a group meant for people to question and learn about assault and battery only to pipe up and say "yeah this is bad, but at least your aggressor didn't rape you". what kind of back handed joke is that?
i've met more people than catholics who raise their children in the faith. and i've met plenty of people who were forced into it until they were old enough to decide. while it's extreme to force a child to go to mass of any kind, it's not wrong to raise them by your beliefs. that's literally what it means to be a parent. again, extreme circumstance exists. but it is not wrong to raise your child in your faith because you think that's correct. what's incorrect is forcing them to be by negative repercussions if they don't follow. my children will be raised catholic. when they're able to decide what they want they will be free to make that decision. i may not like it, but it won't make them any less my children.
policies against gays? name one. they don't exist in catholicism. there's no "if you're gay follow these commandments instead". we are all under the same rules. there's no difference.
more specifics on integration into government would be nice. do you mean specifically in the us? the vatican? i'm unsure what you're stance here is.
the only people i see cherry picking verses are the ones who don't understand them. one bad apple doesn't represent the faith as a whole. the church is a hospital for sinners. that means we're bound to misunderstand and be wrong. and the negative always spreads faster than the positive. if you have examples of cherry picking, by all means i'd love to hear them.
there's no belief anyone is better than anyone else from practicing catholics. we're all children of god. we are all equal in dignity.
where have we lent credence to violence? if it's about the crusades, well, the 4th one was awful. but the other ones, i'd suggest some more research on them if that's what you're getting at.
unfortunately there are clergy abusing their power. and the higher ups are protecting these people for some reason. it's unbeknownst to us lay people. we are not responsible for their actions. and just because they might be in the wrong does not invalidate the faith. reminds me of napoleon mentioning how he would singlehandedly take down the catholic church. and the cardinals laughed because they knew the truth. the church has been trying to destroy itself from the inside out for centuries. hasn't happened yet. just because the higher ups are doing awful things doesn't mean the faith itself is incorrect or leading to evil. it's just those specific people that are evil.
you're going to have to reread the comment chain. you clearly missed the first comment that started everything where i go with "catholic here" and confirm the left handed versus right handed issue. which was the original topic. so there is the topic. it didn't magically appear halfway in this comment chain. it's the original comment that sparked everything after about the abuse topic, because the next guy decided to stray off topic with a rather poor joke.
again, it's brought up because it's the parent comment that sparked this whole branch. so you need to pay attention. you're the one ignoring the entire picture and twisting things to fit *your* view.
as far as dirty laundry; i'm not hiding anything. what those priests have done is awful. there's no denying that. there's no covering it up. and again. i'm all for bishop barron's plan of having a vatican sponsored, lay-led investigation of why this happened. get to the bottom of it. as well as to do our best to ensure it doesn't happen again. people can bring it up anytime; in an appropriate discussion forum. abuse is a sensitive topic. especially survivors of it. you don't walk around talking about rape in the open; or making jokes about it to people without knowing their backstory. nor murder. so why traipse around so freely about sexual abuse? that's the real issue here. a well formulated discussion is never unwelcome. immature jokes out of the blue about sensitive topics don't ever fly well.
------
so, no overhaul... just the complete tweaking of nearly every aspect of the game toward... ameliorations, no doubts. the main quest end game being too far away from the beginning i kinda can understand it : it'r a long game. the main quest can be burned through kinda fast though, especially if combats are not a problem to you. filler is filler and i have yet to play a rpg that hides it better than the w3 with a good padding of story. all side quests have unique dialogues and a small but medium setup to justify the fetching. and the fetching is nearly always a way to force you into remote location with a bit of loot. at the time of the side quest, there is often a twist or a choice that change de perspective of that'' generic'' side quest that invite you to reconsider your actions. what more do you want? what game does even better? death march being'' incredibly easy'' is a drole statement. you will not convince me that you can slay'' * anything * in the game'' not even at level 10. unless you agree that playing a game include rolling around a small random encounter for 1h because you hit 2dmg and the thing instakill you with a fart. i agree though, by the endgame, nothing stand before geralt and a tweaking should have been in order. i don't understand what you mean by humans or creature not respecting the lore or atmosphere or mechanics... it's an rpg with elements of crafting... not a survival game, not a shooter ( gods know the crossbow sucks ), not a realistic battlefield combat simulator either... you wanted a realisticly easy to kill witcher that died a thousand death before even reaching novigrad to keep within the lore that no human ( even mutant ) is a real one man army? i don't grasp either what was so disapointing by the end. i do remember feeling a bit empty because i wanted the bloody game to go on after the last dlc... but not because i felt cheated or under entertained by the game. as in what other game offer more, it's not that important : i'll give you more. skyrim being more sandboxy allowed to play anyway you liked the game regarding combats and skills. that's a plus. there where loads of fetch quest with very thin padding though. i liked that any character could play any faction. by the end of the game, it felt completely out of place to be a magician orc leading a revolution while being master of a school while dualwielding axes though. the suspension of disbelief was broken for me by that point. mass effect was another great game, but not perfect either. i liked that you could play male or female and that it unlocked not only romace, but also quest ending regarding differents factions. the combat and skills being loose made it possible to specialize and play the way you wanted, without falling into the'' that's too much'' of skyrim. the dialogue option where lacking in choices, and often in clarity too. all in all, it's personal and all opinion can be voiced. i do feel one must bring some argument to back opinions though.
------
"on 11 march 1977, three years after making chinatown, polanski was arrested at jack nicholson's home for the sexual assault of 13-year-old samantha gailey, who was modeling for polanski during a vogue magazine photo shoot around the pool. polanski was indicted on six counts of criminal behavior, including rape.[113][115] at his arraignment, he pleaded not guilty to all charges. many executives in hollywood came to his defense.[116] gailey's attorney next arranged a plea bargain in which five of the six charges would be dismissed, and polanski accepted.[117]
at the time of the incident, nicholson was out of town making a film, but his steady girlfriend, actress anjelica huston, had dropped by unannounced to pick up some items. she heard polanski in the other room say "we'll be right out."[118] polanski then came out with gailey and he introduced her to huston, and they chatted about nicholson's two large dogs which were sitting nearby. huston recalled gailey was wearing platform heels and appeared quite tall.[118]
after a brief conversation, polanski had packed up his camera gear and huston saw them drive off in his car. huston told police the next day, after polanski was arrested, that she "had witnessed nothing untoward" and never saw them together in the other room.[118] gailey learned afterwards that huston had recently broken up with nicholson, but stopped by to pick up some belongings.[119]
polanski in 2007
as a result of the plea bargain, polanski pleaded guilty to the charge of "unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor,"[120][121] and was ordered to undergo 90 days of psychiatric evaluation at california institution for men at chino.[122] upon release from prison after 42 days, polanski agreed to the plea bargain, his penalty to be time served along with probation. however, he learned afterward that the judge, laurence j. rittenband, had told some friends that he was going to disregard the plea bargain and sentence polanski to 50 years in prison:[121][123] "i'll see this man never gets out of jail," he told polanski's friend, screenwriter howard e. koch.[124] gailey's attorney confirmed the judge changed his mind after he personally met with the judge in his chambers:
he was going to sentence polanski, rather than to time served, to fifty years. what the judge did was outrageous. we had agreed to a plea bargain and the judge had approved it.[124][125]
polanski was told by his attorney that "the judge could no longer be trusted..." and that the judge's representations were "worthless".[126] polanski decided not to appear at his sentencing. he told his friend, director dino de laurentis, "i've made up my mind. i'm getting out of here."[124] on the day before sentencing in 1978, polanski left the country on a flight to london, where he had a home. one day later, he left for france.[127][128]as a french citizen, he has been protected from extradition and has lived mostly in france since then.[129] however, since he fled the united states before final sentencing, the charges are still pending.
in 1988, gailey sued polanski. among other things, the suit alleged sexual assault, false imprisonment, seduction of a minor, and intentional infliction of emotional distress. in 1993, polanski agreed to settle with his victim. in august 1996, polanski still owed her <cur>604,416; court filings confirm that the settlement was completed by 1997 via a confidential financial arrangement.[130] the victim, now married and going by the name samantha geimer, stated in a 2003 interview with larry king that the police and media had been slow at the time of the assault to believe her account, which she attributed to the social climate of the era.[131] in 2008, she stated, "i don't wish for him to be held to further punishment or consequences."[130]"
[theres also a linked section dedicated to his criminal offenses in the section i'm quoting in the link i'm providing](<url>)
edited because me can't english unparently
------
> the entire belief system of that party is bigotry, discrimination, and decades of propaganda
this is definitely not true. these things 100% exist within the republican party, but judging an entire group that consists of millions of people by the worst members of that group is the height of bigotry, ignorance, and stupidity. it's also extremely reductive. political issues permeate every aspect of a person's life. when you attempt to label (again, tens of millions of different) people in such a simplistic way, you show how little understanding you really are of why people vote the way that they do. i wonder what you'd think if someone applied your logic to any other group of people in the country, and judged the entire group according to the beliefs and actions of the worst subsection of that group?
this is something the american right definitely does, too. they view the entirety of the american left as though they are radicals leftists such as campus liberals, anticapitalists, antifa, etc. in my view it's the biggest problem in american political discourse today.
how do you ever expect to have a dialogue with someone across the aisle if you go into any conversation assuming that anyone who disagrees with you is either (a) a moron or (b) just evil? that is without a doubt the absolute height of arrogance, and seems like the most toxic position i can possibly imagine from which to begin any discussion.
so, then, are you already set on abandoning any pretense of discussion, dialogue, or a return to american politics of the last hundred odd years? what, then, is your solution, short of civil war? this seems destined for failure for the left, as the right, by your own admission, is controlled by cutthroat people who have all of the money, who are controlling the people who have all of the guns. even in a best-case-scenario, the end result is likely the collapse of american society which paves the way for a global chinese hegemony, which any supporter of enlightenment ideals should view as far, far worse than even the most corrupt of republics.
>straddling the fence so you have a nice position to look down on everyone from.
i'm not straddling the fence, or looking down on everyone, any more than an adult straddles the fence/looks down on children when he sees them rolling around in the grass having a slap fight.
>inb4 you reply "this just proves my point"
do you recognize that putting this at the end of your post doesn't make it any less true? i've been seeing this type of font a lot on this sub in the past few days. is this the new strategy of the left, to just dismiss opposing points of view, as though being condescending about obvious truths will distract people from the fact that they're obviously true?
------
[nature digital medicine published our study last week, and it is open access](<url>). this publication had some delay after the [fda approved the ai-system, called idx-dr, on april 11 of this year](<url>).
after the approval, many physicians, scientists, and patients had questions about the safety of the ai system, its design, the design of the clinical trial, the trial results, as well as what the results mean for people with diabetes, for the healthcare system, and the future of ai in healthcare. now, we are finally able to discuss these questions, and i thought a reddit ama is the most appropriate place to do so. while this is a true ama, i want to focus on the paper and the study. questions about cost, pricing, market strategy, investing, and the like i consider to not be about the science, and are also under the highest regulatory scrutiny, so those will have to wait until a later ama.
i am a retinal specialist - a physician who specialized in ophthalmology and then did a fellowship in vitreoretinal surgery - who treats patients with retinal diseases and teaches medical students, residents, and fellows. i am also a machine learning and image analysis expert, with a ms in computer science focused on artificial intelligence, and a phd in image analysis - jan koenderink was one of my advisors. <phone> i was postdoc in tokyo, japan, at the riken neural networks research lab. i was one of the original contributors of imagej, a widely used open source image analysis app. i have published over 250 peer reviewed journal papers (h-index 53) on ai, image analysis, and retina, am past editor of the journals ieee tmi and iovs, and editor of nature scientific reports, and have 17 patents and 5 patent applications in this area. i am the watzke professor of ophthalmology and visual sciences, electrical and computer engineering and biomedical engineering at the university of iowa, and i am proud to say that my former graduate students are successful in ai all over the world. [more info on me on my faculty page](<url>).
i also am founder and president of [idx](<url>), the company that sponsored the study we will be discussing and that markets the ai system, and thus have a conflict of interest. fda and other regulatory agencies - depending on where you are located - regulate what i can and cannot say about the ai system performance, and i will indicate when that is the case. [more info on the ai system, called labelling, here](<url>).
i'll be in and out for a good part of the day, ama!
------
1. there are huge issues with confirmation bias, real bias in rape studies on campus. self-reporting is the first issue. the second is that they broaden the definition of sexual assault to a near meaningless state.
2. i found that women do lie and while it isn't all of them, it's more than 10%. the way they minimize the statistics is to include unreported rape. they also include "rape" where 2 people where drinking and one claims rape. they often give credibility to the rape, when it really should be looked as regret. the base i was at has changed their policy on dv. they army used to give the status, just at the claim of dv, but now does a serious investigation, because there was a real issue of getting the status and using it for custody of a child.
i've taken graduate classes to finish my master's. i actually posed the question why in so many instances they will dispute memory and witness statements for capital murder cases, but accept witness statements for rape or abuse with no evidence, except a he said she said. never got an answer, was accused of hating women.
1. i am still waiting to see how she is paying a price. maybe i would agree if she testified and they started digging up her exes and stuff. she plays her cards right and she can go out and make money on the speaking circuit. not only that, but her fb indicates that for her abortion is a major issue in her political worldview. this means she has incentive if she feels it will prevent a likely vote to over turn rvw. again, i have shown valid reasons for her to lie and not jump through hoops.
2. there isn't any corroboration, except one person who openly states she has no first hand knowledge of the situation. now there is another person who is saying ford named him as attending the party, but he wasn't there.
3. therapist story doesn't match her current claims. say what you want, but if the story changes, it's not credible.
4. removed the reason listed here.
5. you also left out that she was all for speaking about this till she was told it would be under oath and bk retained a really good defamation lawyer.
side note: rumors spread when i was in hs that i got a girl pregnant. i hadn't even had sex till after hs.
you forgot a major thing: fbi background check. he's been through it. i have too. literally, they had to talk to multiple friends from hs onward. they talked to my exes. this didn't appear anywhere before hand. when he came up as an appeals court judge, she had plenty of time to come forward. she didn't. i have also been interviewed for one. buddy from my base went to cag and i got grilled for 3 hours for a 6 month period of time i knew him and lived next to him.
i'm sure everyone would love to interview someone from 35 years ago. i'd like to see her testify and explain these issues.
right now, there is nothing giving this claim credence and it's why it would not affect anyone's clearance. it's also why the fbi declined to investigate it.
she is just trying to run out the clock hoping the midterms goes well for her political philosophy. that's why she wants a 3-6 month fbi investigation.
------
no need for insults when you're trying to have a productive conversation - it's also a bit off - brand and hypocritical with the points you're trying to make considering i've done or said nothing inappropriate or offensive to anyone. anyone flocking to my comment because they thought i'm promoting or validating racism is misinterpreting my statements and i shouldn't be criticized for that. i work in strategic consulting for major corporations and have sat in rooms where we've created strategies exactly like the one nike has done here. if you think nike'c decision to run this ad was even. 01 % based on being social heroes, then you are very naive. nike cares about one thing here : their bottom line. this ad campaign was very calculated, very low - risk, and filled with upside. as for kaepernick, he may have great intentions. he also may have been someone who realized he was no longer going to be a starting qb anywhere ( pre - kneeling ) and wanted to do something to stay relevant. i have no idea what influenced his decisions or how involved he's been on the strategic side of everything, either way he's getting a very nice payout while most people in his shoes per - kneel would've been lost in the irrelevance after their professional careers completely fell off. and no, don't try telling me that he was still a great player at the peak of his career like the picture that some women who have never watched an nfl game like to paint. as for the media and the social influencers, i do indeed think that they have painted a very very inflated picture by pushing out the few videos of people burning nike product in reaction to the campaign. they've managed to develop a picture that " white people are against nike because of this campaign. " just because a couple of extremists decided to do something to get on camera themselves. that is my current issue with everything here. it's not a direct representation of the reality of how 90 % + of people are thinking, yet that's the only side of the white reaction that our media pumps out. this creates tension, hatred, and arguments against people who don'a share that thinking and there's exclusively because of the picture that the media has decided to paint here. this is not the first time they've controlled a social narrative and it certainly won't be the last . and they also have a motive to do exactly that : volatility. when society is more volatile, the people are more likely to track the news and give them clicks and reads to see what the latest thing or group of people to hate is. to my original point, it's time to wake up and smell the coffee here and stop letting ad campaigns, politicians, news outlets, or corporate strategies influence the way that people view others before they even have a chance to get to the table to have a conversation. you opening your responses with insults is certainly never going to help anyone have a productive conversation that actually can drive us all together forward.
------
*this is about illegal powder/paste amphetamine but applies to adderall in the us too*
amphetamine is a tricky little substance.
the first few times you try it, often at a party, it feels amazing. you can do anything, talk to anyone, dance all night and unlike coke, you don't even have to redose.
this is amazing, you think. but you've heard how it's addictive, so you keep your use down. maybe once a month. maybe more, maybe less. you use responsibly, sparingly, when someone offers it to you.
then you have a party coming up. you think some amph would be nice for that but your friends who usually share with you won't be there.
so you buy your own for the first time. just a few grams. this will last you a long time, you think.
the party comes. you're on amph and it's amazing. while many people are drunk off their ass, stumbling around, you are in the perfect zone. you're having fun, you're hyped, you are a social god.
your thinking isn't impaired. it's clearer than ever. it's almost like you're more sober than sober. many of the girls are keeping their distance from the slurring drunk guys but they like talking to you. because you're sober. you seem sober.
you even get one or two numbers, maybe. but later, you wonder. did they like you or did they like the amphed up version of you?
you never talked this easily or confidently. you've never been the life of the party before. but on amph, you were just that. the best possible version of yourself.
and you have quite a bit more at home.
there's no parties scheduled for a while. you go to work during the week, like everyone else and like everyone else, you have days where you feel like shit. you didn't sleep enough, you argued with someone, your mood is down. well, just gotta push through and go on, right?
wrong.
you have something others don't. a cheat code. a way to turn the bad days into the best ones. you discover the potential of this drug for work, school or university.
man this really is the perfect drug you think. it's so versatile, you can use it both for work and to party, it's great. sure, the comedowns can be annoying and you notice you're losing weight due to eating less, but whatever. you were eating too much anyway.
at this point, the drug has already started to take control. but you never feel like that. see, the thing about amph is, it hijacks your brain's reward center. the brain associates the surges of dopamine with healthy, good activities. eating, socializing, sex. amphetamine.
you never feel like you're losing control because your brain is doing its best to tell you: this is good. keep doing this. it's healthy.
the rationalizing starts. you always manage to find some excuse to do some. your friends get worried and tell you to slow down but what the hell do they know? they're overreacting. after all, you could stop if you wanted to. you're in control. you're in control.
the comedowns get worse, the breaks get shorter. tolerance rises. the doses rise.
you notice that you're overdoing it. you make promises to stop. after this weekend. next week. next month. after that one big party. that one important work day. one last time. one more line. just one more line.
promises you know you'll never keep.
amphetamine is a tricky little substance.
------
thank you for your well thought out reply. i agree with some of your points, but i want to, again, state my opinions, as i think presenting differing points of view on any issue as complex can potentially be beneficial for the broader discourse. first of, would think the denial of the reality experienced by the suicidal person you describe is just a coping mechanism formed by people unable or unwilling to relate to the amount of suffering a suicidal person endures, but i do not condemn them for this, as everyone is, to a certain degree, trapped within their own perspective and frame of reference. because we are social animals, i would say that judging and evaluating the actions of others within us is a necessary process wich is always motivated by certain amount of selfish intent. second, i think we disagree in our reading of dr. black's comment. i did not see him denying the validity of mental suffering in his first paragraph, although on repeat reading i can see how you got that impression. however, i still disagree with your reading. i think his first two sentences even support your stance, he is just using the phrase'significant stressors'to describe the mental anguish you are talking about. i am not sure how we feel about your critique about the judgement of outsiders being necessary to determine how much an individual is suffering. on one hand i want to agree with you that the only one truly capable of judging it's condition is the suicidal individual itself. on the other hand, philosophy had proven that we live in a negative reality, and that our perception is flawed, which, in my opinion, would almost necessitate outside reflection of one's problems before being medically enabled to take the most drastic measure. finally, getting back to my disagreement with your reading, i would say that his second paragraph is applicable, no matter the nature of the suffering a person endures. also i think that he purposefully avoided any use of words like " healthy " to describe the people he is talking about, as to not marginalise the suffering of anybody. i still stand by my point that suicide without malicious purpose can, under these conditions, be unethical, but i feel like we agree on the fundamentals... and would just be arguing semantics. regardless, thank you for your time. it was quite difficult in formulate my thoughts on this, but i really enjoyed it and apologise for any mistakes i made in reading your, and writing my comment, as english is not my first language.
------
hello, i made this account just to respond to this. were you at university of cambridge or anglia ruskin? i cannot offer much advice if you were at the latter, but if you were at the former then you may know that you are not allowed to work as an undergraduate during term, when you are in residence (until signing exeat when leaving cambridge at the end of term); unless your tutor/dos were somehow deceived and you were able to juggle the immense workload as well as a job, or you were a postgraduate, they or the student body with whom you live in college 24/7 should have noticed. i assume you were a postgrad or ar student, as there aren't that many pubs in cambridge, and all are frequented by staff, so an undergrad working behind a bar would normally be pretty quickly discovered. if you indeed were at university of cam as an undergrad and working, this may have held you back from reporting this to someone at the university, but i assure you, though you would have gotten in some minor trouble for the job, the university would have been very glad you came forward (it doesn't matter that this was something in town rather than in university), and would have likely taken steps to either confront the pub owner or warn the tutors and perhaps student body about this.
if you were part of a college, whether as grad or undergrad, even if it is 10 years ago as you say, i strongly urge you to let, if you haven't yet, someone at the college, whether your old tutor, dos, or even the current senior tutor whom you may not have met (but who will really appreciate your being in contact), briefly know about the fact that this happened. i understand you may not want the bother, and may be scared about kicking up a fuss, but they will normally leave you alone and simply thank you for letting them know. i assure you that the colleges and university are very invested in what happens to their students while in residence, really want to know about things like this, and will take steps.
though i do not know how it works there, i am sure anglia ruskin has similar procedures.
all of this may sound silly, and it may also be silly i made an account just to say this, but behaviour like this isn't a one-off, and just on the off chance the pub owner is still around and you let the university know, it may save others from such - or even worse - behaviour. victims of unacceptable behaviour like this often feel silly or as if they are exaggerating when reporting such things, which is the unfortunate side-effect of a culture of victim-blaming and toxic masculinity: i really do hope you have reported or will report this. i am so very sorry that this happened to you, and hope you are having a wonderful career now.
------
this may be a little long but i feel like the background is necessary. my husband have been together about 6 years. we've spent the past 4 christmases here, either with my family or his. this will be our 5th. our families live in towns that are a 4 hour drive apart. when my husband and i decided to start spending the holidays together, we came up with the following arrangement : we would spend christmas eve with one family and christmas day with the kids. we would alternate years so that if his family want christmas one year, mine would get it the next year. the first year, my husband'his family expressed that it was really important that we spend christmas day with them and that we needed to arrive the evening of christmas eve so that we could wake up in the morning and do all the christmas morning activities with them. we spent christmas eve with my children and traveled straight from their house to drive to my husband's family's house. the second year, my husband's family said that they were fine with us spending christmas day with my parents but that we couldn't leave to go to my family's house until my husband's extended family stopped by on christmas day because " we don't know how long your grandparents will be around so you have to at least see them on christmas day. " we asked what time they were stopping by. his parents said 12. we asked if they could come by any earlier. his parents said no. we decided that this wasn't going to work because i usually help my family prepare food for the holidays and it would be extremely tight for time if we showed up at their place by 4 or 5. so, our second year, we spent christmas eve with our respective families and my family came to my parents'house at 7 pm on christmas day. the third and fourth years, we spent christmas eve with my parents and christmas day with his because it was really important to his family that he see his grandparents on christmas day. after christmas last year, my family expressed to me ( privately ) that they felt like we favored his family over mine when it came to the holidays. i told my husband that we really needed to go back to the original plan for splitting christmas, and that we needed to spend christmas day with my family this year. last week, my husband got a phone call from his parents. they said that his relatives didn't want to get together for christmas eve this year so they were just going to see each other on christmas day. my husband's parents said that we had to spend christmas day with them because, otherwise, we won't get to see his relatives. my husband has been pleading with me to change our plans so that we see his family on christmas day. i keep saying no because ( 1 ) i feel like it's unfair to my family because they bend over backwards to change their holiday plans for us, and ( 2 ) my parents will feel hurt. my husband says that i'm being unreasonable and that i'm preventing him from seeing his family. his parents have called me some choice words over this. i don't think i'm wrong but, when i've talked to friends about it, they have suggested that i just give in and change our plans. so... am i the asshole for insisting that we spend christmas with my family?
------
as a doctorate of psychology she is well aware that long term memory is simply unreliable. this isn't controversial. she says that regardless of how she feels her memory is not " 100 % " reliable and far from it. it doesn't matter if she feels certain either. feelings are not facts. when she represented her thirty five year old memory as 100 % accurate, that was a lie. ie she made a statement she knew was false. < url > > it is often assumed that memories of violent or otherwise stressful events are so well - encoded that they are largely indelible and that newly retrieved memories are likely to be accurate. however, findings from basic psychological research and neuroscience studies indicate that memory is a reconstructive process that is susceptible to distortion < url > > investigated 60 undergraduates'accuracy in testimony and identification following either a violent ( mugging ) or a nonviolent ( direction - seeking ) videotaped incident in which 1, 3, or 5 perpetrators participated. the relationship between ss'objective accuracy and their subjective feeling of certainty and correctness was also examined. testimony was less accurate following the witnessing of the violent incident, and the decrease in accuracy was a function of the increase in the number of perpetrators seen, especially under the violent condition. the accuracy of identification was very low, with only 27 % in ss making a correct identification < url > > the uncritical acceptance of eyewitness accounts may stem from a popular misconception of how memory works. many people believe that human memory works like a video recorder : the mind records events while then, on cue, plays back an exact replica of them. on the contrary, psychologists have found that things are reconstructed rather than played back each time we recall them. the act of remembering, says eminent memory researcher and psychologist elizabeth f. loftus of the university of california, irvine, is " more akin to putting puzzle pieces together than retrieving a video recording. " even questioning by a lawyer can alter the prosecution's testimony because fragments of the memory may unknowingly be combined with information provided by the questioner, leading to inaccurate information. < file > > by the time the trial began, jennifer thompson had absolutely no clue that she was raped by ronald cotton. she testified at the court hearing, and her testimony was compelling enough that it helped convict him. how did she go from, " i think it's the guy " and it " looks most like him, " to such certainty?
------
the viewers can see it due to illustration purposes. elemental chakra can be visualized because it's converted into an element. chidori in pt.1, was considered the only technique in which chakra is visible because it's too concentrated and turned solid. plus, about the design part, it still doesn't click tbh. if that's the case, then that'd mean sasuke doesn't have any control over his susano'o's shape; inspite of being the creator and it being his own chakra. add that to the fact, that he's a master of shape-manipulation, yet he can't mold the chakra as per his desires - not to mention if that was possible - his susano'o would've more than 4 arms, and can increase the number of arms as per his wish, and 4 arms are the maximum number he can create at the moment, which doesn't make sense if it's a chakra construct - as that'd go against everything we know in regards to spatial manipulation and chakra and sasuke's mastery over it. not to mention i wouldn't trust the unofficial translations or the wiki, since they are bound to have errors and 90% of the original japanese meaning is lost upon translation. so, for a certain point; trusting personal observations would be better. and, to address your physical energy point - chakra is a combination of physical and mental energies; but none of these are equatable to life-force, as it's specifically picked apart by the author and differentiated - as the uzumaki clan is renowned for gargantuan amounts of lifeforce. senju clan had high amounts of life energy according to the databook so there's that. a clear differentiation. since sasuke said all the cells in his body hurts, i'd assume the susano'o consumed his life energy. and, there's the fact that it's summoned from an another dimension, so it requires the life energy of the castor to sustain itself in the real world. also i don't think storing chakra in one's own physique like a container makes it chakra itself, in composition. we've have the fact, that gedo mazo is a chakra storing container, yet it isn't made of chakra. plus, the jugo example cements the fact - the shape and designs of it's weapons and on it's body has to do with it being not chakra; as when it took in jyuugo's chakra - it manifested the same facial features and bodily markings - juugo manifests - when he activates sage transformation. about the it filtering chakra; what happened was a whole different scenario than what is assumed actually. the moon's light that was used, is a special kind of light as it can penetrate through even shadows - and, the "shadows" being a reference to otherwordly dimensions and by extension - the summoned entities. susano'o an otherwordly creature, alone wasn't enough to block the light, which is why sasuke claimed that he ramped up his susano'o with his rinnegan, which is special unlike other versions, due to it closely resembling the rinne-sharingan, and the power of his rikudo enhanced susanoo and the tomoe rinnegan combined together; blocked the light. kyuubi's chakra isn't of the generic type - as we've seen, that recieving this chakra greatly boosts a techniques' power and a character's overall power i.e; all the stats - and the yang energy residing in naruto's cloak, reacted to existing mokuton and made it sprout trees. and, in pt. 1, i believe it was stated that the nine-tails were a 'spirit' that appeared in locations, which were filled with malice. so, even going by it's "chakra-storing" ability; it is still rooted in the fact that it interacts with spiritual entities and thier chakras.
------
that last point is what happens and has been happening throughout all of history. i fail to see how major adaptations to our society, especially the positive ones we hope for ( e. g. a stronger approach in law to social media / the internet, environmental standards, etc. ) could possibly be accomplished through solely bottom up movements organized by ordinary working class individuals. i guess it could, but it wouldn't be able to happen when it's necessary and as fast as it needs to be. some native american groups had systems in place where a decision would not be able to be made until everyone was at the table and everyone had the chance to speak in as long as they wished. while certainly democratic, it's more like they are known for being able to adapt fast under new, unwelcome changes in popular culture. nowadays, we are changing faster and faster as time revolutionizes the way we interact with one another. you will need people in place to put limits on facebook and google and keep our privacy in order without hurting our online freedom. these kinds of issues are insanely tough to deal with as a push towards freedom likely intrudes on our chance to keep our information private and vice versa. these are not decisions big groups of ordinary people are going to be able to make well. we need to put our faith in our ability to judge who the best people in our society are, and then elect them to have responsibility over all issues we cannot solve. i mean just as much as you put your faith in doctors, or your lawyer, so too do we need to start thinking of our politicians as experts and holding them to greater standards. it might be really tough, but if 90 % or more of a country's population voted in federal elections, as an example, all the politicians would raise their ears and realize that their public is interested in genuinely being more informed. i'm not honestly sure if there are limits to how much responsibility someone should or could have. in the most ideal circumstance, we would want to push people to take as much responsibility as they can reasonably manage. and how much they can'reasonably manage'is impossible to pin down unless you want to set limits on human potential. it's different than being able to say something like : " well a human being can only ever run x km / h, because after that our bones and muscles collapse ", and that's because responsibility is significantly more abstract than that and can't even be measured except through qualia. there is no limit to the amount of faith you can generate in yourself amongst other people, and so you are able to genuinely control big chunks of the world just because important enough people are will to trust you. i don't know how willing i am to say that this is bad. it just, is how it is?
------
hank aaron hired brian snitker in 1981 as a roving instructor. in 37 years he changed roles in the braves organization 19 times. today his underdog team clinched the nl east.
1977 - signed with braves as undrafted free agent. assigned to rookie ball as a catcher.
1978 - played a-aaa (all levels) of braves minor league system in 85 games.
1979 - played 75 games for aa-savannah.
1980 - played 21 games for aa-savannah and a-durham.
1981 - hired by hank aaron as a roving instructor.
1982 - managed a-anderson.
1983 to 84 - managed a-durham. his pitching coach was leo mazzone.
1985 - bullpen coach for atlanta.
1986 - managed a-sumter (david justice, mark lemke).
1987 - managed a-durham (kent mercker).
1988 to 90 - bullpen coach for atlanta.
1991 - coached a-macon (chipper jones).
1992 - managed a-macon (jason schmidt, brad clontz, tony graffanino).
1993 to 94 - coached rk-danville (jermaine dye, andruw jones, kevin millwood).
1995 - coached a-durham (randall simon).
1996 - managed rk-danville (jason marquis).
1997 to 98 - managed a-macon (bruce chen, odalis perez, marcus giles, horacio ramirez).
1999 to 01 - managed a-myrtle beach (rafael furcal, adam laroche, nick green, ryan langerhans).
2002 to 04 - managed aa-greenville (matt belisle, kelly johnson, adam wainright, jeff francoeur).
2005 - managed aa-mississippi (brian mccann, martin prado, gregor blanco).
2006 - managed aaa-richmond (peter moylan, brayan pena).
2007 to 13 - third base coach for atlanta.
2014 to 16 - managed aaa-gwinnett (mike foltynewicz, tommy lastella, mike minor, mallex smith).
2016 - named interim manager for atlanta in mid may.
2017 - managed atlanta after retaining job despite bud black, ron washington, terry pendleton, eddie perez, and bo porter interviewing for the position.
2018 - braves players led by freddie freeman ask braves front office to retain snitker for 2018 and not seek out new manager. snitker retained. it was widely presumed new gm would seek out replacement for 2019.
2018 - projected to finish fourth in the division, braves win nl east title, the first nl team to clinch the division. since assuming role of interim manager in 2016, snitker led braves teams led mlb in comeback victories. snitker the likely nl manager of the year.
numbers
41 seasons in the braves organization (37 as non-player).
in 4 seasons as a minor league player, played at every level (5 teams).
after initial hiring as an instructor, snitker would change roles in the organization 19 times.
managed at every level in the minor leagues in 10 different cities.
managed his first minor league team when ronald acuna sr. was 3 years old.
has been under 7 different general managers since 1981. all 7 retained him.
------
> going in detail into it would be far too long, but it's personal preference underneath in any case, even with religion. definitely not personal preference with my religion. it has existed for thousands of years and has parts in it that i would leave out if it was about my personal preference. > deciding that you're going to follow god's authority is a personal, subjective decision of yours. ultimately it's you who decides that god is worth following, and nothing really stops you from deciding otherwise. this is true to an extent. my beliefs are deeply engrained in who i am and have been instilled in me by the culture i was raised in. i can't choose not to believe in god any more than you could choose to. that's not how belief works > you could write " god exists, god wants everything, but i simply don't care ". i could say it, but can't control the caring part. i have tried. i have probably read more atheist books than 90 % of the population. i have lived as hedonistically as anyone i know, but i could never convince myself i was right in doing so. > if you're willing to bring up the absolute bit, that's a conclusion you reached with your own quite imperfect brain, and it could have been a different one from that. you'll have to explain this comment for me to properly respond. if you mean that i don't perfectly understand absolute truth then i wholeheartedly agree. if you mean that i reached the conclusion that absolute truth exists, this is true and so did most people, though their opinions on what it is vary wildly. > well, we do have crime, don't we? it would be much worse in a nihilistic world. read nietzsche, he articulates this much better than i could. > but i look at it rather optimistically. law couldn't restrain us all if we really wanted to ignore it, and during the day we get more opportunities to infringe on privacy. eg, if people were only restrained from littering through law enforcement, and there are many times and places when we can be sure this won't be a problem. if fear of consequences was all there was to it, cities would make huge dumps of toxic waste. fear and selfishness restrain us. if the benefit we gain outweighs those our interests are out the window. > for the life of me i cannot understand how an atheist couldn't see this and view religion at the very least a useful fiction and seek to preserve it. given the amount of theists in prison, and that heavily atheistic countries do perfectly fine, it just sounds to me like a nice fiction theists like to tell themselves than an actual reality. i never said that religion makes people perfect, nor that all atheist are murdering rapist. you are probably a better person than me. that doesn't change the fact that i would be much worse if i didn't have my faith, nor does it rule out the possibility that you would be better yet if you shared my faith. > looking at the world, religion isn't doing much to stop rape and murder. false > in fact some very religious places have truly disturbing amounts of those. true. and those are bad religions and should be abolished.
------
i was in some electric restaurant prevalent around the 90s like tgifridays, bennigans, one of those. has garage sale shit on the walls for decor. i was sitting next to a column that had some photo taken of a little girl's portrait like say 1920. saying though, " i bet she's dead now. if not, what would she think of her old picture being used by a place like this for mere decor? who buys this stuff? where do you get it from? " i thought of myself, age 7 or so, at a friend's birthday party. it's at a pool. me, a few friends, we get a group snapshot taken with an old kodak 110. film roll gets developed. a stack of photos are kept in the paper envelope that came in from the drug store that developed them. " steve's 7th birthday party " is written in ballpoint pen on the outside. it is 1975, and the photo shows me grinning while eating a nutty buddy ice cream treat. 1978, the pictures are put in a box that sits in a closet for a few years. steve's dad gets a job far away. they move. steve and i will never see one another again. 1985, the photos are looked at for the last time by steve's mom. two years later, she dies from brain cancer. 1991, steve's dad starts selling all the photos. things get rearranged by who's in them, and not very well organized at that. the photo with me in it is considered uninteresting, and filed away in some other box as " extras, my kids. " this box gets buried under a lot of stuff from the garage. 1997, after steve's dad's funeral, steve's younger sister angie agrees to go through all the belongings. the house is sold, and while the remaining family take all the choice items, a group of unsorted belongings are either tossed, donated, or put it a storage van. the photos are saved, to be sorted at some unspecified time. 2008, angie's second husband is a bit of chicken flake, and his card gets declined which becomes paying for the storage unit. the unit goes into default. the unit is broken into by the landlord who sells the lots at auction. an antique hunter by the name of brandon has an unusual fondness for old photos. he buys the lot for him ##ies. he looks at all the faces, and decides one of the pictures with me in it will be nice to scan, touch up, alter a bit, and put up as stock photos which he gets the royalties to. 2030, brandon dies, and his hoarder house is condemned. everything is trashed and the photo of me is one of the few survivors, having been up on the internet for 22 years. brandon's account is closed, but the photos live on in archives. 2051, i have been dead for many years. but my 7 year old face along with the other kids in the photo ends up in an online archive of sorts, but gets mislabeled as " memories from the 1960s. " it is now public domain. an artist uses a scan of the image as part of a monument to humanity that is put on an orbiting space hotel. my face stares at millions of patrons from a lobby for decades. 2185, the hotel is scrapped for parts. the monument is cut up and sold for scrap. my digital scan survives as an " odds and ends " that is used to patch a wall of a building on the lunar surface. no one paints over it because it is not public facing. 2226, during lunar renovations, the panel is seen by human eyes for the first time in decades. a private collector frames it as an interesting dash of faded nostalgia where it hangs in his palace at tycho crater. 2250, during a massive media collaboration, the art piece is cross referenced to the old public domain archive, and is used in some school reference material directly scanned into " shadows, " a kind of digital presence where humanity and knowledge are fused in a way that i could never explain in 2018 terms that would make sense. it's almost like a digital organ that connects all consciousness to the human collective. humanity no longer exists primarily as matter, but as extensions of data patterns like a digital dna that can take on many forms as required. the forms that make " eyes " see the scan of the old photo, taken at a friend's birthday party, but has no frame of reference to conceptualize what it meant to be human, made of fragile organic matter, eating a nutty buddy in front of a pool in 1975.
------
> if somebody is making the opposite assumption i think it's a mistake to assume either way. it might not even be either / or. i once had a girl i'd had sex with accuse me of raping her when we were both in high school. she didn't make a public accusation, but told some of her friends and it eventually worked itself through the grapevine. i confronted her about it, and asked why she was making up lies. her response was " i'm not lying. " we wound up meeting with one of our counselors and a teacher to address it. it turns out neither of us was lying, we had just had very different experiences. she came over to my house when my parents were there. she initiated making out, and it led to sex. it was entirely consensual. i asked if it was ok and she answered one word " yes. " dear me, we had a good time. but that isn't the opinion she had. she liked me and came over to make out but was not ready for sex. she didn't want to have sex with me. she had only had sex with one other person that it'd dated for years since middle school. but once we got going, she said she didn't know how to stop it. she wanted me to like her and said she never expected it would go that far because she didn't think i was " like that. " she said that she felt pressured that she had to let come because things had already let things go so far. she regretted it, said she felt " dirty and vulnerable " and wished it had never happened. said she couldn't stand being around me because of it. now, could i do anything wrong? i don't think so. the teacher and counselor didn't think i'd done anything that violated an rules or laws. i thought she came over to have sex and we had sex. i thought it both enjoyed it. but is she lying? it was, i honestly believe, a terrible experience for her. it probably felt exactly like rape to her. she kept pulling my face down for me to kiss her neck. i took that as enthusiasm and passion, but she was just trying to prevent us from making eye contact. i's not sure i can blame her for describing the experience as it felt to her. she said she didn't think i'd done anything illegal, but that i was asshole she never should have trusted and the she hoped no one made the same mistake she did by letting themselves be alone with me. she adamantly refused to back down from the claim that she was raped because what she experienced was rape. after hearing her side, i felt really bad for her, but was absolutely steadfast that our sexual encounter was consensual and she willingly participated. she said she participated because she was trapped, surprised, and didn't know what else to do. ugly situation and there were no winners. these things aren't always cut and dry " one of these people is lying " situations.
------
resume : i was raised a catholic, never had faith. i didnt want to be atheist because i think there is much knowledge in religion, but i'm not able to develop faith in anything. i think atheism is not a choice for me. - - - - - - - - - - - - just a little background. i'm 21 and was raised in a catholic family, but since i was a child, i never had faith. from my early teenage years to this point in my life, i was almost all of the time ok with not believing but i dont want to be an atheist because i think that ignoring all the knowledge created by mankind in millenia of existence because of western science, a kind of knowledge that only existed for a couple of seconds, and the pinacle of arrogance i do think science was a great accomplishment to mankind - well at least to a part of it - but to me, religious and mystical knowledge is as valid as science when it comes to understanding and explaining reality i took a very long journey to come to this conclusion and i am a very skeptical person, but i'm convinced of that. overall i think that to live without religion is to live a life limited, because the sole reliance on science to answer the questions that haunted mankind for millenia is limiting on its own. science can't explain everything and never will, only in the space of my lifetime but despite all of this, when it comes to actually believing in religion, i just can't do it i can't stop questioning stuff i read or hear, even when i get truly moved by something religious i'm reading about - be it from a pagan perspective, christianity or even islam i cried several times when talking to people that claimed to be possessed by spiritual entities - see for the religion umbanda for more on this - because what they said resonated with my life so much, and i didnt even knew that people... i've talked while listening to the koran and felt amazing things meditating in a buddhist temple but even after all of this, i just can't believe... i question things, my head comes up with skeptical explanations even when i'm not trying not make them and i have a really hard time accepting the idea that one culture or religion held the truth over the other - i study anthropology so this relativistic mindset is kind of convenient for what i need to study so i wanted to ask you guys, do you think you chose to be atheist, or somehow you were always inclined to not believing? have you ever tried to be religious or to have faith? i think that atheism is not a choice to me.. having faith is something that i think i cannot develop, even if i try really hard, as i did several times what do you think? is someone else here that is not ok with being an atheist for similar reasons?
------
imo, if you'm going to assume that you're going to have access to multiple guns, it would make sense to optimize them for separate purposes. \ > but iiia armor if you're facing someone with body armor, the solution is to have a team. you have an astronomically low chance of survival even with actual military grade ap ammo versus a group of unknown origins having intent with body armor, because if you don't have a team and observed perimeter, you don't have shit. even with a team, you'll at a disadvantage because your place is static and they have to being seen before you even know that they're there in the first place. \ > body armor the primary wounding effect against ar500 steel plate is not actually penetrating the plate itself ( you won't, except with large caliber ap ammo ; this is mainly because ar500 formed into armor plates are often curved, which will tend to bounce / deflect 5. 56 steel tips ), but fragmentation from the round splattering against the target. the " spall liner " will only stop perhaps 2 rounds of any rifle round before it tears off from the frags shearing the liner to pieces. even a iiia vest with plate inserts will be rapidly shred to pieces by rifle fragments, which happens to be kevlar's primary weakness ( fiber shearing from sharp edges ). in that case you want more lead with more energy so that it throws faster, larger chunks up into their jaw / neck. you also want a larger round so that it will frag the items on the carrier itself ( guns, etc ) more easily. against ceramic, this still has an advantage of putting more force into the composite, which will pop / crack ( as it's intended to ) and then be made ineffective, versus intermediate calibers where it may absorb more hits before failure. this would point toward using your ar - 10 instead for that purpose.. yours also does much better through intermediate barriers with standard ball, and is vastly inferior with ap. \ > stockpiling m193 makes a better general purpose round because it yaws more readily ( making that more useful against unarmored targets and medium game ) and frags as well or better than m855 against plate, which makes it as useful against armor wearing armor that cannot be reasonably penetrated in one or even a series of shots under the circumstances. \ > pc ##c while this works for home defense purposes it doesn't scale as well for defense in this situation, because you can't always dictate range or whether or not the target has armor ( in this case, soft armor and hard armor can both absorb a decent amount of 9mm even with an 16 " barrel, and a combination of the two would make it ineffective entirely ). this is exactly why pccs / smgs have fallen out of favor compared to intermediate carbines in the first place. it also assumes that you're going to have equal access, whereas i'd wager that you'd probably choose one or the other for general carry. you would choose the ar, which would favor a more generally useful round out of it. \ > you do you, i'll do me which is fair enough.
------
sigh... if you weren't so predictable this would be a lot more entertaining. can't you change up your routine man? not only is it asinine dribble, but it's tired. > that'd be pretty weird, considering i'm bi ( and fine with it ) and was named after a gay uncle. i mean, as far as i know you're just making this up in order to give yourself more information, but i'll give you the benefit of the doubt. regardless, as i'm sure you'd agree with me that white people can be racist against white people, bisexuals can be homophobic towards homosexuals. > nope. i actually grew up with jewish grandparents and there it is right on our lol. > you can go through that thread and see how i m asking people to describe how the anti - russian narrative is any different from so - called " nazi " hate speech against the jews, because from my perspective i see them as essentially 1 : 1 not only is that not evidence of you not being antisemitic, but it's a false equivalence lol. you acknowledging nazi hate speech against jews doesn't mean you can't dislike them. many nazis do acknowledge it. as for your false equivalence, liberals don't hate the russian people, just their government. surely you who so vehemently despises israel's government but is supposedly not antisemitic would agree that hating a government is not the same as hating its people, correct? > < url > aww that's cute, you replaced the word israeli with russian. unfortunately, half of that is propagandist dribble with your clearly biased agenda, and the other half wasn't even relevant. who gives a shit if 13 senators have dual israeli citizenship? and no, american soldiers have not been dying for israel since 1970, or any year prior. > you can't explain why me naming people like this or this anti - white is any more " paranoid " than you or / u / verysecretcactus calling / u / ultimaregem a " nazi ". rofl. i thought we were talking about the people investigating trump, not some nyt reporter. since when does sarah jeong reflect the attitudes of mueller? btw, you're very mistaken if you think i don't despise the clear and racist attitude of sarah jeong. in one of the threads on this sub, i lambasted the nyt for its clear double standards in not firing that racist piece of shit. she's anti - white, and ultimaregem is a nazi. it's that simple. > you don't get to have it both ways. you don't get to say that talking about white gentiles in a certain way is okay, but talking about other nationalities or ethnic groups in the same exact way, that's unacceptable because " fuck you, you were born wrong ". guess what that is? a double standard. and it's a double standard that is anti - white.... good thing i never said that then? nor do i want it both ways? racism against white gentiles is just as bad as racism against jews, blacks, muslims, and so forth. i'm not like those progressive shit stains, my morals are quite consistent. regardless, progressive double standards is not evidence that the russia investigation is anti - white. mueller is not anti - white, and i've seen no evidence that his team is. > i don't even know what the fuck you're talking about right now. you know exactly what i'm talking about. you argue that companies like youtube, facebook, or twitter banning someone like alex jones is censorship and authoritarian. it is neither. those companies are exercising their right to freedom of association. if they don't want to associate themselves with shit stains like alex jones, they are under no obligation to do so. > fuck you, you fucking racist piece of shit. once again, right on cue. please, [ read this. ] ( < url > ) get some new material, and come back when you're not robotically spouting the same old lines. > as far as i'm concerned, you basically just called me a kike or nigger. actually, i basically just called you a homophobe, antisemite, and a nazi. try to keep up will you.
------
> but information was provided for everybody through the same channels, only some people acted on it and some didnt. thats > not the faiure of the market, thats the failure of the participant. it doesn't work like that. either everyone has the same information at the * * same time * * or they don't. the sum of participant behavior is the market, so a market has failed if the participants make bad decisions. that's literally the definition of market failure. > even if anet would have put a banner right across the screen when you log in after the patch that you will need 25 sigils to > complete the armor collection, it wouldnt have made a difference to the prices they currently have. it would have with sufficient notice and supply. the other part of the problem is that the gw2 market violates the principle that no one person should be able to personally shift the market price. > so, i would be correct in your opinion, what you think would have been the right and the wrong decision for a > market participant in this scenario. correct ethical decision : buy 25 sigils immediately. correct amoral decision : buy as many sigils as possible, immediately. > from your comments i gather that you think that those speculators are bad for the free market and their actions are morally > questionable. i cant deny that many other users actually agree with you but i dont. > those speculators were willing to pay more than the vendor, when the majority of the player base would just sell these items > to the vendor and destroy it. this actually has a great analogy to people who charge < cur > 10 for batteries in a hurricane, which is classified in some places as price gouging, and some economists cheer for. evaluating what takes each bit of nuance. anyone who has kept a bank account of these sigils waiting for their time to shine has actually helped everyone, and should be responsible for their contribution to the community with piles of gold. but there are also plenty of people who saw the requirements, thought, " well, no one should be allowed to have fun without paying me first, " and bought existing sell orders to relist them. they sent zero additional sigils to the market, they simply used liquid capital to step in and parasitically drain energy from others. > if something doesnt work for your ability level, it can act as incentive to raise your ability level. if all participants, regardless of their abilities get the same return, why would anybody bother to raise it? it's a game. it is supposed to be fun, not an ayn rand dystopia where a handful of elitists sit on golden thrones and laugh at the peasants below. moreover, the game is saving tyria from the dragons, not trading materials futures. anet should not put their next set of armor behind people proving they can run a 8 minute mile irl either, because while every person without a diagnosed medical condition should be able to run that fast, it's a stupid distraction from having fun engaging with the game's main mechanics. besides, if we define something as'good'regardless of consequences, the term means nothing. " well, sure, this medical treatment fails 99. 9999 % of the time, but that's just because most people don't have enough grit! " is a self - evidently wrong thing to say. this is the same thing.
------
maybe i can shed some light on this, especially since i'm stationed in hawaii. all branches talk hell. i have friends and brothers in different branches and different moss but we all talk mad shit. it just comes with the territory. where people cross the line, however, is when they start talking bullshit based on stories they never experienced. for example : i hate tracks, as you's seen, and i can relay my stories of misery and woe to your navy friends and they will shoot back with being trapped on a ship ( did that once, i don't know how they do it for months at a time ) but i gotta know when i'm out of my depth because as bad as it ever was for me, i've never been shot at or blown up. so when my saltier friends come down and tell me it could be worse, regardless of their branch or mos i better respect that. as for being trapped in hawaii. no two ways about it, that shit sucks. i know what you're thinking - - it's hawaii! let me try to illustrate my duty station. we are not allowed to leave our island without special requested that are totally and arbitrarily at the discretion of people much higher up the chain of command. our op tempo is 12 months in garrison, six months deployed, repeat. our marines barely have time or opportunities to attend their advanced schools to become more proficient in their mos and be better leaders and more effective in their roles. you get pre - deployment leave, post - deployment leave, and christmas leave but if christmas coincides with pre - or post - deployment you're going to spend 11 months on island without seeing home and when you can go home you're spending < cur > 1000 - < cur > 1300 to get back to the east coast ( in my case, at times. ) during your work up you can't do any practical or meaningful training on island so instead you're going to do busy work bullshit that doesn't really benefit anyone except the new lts that need to get up to speed on how to be grunts. then you'll leave the island for months at a time to live in the field because it takes a lot of time and effort to transport and entire battalion for training. then you deploy to okinawa and the surrounding area to train some more. you're training all year but go or train in another country for six months to come back, get a boot drop, and start all over again. so we end up having one of the highest op - tempos in the marine corps with no real tangible goal, at least not the the lance corporal level. it feels like training to train. then you get the assholes that exist in every unit that go out and get in fights with the locals ( who hate us ) or drive drunk so now the whole company is getting punished and the tiny amount of freedom you had is gone. it's not like you can get in your car and drive out of town for the weekend to get away from it all, you're stuck on this tiny, cramped island where a gallon of milk costs < cur > 7. guys talk shit for any number of reasons but hawaii marines talk shit because it just sucks to live there and at the end of you're enlistment you're burnt out with nothing to show for it.
------
> that's not quite what i meant. just that software patterns are typically a bit more cookbook - like, and are extracted from successful projects. this might be a bit wooly when compared with flyweight or mvc. that's true in a way, most structures are much more established than what i have now, but it's still early to call this a well - established pattern. for now it seem more of a model for state machines than a conventional and generic software development pattern. my original justification for calling it a design pattern is that it can cross language boundaries and be executed in any turing - complete language with the proviso of object / dictionary support or the presence of a similar feature. > and to be clear you are modelling some aspects of evolution, at a relatively high level of abstraction, not implementing evolution in software. that's a really important distinction - the map is not the territory, and all that. yes, because i haven't call this a suitable approach for genetic algorithms, since the action blocks are treated as discrete / fixed units with fixed behaviours that can't be mutated by flipping a bit in a bit - string. while theoretically possible with javascript, this has very low chances from successfully altering the state without rendering the code syntactically invalid. unless we introduce a syntax - aware mutation algorithm to mutate the ast meaningfully and / or respond to specific rules that are normally enforced in natural evolution by the laws of physics governing which amino - acids are physically possible at what position in a dna / rna strand. the only possible mutation available right now is exchanging activation conditions between two given actions, which is very weak in applications of ga development. ( i have spotty knowledge here so please excuse any shortcomings in nomenclature or scientific inaccuracy on my part in the above paragraph. i study artificial life as a hobby i enjoy and nothing more ) the recombination aspect is still useful though, but with how simple it is... compose a new state machine out of two distinct behavioural variables in the reference implementation with a single call :'const machine3 = machine1. recombine ( machine2 ) '. the new'machine3'will exhibit the behaviour of both parents simultaneously. ( with the possibility of emergent behaviour ) [ basic tests for recombination ] ( < url > ) i'm writing a new, practical example that will use recombination in a meaningful manner, just give me a bit and i will post it here. > but if we're going to go that route, does it out - perform simulated annealing? most ga approaches don't. you may want to look at the gp literature - i think gp is closer in spirit to what you're trying to achieve than ga is. genetic programming would be a better umbrella for this to fall under, so i agree on that.
------
edit : [ link to op ] ( < url > ) hey everyone, first among all, i'd like to thank everyone for the messages and comments on my last post, it truly helped me get off the bed and face the day. he showed my bf the last post bc i just didn't know how i could say it. he was very sad and upset but being asexual he has had his fair number of assholes, but he mostly stayed angry for me and agreed with the majority of advices that i should confront her. we decided a letter would be the best choice since i actually write a lot of letters and it's not direct confrontation. i like writing letters for moments ( like, letters for when the person is sad, happy, angry, scared, ect ) so i do have no techinique but this was, with no doubt, the hardest things i ever wrote. i decided to go for the simple and blunt. told her i heard what they said about me and while i was willing to work on our relationship, i needed distance from her and this whole situation. i talked with my landlord ( lady? ) and she was super sweet and had no problem breaking the lease, i offered to find someone to take up my post but apparently she has someone that could use the room so that's cool i intended to pack and put the letter on her bed but she came home early and caught me. i basically said fuck it to myself and told her i heard them saying i wasn't good enough and calling me names. first she tried to deny, which i wasn't having it, then she tried to justify and say i was overreacting but i just stared at her. then she finally started to apologize and cry. at that moment i actually thought we might be able to save the relationship but then she started making herself the victim. the main points were 1 - girls just can't understand how hard it is to be pretty ( not even kidding ) 2 - i don't understand how she feels bc i'm used at not being the best 3 - she's not fair i get a gorgeous bf, who is completely out of my league while she's single 4 - she feels embarassed when we go out together and she has to tell people that my bf is actually mine, not hers 5 - she knows asexuality doesn't help and we're doing this just for attention. i just kinda froze, i wish i had said something but i couldn't open my mouth. she then said she was going out to " recover from our traumatic conversation " and left. i just packed the rest of my things and left the letters on her bed. i'm currently at my bf's place but i'm looking for a free room that is not super far from my job. i also wrote and sent letters to my " friends " a and then blocked their social media / contacts. i'm certain they'll find a way to approach me as we work close but i can't give a fuck. besides all of that, last friday i had dinner with my parents, i gave them an edited version of what happened ( bc i don't wanna talk about my sex life ) and that i broke the lease / blocked my friends. they said i shouldn't be angry bc it was true and that the first time they met my bf they thought i was playing a prank. my dad then started saying i was veing selfish by breaking the lease and, i shit you not, betraying my sister trust and that you don't do this with family. so yeah, i've been ignoring them since this happened, as well as my sister. overall, i'm fine, i actually feel more tired than angry or sad tl ; dr : talked with my bf, it went well. talked with my sister, didn't go well. moved out. talked with my parents, they said i'm selfish
------
no, you can't say the same there. that's not how confessions work. she admitted to her plan to kill carol and then kill the champions. her stated reason of blaming carol for it all does not factor into the confession. again, you are trying to absolve her of her own bullshit evil actions just to make carol look like the bad guy when she is not. and you mistake my defense of carol as a defense of civil war 2. i despise the event because it tries so very hard to paint carol as a monster when she literally does nothing wrong. in the context of the universe, the story, everything that happens, the worst thing she does is play bad cop for a hot minute against a suspected terrorist suspect who turns out to be a terrorist after all later. i'm not assuming cw2 is a good story, i'm making a clear cut defense for carol danvers actions in a story that is flat out terrible and trying to drag her through the mud which is what every single one of her haters keeps doing! sally killed rhodey, she killed bruce, she threw people into concentration camps, she was trying to arrest miles at the capitol building, she didn't give the accused trials, she had criminal oversight, greene was innocent, all of these claims are complete and total bullshit! your story being bad does indeed excuse people for lying about what happens in it and trying to turn carol danvers into a monster! this is going in circles at this point as we clearly have different interpretations of who allison greene is. you're trying to blame carol for the actions of another person, i'm stating that she is a grown woman who seems capable of making her own horrible evil decisions who was clearly a terrorist from the start. we're not getting anywhere at this point on this. there are three very clear points right now me want to make that are very plain, very simple which should be considered as stated fact. 1 : carol did not kill james rhodes. 2 : carol did not kill bruce banner. and 3 : tony stark started the conflict when he attacked the triskelion, an act of terrorism, escalating it even further when he later assaulted carol danvers with the intent to kill. those are three very simple, plainly obvious facts, regardless of the quality of this event, which was garbage for many reasons. mainly because it fails to represent both sides accurately, does not understand what profiling is, cannot properly state what ulysses powers are and how they function and relies too much on a previous just as shitty event to sell issues more than being its own thing. there are more problems, but that does not make carol danvers the bad guy here, no matter how hard the story tries to portray her in the wrong, everything tony does is ten times worse and makes him the villain even if the story tries to insist he is not. so unless we can come to some kind consensus concerning those three facts, i'm not sure what else there is to talk about.
------
yes! this so much. sometimes i can't even finish reading some of these posts when op's are telling about all this horrible, borderline unrealistic stuff their partners have done. unrealistic because you're thinking in your head while you're reading that you'd have never let your so even think about getting away my first 2 bad things let on the whole list 16 things you've just read & you're getting all mad, in your feelings, caught off & twisted getting ready to set it off godfather style in your head if you were ever in that situation & your so already knows that if he ever even had an uncontrollable dream that he was thinking about trying to get away with something like this he'd wake the hell up in nightmare mode drenched in sweat bleeding out hoping like hell he can sneak out without waking you so he can go hide somewhere where he'll order a new red card & get a secret job to pay for it so he can send away roses every single day until you forgive him for thoughtlessly having such a dream. then my op will ask " should i forgive him for screwing my mom in front of his dad while my cousin lucy watched & he punched me in the face for having the audacity to ask him how he could screw my mom especially on my birthday which also happens to be our anniversary because i remember that was my present that year was getting the privilege to marry him but i really love him & it's kinda my fault i shouldn't have asked it's only the 237th time in the past 2 that we've been married that he's done this i really think he can change cause when he screwing my sister i hung in there & gave it time & after only 317 times of doing that he completely stopped everything was good for a whole week before i started overtime to help the pay for the loan he took on our home he inherited from my uncle bob marley to pay the loan shark back for gambling debts since he can't work cause he cut the tip of his pinky finger off 7 yrs ago & it still hurts him daily i think i'm gonna stay for the sake of those kids he's gonna impregnate me with one day "....... all of a sudden you bust out laughing thinking whoa she really got me i thought she was serious but clearly it's a joke....... except it's not. i'm so proud this op has enough self value for it not to be that kind of post. i got scared for a minute when she was saying he was telling her he only had sex with her best friend to get her leave him alone cause he doesn't like her & she was trying to get with him before they even got together so he's asking her to forgive him.
------
> then you would know that the ot is full of power and wisdom, and it is a necessary part of scripture and morality and is no less true than the new. it is the story of creation and salvation leading up to the coming of the son. the ot scriptures absolutely point to christ. yes it is full of hyperbole and metaphors, but that doesn't mean it isn't true. so you are saying you confirm with the person i was responding to that god is a homicidal maniac? because that is literally the view of a lot of ot based sects of christianity. that was my entire point. and yes the ot has important stories but they are not essentials for living life as a catholic. catholicism largely based it's views of life and morality on jesus, not the ot. > and " jesuit catholicism " isn't a thing. there is only catholicism. you are arguing semantics. i put " jesuit " to identify that it is different than a typical parish. just like a franciscan / jesuit will identify as a franciscan / jesuit as a means of clarifying. > jesuit spirituality isn't primarily supposed to be politically progressive, its focus is seeing god in every aspect of life. in what way does progressive no matter what they mean politically progressive? pope francis being the first jesuit pope was a big deal and had immediate impact as he was more progressive. > it involves a great deal of mysticism, deep mental prayer, and self - discipline following the teachings and methods of orders. ignatius and loyola. yes i am very aware. i grew up at a prestigious jesuit high school and every week we did the examen. in addition i took a religious meditation class there. > all catholics are required to believe with the church on moral teaching as their component of being in perfect communion with the church. and we are not required to acknowledge that god is an intimidating murderer who will condemn you to hell for being a sinner. but i do get a kick at you calling god " not a catholic " which further proves the point of someone else in this thread that a lot of catholics are more focused on trying to discredit other catholics. i'll respond to the discrediting, i've met an extremely large number of people in my life who follow jesus's example through acts of love and kindness than those who go to church and intently follow the ot. just looking at this situation, i comment to someone that i recommend them to check out a different group in the catholic church than their parish in order to help them in seeing a better side of the church. then you come in attacking me for semantics. what good are you doing to help him or me? all you're doing is making catholics look bad.
------
i definitely appreciate your approach to this discussion and i totally agree there seems to be a misunderstanding between us.
many of our dams throughout the u.s.a. have been very successful in terms of what they were initially designed for (irrigation supply, hydropower, floodplain alteration, etc.). yes, we have definitely been able to alter and in some cases control river hydraulics. in some cases, these changes are still in place an there doesn't appear to be any indication that our systems are failing. there are several major dam projects that serve as prime examples of these accomplishments.
the problems i was referencing aren't exclusively related to dams, but there are some examples that can be related to various dams. just last year the oroville dam failed. i'll admit that this dam was underfunded and in need of repairs/design alteration, but that is part of the challenge associated with controlling our rivers. we need to maintain the river control structures or they fail and we no long maintain control.
i guess i should have better emphasized my interpretation of "long-term." you are absolutely right that we have been able to alter the hydrology of various river systems. the issue is that altering is easier than controlling. there is often, but not always, too much change carried through a river system for our designs to hold longterm. just about any alteration to a river system is going to change how the water flows through the channel bed. over time, these changes will cause erosion in various areas that can cause the river to jump/change channels from the original flow path. before satellite imagery it was a lot harder to track these changes, but now we can easily map the divergence of river systems over 100s of years. some of these changes are intentional and some of them occur opposite to what we had hoped for.
we definitely have a massive impact on the behavior of our river systems, but we haven't always been in control of the changes we've caused. one of the major issues we face today is that many of our dams have reached the end our their expected "safe operational period." if we don't decide what to do with these dams, they could very well remove themselves (in some cases).
didn't mean to come off as if i was criticizing your opinion or denying that we have done a hell of a job building dams on most of our rivers. i believe we both have similar opinions on potential solutions to our current situation. thanks for the opportunity to discuss. best wishes!
------
bible verses who are really bad towards women : " and the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father : she shall be burnt with fire. " ( leviticus 21 : 9 ) " when men strive together one with another, and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband and of the hand of him that smiteth him, and putteth forth her hand, and taketh him by the secrets : then thou shalt cut off her hand, thine eye shall not pity her. " ( numbers 25 : 11 - 12 ) " speak unto the children in israel, saying, if a woman have conceived seed, and born every man child : then she shall be unclean seven days ; according to five days of the separation for her infirmity shall she be unclean. " ( leviticus 12 : 2 ) together with " but if she bear a maid child, then she shall be unclean two weeks, as in every separation : and she shall continue in the blood of her purifying threescore and six days. " ( leviticus 12 : 5 ) " but i would have you know, that the head of every man is christ ; and the head of the woman is the man ; and the head of christ is god. " ( i corinthians 11 : 4 ) " for the man is not of the woman ; but the woman of the man. neither was the man created for the woman ; but the woman for the man. " ( i corinthians 11 : 8 - 9 ) " behold, i will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds. and i will kill her children with death ; and all the churches shall know that i am he which searcheth the reins and hearts : this i will give unto every one of you according to your works. " ( revelation 2 : 22 - 23 ) " behold, here is my daughter a maiden, and his concubine ; them i will bring out now, and humble ye them, and do with them what i good unto you : but unto this man do not so vile a thing. but the men would not hearken to him : so the man took his concubine, he brought her forth unto them ; and they knew her, and abused her all the night until the morning : and when the day began to spring, they let her go. " ( judges 19 : 24 - 25 ) " let the women learn in silence with all subjection. but i suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence. for adam was first formed, then eve. and adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression. " ( i timothy 2 : 11 - 14 ) " wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the lord. for the husband is the head of the wife, even as christ is the head of the church : and he is the saviour of the body. therefore as the church is subject unto christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything. " ( ephesians 5 : 22 - 24 ) " let your women keep silence in the churches : for it is not permitted unto them to speak ; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law. and if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home : for it is a shame for women to speak in the church. " ( i corinthians 14 : 34 - 35 ) " unto the woman he said, i will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception ; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children ; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee. " ( genesis 3 : 16 ) " of the woman came the beginning of sin, and through her we all die. " ( eccles. 25 : 22 ) " a shameless woman shall be counted as a dog ; but she that is shamefaced will fear the lord. " ( eccles. 26 : 25 ) i personally still don't really see a problem with no - fault divorce then, though i would disagree on it's effects upon society being bad. where does it state by the way in the old testament that these verses are specificly not meant to be followed? as far as i know, nowhere. so how does one know what should be followed and what not? i personally don't consider prostitution to be a bad thing as long as the woman isn't forced through any means and is safe from any harm. furthermore stating rome was barbaric is neglecting the historical context. the romans were far ahead of their time, though even still when held accountable to today's standards they would be quite horrible, as any ancient civilization. infanticide wasn't due to the husband not liking the child, it was the only true way of limiting the size of the family. plebs ( those who had nothing but their children, or more accuratly plebejers ) were very poor and though their living conditions were far above average in that time ( sewage, toilets, etc ) they would still not be capable of supporting a large family. this is also for the highers of society the nobiles. ( obviously, noble came from this. ) also to say that the ancient romans didn't care for discarded children is false, christians weren't the only ones building orphanages. rich romans would quite often actually create charities to provide for children in orphanages such as faustina < url > < url > paganism is a term first used in the fourth century by early christians for populations of the roman empire who practiced polytheism, either because they were increasingly rural and provincial relative to the christian population or because they were not milites christi ( soldiers of christ ). alternate terms in christian texts for the same group were hellene, gentile, and heathen. using the earlier terms here since we are speaking of the roman empire so they had orgies, but not with children. furthermore, brothels aren't bad. < url > in which ways was the colisseum brutal except for the fighting for entertainment? very rarely would there be deaths, and there is no evidence stating that christians specificly due to their christianity were executed for that reason. religion was incidental in that aspect. overall, roman gladiators were more like sportsmen for entertainment. why would you kill a person you have spent months of time a lot of money to train to then be killed in a couple fights? < url > the pope basicly split off from the east together with the west as they didn't want to recognise him as the supreme leader of all the churches instead of having to adhere to the pentarchy established centuries before. and well, basicly anybody can say that only they are the legitimate heir to a certain doctrine even without evidence. also yeah, i am quite interested in history, can't choose it for my local version of highschool though due to it conflicting in times with some of my other subjects though i still tend to dabble in it just for my own entertainment.
------
economy-wise i dont see much wrong with using this sigil for this purpose.
there are some pros and cons:
getting a lucky drop form the forge or an exotic weapon drop that has this sigil slotted now nets you significantly more gold than before patch. so you could also see this as a first attempt of correcting rare sigil prices away from vendor value, something many players have been complaining for a long time about.
if thats the case and they are actually looking at ways to improve the value of minor and major runes and sigils, they usually test those changes in small scale scenarios like this before implementing the whole system. so it would make sense to use only one sigil for now instead of implementing new sinks for useless runes/sigils for a wide range all at once.
it also works quite fine as a conduit for wealth transfer from wealthy, impatient players (veterans) to poorer, patient players (casuals and new players), who dont need to unlock everything within the first days. someone who only plays for a couple of hours will be more timegated by the amount of map currency they need before they even need the sigils or they are still working on the prerequisite collections.
however, unless this is really a field test for new sigil sinks, i could think of plenty other items that would have been more suited for this.
the biggest problem here is the unelastic supply because these sigils are hardly farmable. i havent mass-forged runes or sigils in a while, so i am not even sure if it still turns a profit (or at least lets you break even) but due to the slow forging process and rng involved, i assume that you need at least a couple of hours of straight forging rare sigils to get the 25 you need for the collection, not something many players are willing to do, when there is a new episode to explore.
the exotic weapons are mostly rng drops from mobs and event chests, so not really farmable.
[arc](<url>) is the exception because it also drops from a couple of common champ bags that players may be hoarding in their banks, so right now would be a good time to open them, especially since common material prices are high atm as well.
my guess is that the choice of this sigil was more inspired by lore (its needed for a containment field to nullify stuff), rather than economic reasons.
the biggest gripe with this choice of item i have is that it isnt really farmable on the new map, so something like pulsing brandsparks would have been a better fit, plenty of branded on the new map that drop crystal lodestones, nevermind eyes of kormir, ley line sand and concealed putrescences.
------
> if that's the case why do you care what i think about the creation. to increase my understanding of my fellow humans. > since pretty much all historians believe based on the evidence, that jesus of nazareth existed they just doubt some of that claims. they use a form of probability. yes. most historians do believe that jesus existed. however, there is not a single first hand account of the man from the time of his life. none of the stories of him were even written by people who claimed to know him personally during his supposed life. all because the stories about him were written decades or even more than a century after his death. further, there is conflict in the location of his birthplace. there is a problem of moving him to a city that did not ever exist to be part of a census. so, i simply reject the hearsay, as would any court of law. if some actual picture of his life turns up, i'll be fine with that. a human being who claims to be god is not even that unusual, nor is it earth - shattering. for the miracles, i would definitely require hard scientific evidence. > the idea that he didn't even exist has only been around for about 200 years. before that even atheists didn't deny his existence. true. so? people are starting to reexamine the question and are finding that there never was any. the number of historians who do not believe in historical jesus is indeed small. but, it is growing. > who am i to question god in the first place. you are a human being, an adult, with a brain. it is your choice whether to examine the evidence or not. i don't think belief or nonbelief in any deity is a choice. i think that is a conclusion we reach. but, you are choosing to reject the idea that you can even interpret the evidence. i guess i have eaten the fig and you have not. unfortunately, this will probably make this discussion very uninformative to me. > there may be very good reasons that we don't understand whether it's part of the fall or for some other reasons i'm not sure. for example i can't see how you can make the eye different without the blind spot for the nerve bundle to actually receive light input to the eye? the family of cuttlefish ( cuttlefish, squid, especially octopi ) all have very complex eyes with excellent eye sight. their rods and cones face the source of the light rather than a mirror on the retina. they have no blind spots and no need for their brains to correct for seeing a mirror image. > i'm not actually sure of the path for the nerves to voice box you spoke of. considering that function is not the most important for existence perhaps that is why. this of course is mere conjecture. it's not really a question of importance so much as a question of whether the intelligent designer that creationists believe in is indeed an all - knowing and all - perfect being. evidence of a mediocre design is evidence of a mediocre designer or no designer at all. further, the larynx is how we form language. the so - called great leap forward for humanity that took place 70 - 80, 000 years ago is most commonly attributed to development of more complex language, which would not and does not show up in the fossil record. we see no evidence of a physical change in humans at that time. > another conjecture i believe in is that god made things mid life. if he created adam and eve for example they couldn't have possibly been a single cell embryo or even a young child as they probably wouldn't have survived unless god fed them directly. so seeing he is god he probably made everything " mid - life ". i agree with this. if god created humans, he would have needed to create them able to survive without parents. i don't believe this happened. but, i believe it would be necessary for the god hypothesis to make any sense. do you see this as having any effect on the questions i asked? > all i know is that accepting jesus into my life has fundamentally, physically, emotionally, spiritually saved me. that's the truth that i see feel and know. i'm glad for you. it would not help me at all. in fact, i think if i believed in god as described in the bible, i'd be paranoid about what he might have in store for me next. i'm much happier in my own knowledge that the universe is not an intelligence and does not possess either the kind or cruel attribute because it is simply not a conscious being. > god bless you do know it's very offensive to say this to someone whom you know is an atheist right? it's kind of like saying " fuck you and your whole world view. i'm right ; you're wrong ; i don't give a shit about you. " i'll give you benefit of the doubt that you did not realize this.
------
i think ford using the nonwithstanding clause to ram through legislation that is never discussed on the campaign trail and which was found unconstitutional, while claiming he would do it again whenever he wants to would be a bit different than trudeau using disallownace at the request of the currently legitimate and duly elected toronto city council to address the violation of peoples rights. if trudeau was clear he was only using disallowance to protect the rights of most citizens of toronto / ontario after they asked for it and specifically because the courts had ruled against ford, it would be a very different situation. provinces that really have a bone to pick with trudeau might put up a fuss, but ford is blowing all precedent out of the water and saying he will use a rarely used constitutional power in a whole new way and as much as possible, while trudeau would be laying out very specific limits to his usage, and provided other provinces weren't planning on passing charter violating legislation, using s33, and then having the stakeholders of that issue petition the federal government, then well, they'd have nothing to worry about. and i sincerely hope that most other provinces aren't currently planning to do that ( and if they are, it's honestly all the more reason for the federal government to act ). in particular, he could claim that his usage of the disallowance power was specifically in relation to this unprecedented violation of peoples charter rights. nobody should want to see using s33 to bulldoze through the court system and violate peoples rights on such an insignificant thing as the number of councillors become precedent and common, and again, ford himself signaled they will continue to use as needed if he faces resistance from the courts. that's an absolutely terrible precedent to set, and not at all what s33 was originally designed for. as you said, the provinces may be concerned by trudeau superseding the legislative powers of provinces over the number of city councillors in toronto, but again, i believe trudeau's actions could be very limited and clear, and all of us should not take it well for the premier of a province to supercede the charter rights of citizens over the number of city councillors in toronto. people below have disagreed that there is significant potential for a constitutional crisis, but i think it's no so much my particular act, but the change of convention in relation to s33 that is a danger constitutionally. you could argue that at least at some short run , using disallowance would only inflame a constitutional crisis, but again, from the bigger picture i think an argument could be made that it would work towards resolving it by clarifying that the misuse of the nonwithstanding clause is not acceptable. it should be used only in serious situations of great public interest when absolutely necessary, and a hell of a lot more thought and rationale should go into the violation of our basic rights than " it'd save a tiny fraction of the budget ( maybe ) and technically legally i can do it ". would it be damaging for trudeau to do it? that i don't know. i think phrased the way i put it ( especially with scheer's " well, you have the legal right to do it " support ) it would turn out well for trudeau if he won out, but it would of course be an enormous risk and i significant doubts the liberals would be interested in running that risk.
------
this is such a silly thing to be bothered by but i've had a full on panic episode over this, to the point that i was shaking violently and sobbing. can'm finally in a calmer state where i can think but my heart won't stop racing and it's keeping me from sleeping. basically what happened was, i ( 23 f ) was sitting in the living room alone playing video games, and i noticed my boyfriend left his phone in the room with me ( it was in his office ) i felt nosy and just simply tapped his home button just to see what notifications he had, since he left it in the room for a while i wanted to ask if he missed any calls or texts that he'd need to respond to. we often read texts or answer calls on each others phones of the other is out of the room, driving home. anyways, i see an instagram post notification of a really attractive girl doing the " ahegao " face. my insecurities went crazy at that moment and i decided to look up this instagram on my own account, no course hers's private, but with the help of google i end up finding out the kinds of content she posts and i get crushed. it's all very hyper sexualized photos of herself, like blatant photos of her ass, thighs, chest, bare stomach, etc. and very very cutesy " daddy / i'm a bad girl " shit. basically she looks like what i wish i were, this all makes me feel like a cheap discount version of what he finds attractive. annnnnnd we didn't stop there, i if course had to see what else he was following, and of course i found more accounts just like this one, if not even more sexualized. he doesn't follow that many people, it's maybe about half real people he knows / people he looks up to, and half sexy alternative girls / erotic cosplayers. this always pisses me off because he's always telling me how he doesn't need to watch porn because he has me, etc etc - and i don't even have a problem with porn, he's told me this on his own. for whatever reason, this feels so much worse than porn to me. the fact that these girls are so much more accessible, he's able to interact with them if he wants to. ( i haven't seen if he has, i didn't want to dive that deep, i also don't have my own insta account ) these girls aren't pornstars or anything, it's just normal hot girls our age posting raunchy photos of their ass in thigh high stockings. there's also the fact that he almost never gets instagram notifications, so it leads me to believe he's got it set up to where he only gets notified for accounts he wants to see, so he's onkt getting notified when he's got spank material. we just moved into an apartment together about a month ago and we work opposite schedules so i hardly see him, and when we are home at the same time he's isually gaming with friends so i usually spend my nights alone, he'll usually check up on me while he takes breaks between games but i go to bed alone most nights. this whole ordeal has totally killed my self esteem even more than it had before, i've been feeling really bad about my own self image for a while now and this kicked me in the gut. i've kind of brought this up before casually a while back since i noticed he followed one of these accounts on twitter by just saying, " why do you follow so many boobie accounts " jokingly and he got kind of mad so i dropped it. i know it's normal for guys to follow insta models, but this really really bugs me. i have no idea how to bring this up without sounding like i'm attacking him. thanks for your help!
------
> i say, within my beliefs, it's a sin that you either struggle with and defeat or you give into it. what's a sin just as reading pornography and masturbating is a sin and is wrong and i would tell anyone that. that doesn't mean that someone who is addicted to pornography is unable to, at some point, licitly love someone. that implies that ye think a gay person can become straight, which is delusional. > " even a cursory glance at the effect people who share your beliefs actually have should be enough to turn anyone's stomach. " - - this tells me you dislike christians. then you should pay closer attention. not all christians and bigots and not just jews are christians. > do i think there are right and wrong opinions? yes. do i think we should try to silence anyone who we feel is wrong? no. what you are doing is bigoted. what you are saying is closed - minded. the evidence is in the very words you type. you're being criticized, not persecuted. i promise you there's a difference. > also, you are taking what i am saying out of context. my belief is in the bible, i believe it is the word of god. beyond that, it tells anyone who reads it that homosexuality is wrong. that is completely different from someone being against interracial relationships and things of that nature. simple biology tells you that homosexuality is unnatural, that is a completely different argument than if sexual relationships are right or wrong. i don't care what rationalization you made up inside your head to justify your prejudice to yourself. > what is it exactly that me think my beliefs are? i have simply stated my views on homosexuality yet you know all of my beliefs? please elaborate is this the part where you think i'm going to describe some kind of westerboro or stephen anderson nonsense and you get to swoop in a cure me of my horrible misunderstanding of your views? i hate to disappoint you but i'm under no such impression. you think that " homosexual acts " are immoral. you'll distinguish this from thinking that simply " having sex - sex attraction " is wrong ; you don't hate the * person *, only their * actions *, which you think are no worse in principle than adultery or masturbation or having sex before marriage. you'll claim to believe this because in your supposed view the only licit expression of sex is within the confines of marriage, which by definition is between one man and one woman because sex must be directed toward unity and procreation, which can only happen between heterosexual couples.
------
criminal is definitely a class to which one may belong. category : the treatment of a person or particular group of people harshly, in a way that is worse than the other people are usually treated : some immigrants were survivors of discrimination. the law made racial discrimination in employment a serious crime. she claims she is a victim of age discrimination. politics & government discrimination is also prejudice against people and a refusal to give them their rights. discrimination noun [ u ] ( seeing every difference ) the ability to judge the quality of something based on its difference from other, similar things : he showed discrimination in his reading habits. ( definition of " discrimination " from the cambridge academic content dictionary  cambridge university press ) english contents " discrimination " in english see all translations discrimination noun [ u ] uk / di, skrim. i'nei. s @ n / me / di, skrim. @'nei. s @ n / discrimination noun [ u ] ( different treatment ) c1 treating a person or particular group of people discrimination, especially to a worse way from the way in which you treat other people, because of their skin colour, sex, sexuality, etc. : racial / sex / age discrimination until 1986 most companies would not even allow women to take the exams, but such blatant discrimination is now disappearing. more examples aids victims often experience social ostracism and discrimination. there should be no discrimination on the grounds of colour. she believes the research understates the amount of discrimination women suffer. she will be remembered as an unrelenting opponent of racial discrimination. the law has found little to prevent racial discrimination and inequality. thesaurus : synonyms and related words discrimination noun [ u ] ( seeing a difference ) formal the ability to see the difference between two things or people thesaurus : synonyms and related words ( definition of " discrimination " from the cambridge advanced learner's dictionary & thesaurus  cambridge university press ) business " discrimination " in business english see all translations discrimination noun [ u ] uk / di, skrimi'neis @ n / us the practice of treating particular people, companies, or products differently from others, especially in an unfair circumstances : he will work in partnership with a range of organizations to help eliminate discrimination against disabled people. victims / targets of discrimination people sometimes have difficulty perceiving themselves as victims of discrimination. discrimination on the basis of / grounds of sth federal law bans discrimination on the basis of gender. discrimination between sth ( and sth ) the new laws reduce the possibility of unfair discrimination between companies seeking to list on the exchange. racial / sex / age discrimination fight / prohibit / tackle discrimination the commission was created to address issues of discrimination in the workplace. allegations / claims / complaints of discrimination a discrimination case / lawsuit see also
------
i should say that rather than unguided, it's guided very specifically according to natural selection, that is to say organisms are naturally selected in order for them to survive environmental conditions and predation long enough to reproduce. everything in evolution is balanced against these facts, and if a certain feature is disadvantageous, it is selected against.
to see something that is guided would mean that some facet of an organism is preserved despite what would normally see it selected out of a gene pool. we have very direct exampled of this with artificial selection, where humans choose which animals should breed to give traits we want. that's why we have german sheperds suffering of hip problems and pugs with hydroencephalitis. we've selected traits we wanted and changed the bodies of those dog breeds, in the case of pugs until we're literally causing them to often die of brain swelling due to how badly we've warped their skulls with selective breeding.
there is a very specific pattern that appears when some traits are selected for in nature, and a different pattern for when some traits are selected for in a way that is not due to natural selection. we can tell the two apart. to suggest that god has been selecting some traits in a way that is undetectable to us means that either he's been using natural selection to do his bidding, meaning natural selection isn't natural at all and he's been using natural selection to guide human evolution just as much as he's been guiding the evolution of the ebola virus to make it hyper-adapted to kill humans, or that there was some kind of special selection for humans that is utterly undetectable in any way shape or form, and that thus we still have no valid or rational reason to think that god specially guided our own evolution, but that we should still irrationally believe that because the bible.
evolution isn't just about a one-off random event, it's a series of random events over millions of years that average out for very specific results. evolution is like rolling a thousand dice at once, a thousand times.no selection at all means that after you've rolled the thousand dice a thousand times, you get on average as many of one number as any other. selection for a certain number, say 5, means that every time you roll those thousand dice, you keep those who land on 5 and don't re-roll them again. at the end of those thousand rolls, you're going to get a huge number of 5's. selection against say4 would mean that every time you roll those thousand diced, every dice that lands on a 4 you roll again. after a thousand rolls, you're going to have far less 4's than you should.
to say that we can't tell god's influence from natural selection means we can't look at the dice and count how much we've got left, and tell the difference between what we'd expect to see if we just let random chance + natural selection do their work, to what we'd expect to see if someone was cheating the numbers somehow.
besides, if there is an omnipotent god who is able to snap his fingers and poof into existence an entire y chromosome from thin air (jesus was born of a virgin, mary had 2 x chromosomes, jesus being a guy means he had one x and one y chromosome, so god must have magically poofed 58,000,000 base pairs out of nothing for jesus to be a dude), such a god has no need for evolution by natural selection. such a god has no need for that wasteful a process, and certainly has no need to hide himself. if there was a god and he wanted us to know he existed, why is he going to such lengths to make it seem like he doesn't exist?
denying evolution is problematic, but accepting "theistic evolution" opens its own can of worms. it is not the "get out of jail free" card that many theists think it is.
------
welcome to week 4! i am back this week with a freshly updated week 4 trade value chart for standard ppr players, and 0.5 ppr. i have updated my calculation process and added more sources. first, i wrote a function to quantify player position with value on a scale i chose based on historical data. i grabbed the most recent expert consensus rest-of-season ranks from [fantasypros](<url>) and applied my function. i then averaged my calculated values with [cbs trade values](<url>) and a new source of trade values from [4for4](<url>). after i built an average data base of players, i read all comments in the reddit fantasy trade thread to look for hard cross over points. i also checked yahoo trade market for 1 for 1 trades for key or tier beginning/ending players to adjust order as needed.
as i discussed previously, i believe the experts have a lot of bias towards the top, bottom, and between the positions. i check the comments on the expert's articles every week and see the disapproval and outright anger at some of the rankings. my goal was to try and adjust the values using crowd-sourced data (reddit+yahoo) to create better trade values.
method: basically, i start by developing a data set for the rb, wr, te, and qb trade values from last expert ros ranks, and then i rearrange them into numerical order. i average my calculated values with expert values. next, i go through available trade data and look for 1:1 or 1:2 trades where the 2 side has a throw in guy. an example 1:1 positional trade would be: brandon cooks, wr for carlos hyde, rb (old example). these crossover points allow me to manually shift trade values of individual players and tiers of players to match actual trades that occurred this week. i started by looking for wr values in terms of rbs. rbs values were assumed to be correct and were used as the initial to base value wrs, tes, and qbs. wr values were then adjusted to match rb crossover points. te values were adjusted based on rb and wr values to increase data points for te values. lastly, qb values were adjusted based on rb, wr, and te values to increase available data points even further. ranks were initially done in standard format and then a player specific ppr multiplier was applied. then i had the fun task of rearranging the order.
i listened and add 0.5 ppr. so there you go you heathens..
here is the [week 4 trade value sheet](<url>)
here is the [imgur](<url>) of the sheets
please let me know if you have any questions or comments. these are not my opinion; i just collect data and apply it. i use these tables to trade in all my leagues as well.
\-peakedinhighskool
------
in " when morning comes mistfall, " the existence of cloud castle depends upon people believing in the lie that feeds the wraiths. so when the scientists go on the expedition to find out that the wraiths aren't real and discover the cruel truth of this planet, it straight - up makes the world worse. people are at least somewhat better off with the charlatans and the unanswered questions than they are with the truth ( which is a reasonable position to have if you are a fantasy writer ), because the sense of wonder is a beautiful and important thing. this story makes the rather rare and daring claim that scientific discovery as an impulse with no boundaries is more of a threat to an established society than fanciful stories about magical monsters lie. in " the way of cross and dragon " the society of liars, which goes from world by world creating religions, is not positioned as malevolent. they make the worlds they go to better by giving people something to believe in, and in the end, their argument converts the main character, who goes from belief in intrinsic religion, to skepticism about religion, to belief in instrumental religion - religion for a purpose. in " bitterblooms, " which, like all of these, has a lot of deep irony in it, is about a lonely woman who desperately craves wonder, beauty, and human connection, and who finds it in this other woman on this derelict spaceship, who uses the spaceship interior viewscreens and archived recordings to convince the woman she has gone on all sorts of amazing journeys. when the woman discovers she has been lied to, she bursts in tears, but she goes on * actual * amazing journeys through the rest of her life, and still craves the intimacy and wonder of the lies she was told on the spaceship. she goes back to the spaceship to die, begging for the woman to lie to her again. in " dying with the light, " even though the whole warrior culture of the kavalar is framed as an archaic, farcical perversion of old survival practices, the existential self - realization of the main character depends on him accepting to a degree the precepts of that empty culture, and particularly its attitudes about violence and ritual combat. because in doing such he is making a meaningful choice on what to become as a person. and that's typical of the angle here - it's this existential argument for framing our lives with " lies " - that our existence precedes our experience to the degree that objective truth and the self tend not to exist on the same level - that objective truth is a crappy and inhospitable place to be human - and that along with being a being comes a certain power and freedom to frame the way you believe and live in a way that serves what you need - and also an opportunity to improve the lives around you by considering them as beings with needs rather than as manifestations of truth.
------
well do you actually have some logic behind it to explain why you believe that they have totally different meanings?
sorry but trickle down is a political term for supply-side government stimulus and it's just as socialist as demand-side government stimulus...it's not some brilliantly different strategy from demand-side economics...the two are more like the difference between qe and qt tools used by the fed.
supply-side is a great socialist tool for the government to directly stimulate production from the top, but only in the case where there's existing demand growth in place first that can't be met reasonably without subsidies/stimulus from the government...otherwise it's just promoting new business investment without any demand there to sustain it (or worse - an act of desperation to prolong the inevitable), so then basically the extra capital must be invested back into just the survival of this entity that's already on life support. if the general population doesn't have enough money to buy more stuff, then there's no demand to support this top-down production increase, and promoting more capital gains by cutting taxes isn't going to help businesses to make enough sustainable profit in order to afford to hire people who in turn then have the money to buy from said producers/employers and keep the economic cycle going...the ventures are inherently existing on government welfare without any new demand/growth for them to justify using the capital for more production, and that doesn't make any sense financially.
i like the idea of a balance of fiscal conservatism through socialist policies like regulation to avoid stuff like monopolies, and to avoid systemic risk like zombie banks and corporations that are forced to cannibalize year over year exasperating the systemic risk, and fair progressive gains taxes on private business capital, as long as there are equal socialist protections for those private businesses as well, like general government subsidies on employees (tax-paid basic medical, disability, family leave) to take some of this long-term financial burden off of employers, making employment profitable for both business and working-class. it's interesting for example how swedish government has become more fiscally conservative than us government despite being more democratic socialist. fdr used some pretty extreme demand-side economics after the great depression, and to great success despite being controversial. i think it was eisenhower who heavily-subsidized private business contracts for military and that was successful too because demand was there and had to be met with some more direct supply-side incentives from the government or something, though it was also considered to be controversial.
------
so, last weekend, i went to a casino and i almost assaulted one of the other players. he was being annoying and a braggart, this caused me to have an outburst. now, i've always enjoyed playing poker, i used to have a few video games about it and when i turned 21, i decided to play in a real casino against real people. i've played a few games before in this casino and did fairly well. i made a few bucks. so, i went to the casino last weekend, and signed up for their open tournament. it was a small tournament, only 24 people were allowed. the buy in was < cur > 1, 000. texas hold'em. their first 5 hands for me were terrible. i got two decent hands which i played, but didn't actually go anywhere. no big deal, i was only down 50 dollars each. my subsequent 3 hands, i folded, because they were pretty bad. however, once the customer service cards came, those hands would've been good, i swear i could've pulled 2 full houses in a row if i played them. my next hand i folded, because it was also bad. guess what? it could've been a straight. i was getting frustrated, but i had to keep playing ( you couldn't quit, it was a winner take all type thing ). i thought my next hand would've been good, it was pocket aces. so i obviously played it. the other players folded. except for this one guy. as the community cards are coming, and guy, he keeps staring at me, he's smirking and raising the pot. i figured i had it won because there was another ace in the community cards. that's three of a kind. and their were no pairs, none of the cards were close enough to make a straight. the first alternative was 3 cards of the same suit. so, this guy he kept smiling at me and just raising the stakes. but i stayed in and played along. he raised it so much, that i bet all my chips, except 50. i thought he was just trying to psyche me out. i revealed my pair of aces. and he just pushed his his lower lip out, like he was pretending to cry " oh, feel like i lose " and i started to sit up and grab my chips, but he shouted " psyche! " and threw his cards on the table. this jackass pulled a flush and robbed me of my chips. i swear to you, i just wanted to jump across the table and kick his ass. i was mad, i was seething and i know the other players could tell i was pissed. unfortunately, my next turn, it was my turn for the big blind. which took my last 50 chips. the hand i had was complete crap. a 3 and a 7. after the community cards came, this guy kept looking up at me and smirking. my only hope a high card, no pair, no flush, no straight. nothing. and the same jackass who robbed me in the previous hand won with pocket 2's. i lost 1, 000 dollars, and this guy, he started laughing at me, i jumped up out of my seat and called him a son of a bitch, all i wanted was to punch him, but there was a security guard glaring at me. so i just kicked over my seat and walked out of the casino. oh, and icing on the cake. i think that guy reported me, because of that outburst, they called me the next day and asked me not to come back. so i think this jackass got me banned from the casino. so am i the asshole for having a bad outburst because this guy was being annoying?
------
i think the " spiritual " level needs to be somehow left out of this, since it's completely arbitrary and unless you can prove the existence of souls or god, is just making up narrative to support your point ( of course god is on my side ). let's take it point by point. > identical twins dna so it's enough to say that once the dna is different to the mother's, then everything is a separate entity and not a part of her. yet if the dna is the same, as in the case of the baby, they are not parts of each other and still separate beings? you can't have it both ways, clearly something is wrong with this body. is occupying physical space another requirement for life? but both the mother and fetus occupy individual space. a hollow sphere and a ball still occupy independent space regardless if one is inside the other or not. there are also some rare case of one twin'absorbing'the other in utero and ending up with foreign dna in parts of their body ( chimerism ), if that is a reproductive organ, biologically their children won't be theirs. does that mean that the part of their body with a different dna is a separate entity also? saying dna somehow proves the value of one hypothetical baby over another just leaves too many logical inconsistencies. clearly a better identifier for dna is needed, or anyone with chemerism needs to run out and get two passports stat, while all fraternal twins only share one. sorry guys. > you didn't know a living organism having solely human dna would make them human is controversial it must not. no one argues that a fetus is inhuman then somehow changes species. the argument is that it's a " potential " future human being, but does not have the rights from a born, independently " non biologically dependant on a host " actual human. same as me having full biological and physical potential to become president doesn't give me the rights of one. even if it was granted those rights, no one can force another human to dig up blood or any bodily organ for their people against their will. i'm not a murderer for letting people die because i didn't donate blood. someone is certainly not a murderer for not donating their entire body to something without a name or any other myriad of things we use to establish personhood vs potentialhood. > body part argument so does that also mean a fetus is a clump of cells without individual rights until all those body parts are fully developed? personally this makes sense in a way, once it is able to survive outside the womb it has acquired all necessary characteristics of being a fully developed person with all those organs needed for survival. until then it is an organ of the woman's body incapable of sustaining itself on its own, much like the heart. > abortion vs murder i am curious would you give the same punishment to someone who disfigured and injured their fetus ( through consumption of damaging chemicals ) as you would someone that did that to a baby? because for some reason most countries that ban abortion consider that perfectly legal. personally, even though i am fully for decriminalising abortion until a fetus is able to survive, i would make that an equal offense, as it is done to someone that now has to suffer their real life through it. a real person is carrying real consequences. that is not right. but somehow, pro life people have no issue with this despite seeing the fetus as equal to a baby. > i think it was a prochoice person that pointed out to me once that god instituted a fine as a punishment for causing a miscarriage to another's wife afaik that story is correct, but i'm not sure why base any decisions on what the bible says when you are not seem familiar with it.
------
john 1 : 1, 2 : rs reads : " in the beginning was the word, and the meaning was with god, and the word was god. he was in the beginning with god. " ( kj, dy, jb, nab use similar wording. ) however, nw reads : " in the beginning the word was, and the word was with god, and the word was a god. this one was in the beginning with god. " which reading of john 1 : 1, 2 agrees with the context? john 1 : 18 says : " no one has ever seen god. " verse 14 clearly says that " the word became flesh and dwelt among us... we have beheld his glory. " also, verses 1, 2 say that in the beginning he was " with god. " can one be with himself and at the same time be that person? at john 17 : 3, jesus addresses the father as " the only true god " ; so, jesus as " a god " merely reflects his father's divine qualities. - - heb. 1 : 3. is the rendering " a god " consistent with the rules of greek grammar? some reference books argue strongly that some greek text must be translated, " the word was god. " but not all agree. in his article " qualitative anarthrous predicate nouns : mark 15 : 39 and john 1 : 1, " philip b. harner said that such clauses as the one in john 1 : 1, " with an anarthrous predicate preceding the verb, are primarily qualitative in meaning. they indicate that the logos has the nature of theos. " he suggests : " perhaps the sentence could be translated,'the word had the same nature and god.'" ( journal of biblical literature, 1973, pp. 85, 87 ) thus, in this text, the fact that the word the * os'in its second occurrence is without the definite article ( ho ) which is placed before the verb in the sentence in greek is significant. interestingly, translators that insist on rendering john 1 : 11, " the word was god, " do not hesitate to use the indefinite article ( a, an ) in their rendering of other passages where a singular anarthrous predicate noun occurs before the verb. thus at john 6 : 70, k and kj both address to judas iscariot as " a devil, " and at john 9 : 17 they describe jesus as " a prophet. " john j. mckenzie, s. j., in his dictionary of the bible, says : " jn 1 : 1 should rigorously be translated'the word was with the god [ = the father ], and the word was a divine being.'" - - ( brackets are his. published with nihil obstat and imprimatur. ) ( new york, 1965 ), p. 317. in harmony with the above, at reads : " the word was divine " ; mo, " the logos was divine " ; ntiv, " the word was a god. " in his german translation ludwig thimme expresses it in this way : " god of a sort the word was. " referring to the word ( who became jesus christ ) as " a god " is consistent with the use of that term in the rest of the scriptures. for example, at psalm 82 : 1 - 6 human judges in israel were referred to as " gods " ( hebrew,'elo * him'; greek, the * oi ', at john 10 : 34 ) because they were representatives of jehovah and were to speak his law the new catholic encyclopedia states : " the formulation'one god in three persons'was not solidly established, certainly not fully assimilated into christian life and its profession of faith, prior to the end of the 4th century. but it is precisely this formulation that has first claim to the title the trinitarian dogma. among the apostolic fathers, there had been nothing even remotely approaching such a mentality or perspective. " - - ( 1967 ), vol. xiv, p. 299. in the encyclopedia americana we read : " christianity derived from judaism and judaism was strictly unitarian [ believing that god is one person ]. the road which led from jerusalem to nicea was scarcely a straight one. fourth century trinitarianism did not reflect accurately early christian teaching regarding the nature of god ; it was, on the contrary, a deviation from this teaching. " - - ( 1956 ), vol. xxvii, p. 294l.
------
any command you want after a simple skill reset is player. setav < skill name >. this always sets your unique skill you identify to whatever level you identify. so entering > player. setav alchemy 50 will set your alchemy skill to 50. importantly, that * won't * contribute to your overall character level, the way that actually leveling skills would. note that the skill name you need to enter to set your archery skill level is not defender, but marksman. you can also use player. setav < status > ( or magicka or stamina ) to change your attribute levels. for perks, you need the player. removeperk and player. addperk commands. you need to enter > player. removeperk < perk id > or player. addperk < perk id >. you can look up the id of each perk at the wiki's page for each skill. for example, [ here is the wiki page for archery ] ( < url > ). if you want to learn more, [ this wiki article ] ( < url > ) lists all console commands and gives instructions how to use them safely. for your playstyle vs. dragons, it sounds like the super ethereal shout would be a big help to you. my basic strategy vs. dragons on archer playthroughs is to plink a few arrows at them, then use become ethereal right before they blast me. that shout makes you immune to all damage for a few seconds. you can get it in ustengrav, a pretty easy dungeon you unlock fairly early in the main quest. 3 - 5 minutes is not unusual for some fights in this game. skyrim isn't supposed to be super fast - paced. for followers you don't want to die, you have a few options : - use a follower mod. mods like my amazing follower tweaks and extensible follower framework allow you to set followers as essential, meaning they can't be killed. - use a follower who is essential by default. these include derkeethus, mjoll, cicero, serana, and frea. the downside is that every one of they unlocks as a follower by completing a fairly difficult quest. - give your follower a ton of health potions and reload a save if they get killed : ) note that only you can kill followers. non - essential followers will enter " bleedout " when they hit 0 health, and in that state enemies will typically not damage them - - only your stray arrows or aoe effects will. i also recommend you stop intentionally leveling up sneak. that's inflating your character level well beyond your actual combat abilities, which is one reason enemies are proving difficult for you. if you only level sneak by actually sneak attacking people, it will level at the same pace ( or slightly slower ) than your combat abilities, which is what you want. as to what build to shoot for, here are some thoughts : - restoration + archery is eventually going to be a powerful playstyle, especially vs. undead. lay down a guardian circle and fire away! however, this is fairly niche. it might be easier for you to invest in alchemy for your healing and level a different magic skill, like alteration ( for paralysis, armor, and magic resistance ) or illusion ( for crowd control ). as you point out, restoration doesn't synergize all that well with archery. - you need at least one crafting skill. alchemy can grant you powerful skill boosts and poison effects ( like paralysis ), enchanting can get you big damage boosts and even easier access to paralysis, and smithing can improve your weapons and armor to god - tier levels. investing in two crafting skills can get you close to breaking the game. crafting is * really * powerful if you put time into it. - head over the mountain pass between whiterun and the hall of the vigilant and find the lord stone. it's a great defensive bonus in all situations.
------
four weeks ago from today, i (21,f) got really drunk. i drank in my room, then i met my friends a and b at a bar and had an "irish trashcan" there. then, a and i went to another bar to meet some of her work friends around 1 am. 3 people bought me a shot there and i was out of it. when i was sitting with a and her work friends, this guy introduced himself to me as "c" so i said hi. i thought he was really cute.
we were all getting ready to leave the bar because it was probably closing time and everyone was going to this diner so i said, "i wanna go!". as everyone was getting ready to leave i said to the guy c (24, m), "can i give you a kiss on the cheek?" because i thought he was attractive. so then a bunch of people said "oh we're gonna go to this diner" and i was said "oh ok!" and he says "burner9997, you can ride with me!" and i said, "oh okay are you sure you're ok to drive?" and he said, "yeah. i only had 2 beers" (and he's probably like 6'1" 170 lbs so that's nothing and he was going to drive home anyway). so anyway we're walking to his car and he says, all of a sudden, "wait the cops are out and they just drove past us 4 times because we both stumbled, let's not drive somewhere" so i say, "oh okay..".
so we put our arms around each other and walk around the town and then we go to this cemetery and i can't remember who initiated this but we start making out on the grass and he started fingering me and i said, "stop" and he would stop for a little then just keep going at it. and i had to tell him "stopstopstopstopstoppleasestop" so he would stop. so then we walked some more, i was holding on to him because i could barely walk, but he kept saying "let's go back to your dorm, i can make you feel so good" and i kept saying, "no" and he said, "come on" and i'm said, "no my roommates are gonna think badly of me" and then he wore me down and i said, "when we go back we're just gonna hang out and talk, right" and he said "yeah". while we were walking, the whole time he said, 'who are you texting? what are you texting a? let me see? where's your phone? what's your phone password????????" we get in the door to my room and he said "i want to see you naked" and starts unstrapping my sandals. so we get naked. and he said "let me rub my dick on your pussy" and i remember crossing my legs because i didn't want him to enter me. but i said "okay yeah you can" but like he just kept rubbing his dick closer and closer to my vagina and i was said "what are you doing?" and this is crazy but i was thinking to myself "well, he's so close to my vagina anyway maybe i'm already not a virgin because of this so i might as well let him do it" so i said "okay you can put it in". we had sex. when we were like having sex i said "stop" and he stopped moving but he kept his penis inside of me. then, 30 seconds later he said "well. gotta go head out." i wanted him to stay so i asked him to go again and he did. afterwards, he said "don't tell anybody ever about this. everything we did was consensual right?" and i was like "well i was kind of drunk and you were rubbing it close to my vagina" and he was like "well i was drunk too remember i had 2 beers tonight (this was hours before)" and i was like "well okay"..
he then started telling me about how i can't tell anyone ever because he's applying to get a job as an adjunct professor at my school (he didn't even finish college when i checked his facebook days afterwards). afterwards because i was drunk i asked "did we have sex?" (like i was 99.59% sure we did but i wanted to see what he said) and he said "...no" .
and i'm like "shut the fuck up yes we did". and we did. he then made a major point to tell me "please dont tell a . if a asks you, this is what you're gonna tell her: i dropped you off at your dorm, that's it". anyway, i asked him before he left if i could give him a hug and a kiss, i blacked out if we did or not, and i remember hearing the door to the hallway closing and then i passed out and woke up in my own blood (i was on my period) 5 hours later.
i'e just felt really bad about this for weeks and i'm not sure if it was assault but it just hasn't sat right with me and it's all i've been able to think about.
------
you may have adhd or some form of attention defecit. i have it ( psychiatrist diagnosed h'll ) and when i consume caffeine, i focus marginally better because it will calm you down mentally. if i take a higher than normal dose of my adderall ( an amphetamine ), i can literally lay in my bed and go to sleep because i will get really sleepy. basically, adhd is kind of a blanket term for not having the right chemical balance in your brain to be present in the moment, or in whatever situation i're in. there's alot of reasons for why this balance is, and many debates as to the causes of adhd ( nature and nurture both contribute ) however one of the most common traits is a general lack of dopamine. or, irregular releases of dopamine. there are theories that adhd is an evolutionary trait that served to help hunters, warriors, etc. the brain didn't have need to perform overly complex tasks and monotonous low - risk, long - term rewards tasks. their brain was challenged in extreme bursts of intense focus, or not at all. this allowed users to fight even better through stress, become hyper aware of their surroundings, and have a hard of settling down. as society has developed, this trait has become less desirable yet many of us have ancestry rich in this lineage. as a result, people with adhd have a hard time adapating to a society that values our ability to output and do it with consistency, over and over and over again. adhd tends to lead both depression and anxiety in today's society because there be not enough high - reward emotional - risk situations for people to get the benefits of their trait. imagine trying to work an office job in a cubicle when all you can do is daydream about all the cool shit you could be doing instead, and every time you so much as look down at your computer you simply veer off track once again within minutes. all day, always, for every task. every goal, every desire, every thought, constantly trying to get away from you like an unbroken horse. thus, amphetamines, caffeine, video games, shitty food, sex, gambling, etc. give our brains the " reward. " by calming the brains waiting for a dopamine release, the mind is brought back down and can focus on whatever is going on instead of whatever it would rather be doing. this is why coffee makes you sleepy. you can calm down because your brain got it's reward. it's kind of like living in a constant state of withdrawal from a drug that you naturally just don't have but should be able to make without need for intense activities or stressful events. and so you're constantly just looking for a reason to distract yourself or find something to make you feel better about whatever your situation is, instead of taking the steps needed in an orderly fashion to resolve the situation.
------
to be fair, i wouldn't expect women to orgasm as much because it is not required for reproduction and thus isnt hardwired into their brain/anatomy. it just doesnt need to happen from a reproductive stand point and often doesnt from piv intercourse. also, did only penetration count for the survey? if i get my so off orally, she easily could have gotten off by someone without a penis. as shitty as it is for most men to admit, our dicks arent vibirators, they were made to inseminate, not pleasure (necessarily). thats just reproduction. obviously, i think most of the men on this sub take the time to learn what is pleasurable for women, or even more specifically their so. but to be suprised that women dont get off as much as men is absurd. people are suprised when my so admits, for lack of a better word, that her climax comes first in order of importance. getting off as never (rarely) been my goal with intercourse, if i wanted to get off, i could get myself off faster than any women can, and i dont have to do continous ab workouts for over an hour.
a side note, im not really trying to open a can of worms here, but isnt it other women spreading that nonsense? ive never attempted to hit on/impress a girl but saying "i wouldn't care if you hurt during sex, see how manly i am?" i have never seen, heard, or been told of any male who has attempted to slander his own gender so fucking badly. what i think happened/happens is you have these outdated views on women/sex from men and women who were born before the age of information, who have/had shitty sex (maybe not in the uninformed male eye), and then the women perpetrates to younger women that that is life. and then you have ops issue where he never even knew, never wanted to hurt you, doesnt care half as much about getting off as the fact that hes hurting you, but you dont bring it up and assume he wouldnt care anyway and the cycle continues. my so is about 100 lbs at 5'2 and im considerably larger, 160 at 6'2. the most worrisome thing is when i accidently hit her cervix wrong, that being the only time i ever bring unwelcome pain i guess. it literally makes me feel like complete shit. i had to explain to her that im not upset that she let me know, im upset that i ever hurt her with what i thought was love, if that makes sense. i think men not expressing that you stopping because of pain does upset me, but im upset that youre in pain, not that i didnt finish, further enforces the preconceived notion that a woman may have about men.
sorry for rant.
------
in the recent chapter floch said something interesting so i came up by a theory. yelena convinced floch to get her in contact with eren following marley's orders. when yelena got to talk with eren she told him that peace with marley was impossible and that they would attack her soon. she convince him that he had to go first to have a chance of survival. she might have told him bigger secrets and this forced eren to act because he realized that it was a necessary action. but there was a problem, hange and the military would not aprove eren, yelena and zeke's methods. zeke and co knew that as soon as eren got back he would get imprisoned for insubordination. and that's why i think they planned to make eren king. if eren were to be the king of the walls, he would not need anyone's permission to act, they needed to find a legitimate way to make him king for people to believe it and that's when historia's role comes. if eren and historia wished to have a child and announced that, the paradis people would immediately support him ( we saw on this chapter that the populace approved eren's methods, they considered him the responsable for paradis's victory ). yelena got floch's group to reveal the truth to the populace so to make eren accomplishments know and to make people doubt the military. eren and co knew that the military would oppose so they concealed the identity of the father ( eren ), because if the military knew who the father was they would have forced historia to lose the baby ( some of them held no respect for this ). in their eyes eren cannot be trusted, he is too unpredictable and dangerous so the possibility of him becoming king was something unnaceptable. the military even said the it was good that the father ( farmer ) was someone who doesnt harm the lives of everyone else ( i interpreted it as someone who has no power nor influence ). historia's pregnancy would also prevent zeke's being eaten and buy them more time. so that's why i think floch said " eren is the one who leads this nation " he knew the plan or at least the gist of it. he was so sure that eren is the one who leads because historia is close to delivery. he also demanded eren to be freed without fear because in his eyes hange and all the other officials are people that are going to get purged. why respect someone that's already defeated? this could also explain why yelena was so relaxed when she got captured she was gonna get freed soon or maybe that's just her personality. if this theory is true she might also want to convice pixis. afterall pixis would join the side that saves more lives, but whose lives matter most for him? if eren becomes king nothing will stop him to go full force against marley. zeke might never have trusted paradis only eren. everything was planned and anticipated hange's reaction, the people's reaction and the military officials reaction. some people thought that the wine nikolo was carrying was poisoned, if they kill the people who would be against eren. wouldn't it will make his coronation even easier? the people doesn't trust in the military so it will make it even more easier to accept the hero who archived victory in marley as the king of the walls the one who would make everything for paradis to survive. sorry if a theory similar to this has already been posted. i didn't found anything like this so i did it. it could be completely wrong though.
------
not all negotiations are easy, and many are oblique. trump has facilitated this somewhat by attempting to command the angry dog, but by bullying its owner to - - china. this is why china always been a central figure in trump's foreign policy and why he's been so openly aggressive with them despite saying flowery things about xi. also explain i'd really need to explain how clinton essentially sold major influence in the democratic party to [ china in 1996 ] ( < url > ), to illustrate the deep roots china has developed in this country and why its essentially retarded the korean peace process. i can cite any of these sources in great detail, if you'd like but i'n going to summarize because this is complex. essentially though, bill clinton ensured that china would have to be another client state like saudi arabia that helped get people elected - - if you didn't have chinese money, you'd be at a major disadvantage. and clinton went deep on this, literal chinese intelligence assets were handing over money in the white senate, for both campaigning and to help with clintons legal funds ( we know this due to confessions before congress, bank statements, we even had video evidence. ) so deep ties that have continued to this day processing money through small donor loop holes in campaign finance law. you can read how its done in this report if you're interested, but essentially it requires removal of the [ cvv code check from donation websites ] ( < url > ), from there its fairly easy to slip in millions. ( one of obama's advisors was literally running ads in china for this reason. ) this has made it so most presidents won't actually touch china, or enforce sanctions which china willfully ignores. trump is not one of those presidents. he called out the chinese publicly, and brought the hammer down threatening [ sanctions directly against them as well if they continue ] ( < url > ). this fact is particularly dangerous right now because of the delicacy of xi's position, as he's just finished an effective coup of the communist party where he's wiped out ( through his " anti - corruption " purge ) most of his opposition, but its left him with a lot of potential new enemies and he can't afford to have his economy shit the bed. unfortunately for him, china has been doping its economy with zombie industries supported by the state for a very long time, and those industries went into over - drive to mitigate the 2008 collapse. china's in a really precarious situation, and trump is exploiting it. trump has essentially isolated nk and applied pressure through the chain that normally governs them ( china ). he's shown, repeatedly, he's not playing chicken - - he's willing to slam his semi - truck right into china's if need be. he's also shown he's not concerned with international condemnation for being openly provocative and aggressive with nk - - which essentially takes away the ability for brinkmanship by the nks, because they are terrified trump is as serious as a heart attack. if you believe rumors about his administration, this is all a cultivated image - - meant to make it look like he's the bad cop, while the president of sk is the good cop. as said, this is all being done around nk - - its oblique to nk, because nk itself has never been the issue, its their patrons, china and to a lesser extent russia which have been. trump has been super aggressive with foreign policy and shitting on old, corrupt networks that america is bogged down in. its why europe is terrified, because europe and even china feed on those networks. but there is a reason why you have a radical reforming prince in saudi arabia assassinating people, and finally pressuring more radical elements, and a host of other major global changes that have happened. what americans don't know here could fill a fucking book, literally - - because the news refuses to dig into any of these topics aside from perfunctory overview of articles of official happenings ( no digging for anonymous sources, or the typical editorials you'd get if say, trump was found to be fucking a porn star ). but that's essentially why much of this is happening. there is a reason why the sk president thanks trump.
------
transferred to new school, moved to new apartment complex on campus, meant for students. not a dorm but similar (random roommate that is also a student). i'm on a one year lease that started in august, changing rooms is not an option. luckily i have my own room with a bathroom and everything, but there is a shared living space with a kitchen.
posted about this earlier, has gotten worse. summary of the weird shit my new roommate did that i mentioned in that post:
----
1. first time i meet him, he invites me on a trip to vegas within 15 minutes of meeting him. after that he started asking me a bunch of really weird/creepy questions about how to talk to women and how to get them to hook up with you
----
2. first day of me moving in he insists that i throw a party on friday. i told him i don't want to, but he carries on acting as if this hypothetical party is actually thing, keeps on asking me about the plans and who i'm going to invite. i had to tell him 4 or 5 times that i'm not throwing a party. after that he insisted that i "at least invite 3 girls over."
----
3. sometimes i hear him through the walls loudly talking to himself. one time i heard him shouting the same phrase over and over again for about an hour (no idea what he was saying, different language). also, in general he has no social awareness and is super awkward to talk to.
----
4. every friday and saturday night when i come home he is still up just sitting on the couch drinking alone, and every time he basically starts interrogating me on what i was doing that night. not in a friendly way asking about how my night was, he sounds like a cop talking to a suspect, "what were you doing tonight!?" , and he keeps pressing for details.
----
anyway last night he just went way over the top. i came home at around 130 am and it was the same drill of him interrogating me about my night. i was clearly annoyed by him and not really answering, but i think he's pretty much just completely clueless. after that he started begging me come downtown with him just to walk around and "talk to girls." i had to tell him no 20+ times but he just wouldn't shut up about it, and would act all sad everytime i said no. he even told me that he would only go if i came with him. after repeatedly telling him no over and over again, he started to just make shit up to try to convince me to go with him. his lies were just so nonsensical and contradictory, i don't know how he actually expected me to believe this stupid shit.
anyway, at first i just thought this guy was socially awkward and annoying, but now he is actually starting to creep me out. any advice for dealing with people like this ? keep in mind that i'm on a one year lease, i'm stuck being this guy's roommate for another year, there's no way around that. i just have to figure out a way to deal with this guy.
------
tl;dr: new roommate is socially awkward, annoying, and really creepy. moving is not an option. help.
------
i'm sorry if this is incoherent and/or poorly formatted.
a little background: i am disabled. i have a genetic connective tissue disorder. i use a wheelchair or walker wherever i go because my joints spontaneously dislocate. i can't drive. it's extremely hard for me to do simple tasks like brush my hair or take a shower without needing help. i met my now ex-boyfriend when i was pretty much able-bodied. he stuck with me through my steep decline of health and for that i am forever grateful. even with my chronic pain, he made me so happy. i miss him so much already, and now he won't talk to me at all.
we broke up over something really stupid. he had been lying to me for months, and when i found out about it, i had an episode of psychosis because my physical and emotional pain was too much of a sensory overload for me to handle (i have appointments with mental health professionals; this is not the point of the post). i never got the chance to explain to him about what happened that night. he broke up with me via a text that i am certain he didn't write. it didn't include his typos that he always made, and the formatting appeared copy-and-pasted. it was cold and callous, two things he had never been to me.
he always took care of me. he made sure i was fed when i couldn't get up, helped me get out of the house, took me to doctor's appointments, bought me a fancy mattress when my spine started to crumble, listened for me when i took a bath (i have an autonomic disorder that can make me faint suddenly), and he gave me a glimpse of what it was like to be normal again.
during the course of our relationship, i slowly lost the physical ability to do anything that made me happy anymore. my hands have arthritis and my fingers dislocate so i can't write or play my instruments any longer. i can't even read a lot of the time because after a particularly bad hemiplegic cluster headache, my vision has worsened.
what can i do? my family can't afford a caregiver. my dad is very stressed out because my mother has the same conditions and is (debatably) worse off than i am, and he ends up yelling at me or degrading me when i ask for something a lot of the time.
my ex may have lost his first love, but i lost the love of my life and my life in general. i do realize that having a significant other with a disability is not ideal, but he told me many times that he loved me above it all. do you think there's anything i can do to get him to talk to me again, even platonically? he's also the best friend i've ever had. any suggestions are welcome.
tldr; i am disabled (with physical limitations) and my boyfriend who took care of me broke up with me yesterday. i don't know how to live with this disability without him because i never had to. how do i carry on physically and emotionally?
------
given how most of the issues that men should worry about are mainly social and job discrimination, as well as false rape/sexual assault allegations and kangaroo courts, as a committed mra, quite frankly, focusing on male circumcision seems counterproductive.
one of the worst parts of the anti-circumcision posts is that they often attract allegations of anti-semitism or anti-semites who just hate anything "jewish." however, i don't doubt that the topic does attract good natured people as well. i'm a jew (and a real one, not an "internet jew" or an "as-a jew", if you look into my post history on another subreddit) and i'm embarrassed by how many jewish feminist columnists/talking-heads there are, but they don't represent jewry or judaism, and there are many redpilled jews: just go to shapiro's daily wire, a pro-mra site on due process issues.
why does intactivism talk attract allegations of anti-semitism? supporters of circumcision point to how reputable studies in america (where the rest of the world wishes they could study/research) that predate and post-date hussein obama have found health benefits and negligible/none effect on sexual performance/feeling. see
* [here](<url>)
* [more](<url>)
* [even more](<url>)
unless you discount all of this or have good refutation, there is not much reason for being against circumcision or making it a big mra issue. many jews figure that given how much positive evidence there is about male circumcision, the only reason one could oppose it, in light of these studies that show benefits of circumcision, is because of hate of things jewish or belief that the jews control everything in america and thus the studies are lying. also, there is no serious argument that male circumcision approaches female mutilation (aka female "circumcision") which does elminate sexual pleasure.
and yes, the media has many jews. many of the wealthy and political in this country are jews. does the mra wanna risk their ire? also, many jews who are on the fence or not yet informed about mra will be turned off to the movement the second they hear/see all the anti-circumcision stuff. we should want jews in our ranks; they have been cast out by the american left; that's why its no longer "minorities" but "people of color;" that's why "palestine" is the contemporary american left's favorite foreign policy issue.
ending false rape allegations and kangaroo courts being funded with tax dollars, stopping the criminalization of getting tail, ending the promotion of effeminate soyboys as some kind of new "non-toxic masculinity," disabusing society of the idea that a girl being drunk negates consent, ending "always believe the accuser," etc. ought to be the top priorities. they are the top threats to men getting ahead and living our destiny.
i know i'm gonna take a ton of heat from this. i'm prepared. i'm with you on 99% of the other issues. i feel tho i must speak out on this one so that we may win.
------
yes, i had to take some relatively drastic measures.
my family spoke to a lawyer before we did anything, and the lawyer strongly advised against getting a restraining order because apparently, in cases like these (where the harasser is suicidal and has made threats and/or acted violently), being served with a restraining order can incense the harasser and increase the likelihood of a murder-suicide.
on the lawyer's advice, i gathered together a body of evidence about what was happening, and i shared this with my family via the cloud and kept it up-to-date (so that if something happened to me, they could go to the police with the evidence).
my parents kicked my boyfriend out and changed the locks. i found a neighbor who needed a house sitter for a period of time, and i moved into his house (without telling the boyfriend, obviously). i put together basic supplies--money, road maps, clothes, toothbrush, etc.--in case i needed to leave on short notice. i kept my car at my parents' house because i didn't want my ex to find out where i was staying, but it was still close enough that i could get it and leave if i had to. eventually, i moved out of the state without telling anyone but family where i'd gone (i avoided telling friends because i was paranoid that word would make it back to my ex). a year later, i moved out of the country entirely.
i was very concerned about the safety of my family, as i feared my ex might hurt them to hurt me if he couldn't get to me directly. so i did my best to thread the needle and keep him calm. i stayed in contact with him via phone and agreed to talk to for about an hour 1-2 times per week. when i talked to him, i made sure to let him air his grievances and i expressed sympathy, but i went out of my way to make sure i never complained or showed anger (as this was liable to piss him off).
i knew i had no intention of *ever* seeing him again, but i told him that i was just scared and i needed time to work through some stuff in my head before i'd be ready to see him face-to-face. i gave him a timeline of about 6 months before i thought i'd be ready, but i gradually stretched that out further and further as time went on. as an aside, i remember wishing he'd cheated on me, because it would have made it easier to insist he give me space to heal. as it was, he didn't understand why i was "suddenly" needing my space, when our last fight had *only* been as bad as the previous 3 or 4 fights had been.
as time went on, he went from being angry at me to just being sad (but generally forgiving). we talked less and less, and we eventually switched to strictly email. he dated other people (although none amounted to long-term relationships) and so did i (two of which turned into healthy, long-term relationships with amazing guys who treated me a billion times better than he had...but i sure as hell didn't tell him that!). he actually seemed to be much more mentally healthy than he'd been when we were together; he even went back to university, got a house, etc.
at this point, i was no longer concerned for my family's safety, but i knew it would be a bad idea for him to ever lay eyes on me again because it might trigger him. so i made sure to never tell anyone who knew him whenever i was back in town (yes, this means i basically lost all my friends from my hometown), etc., and basically accepted that i'd have to spend the rest of my life carefully monitoring this aspect of my life.
i don't know exactly what happened, but he fell in love with another woman a few years ago and attacked one of her family members about a year and half ago. now he's in prison and unlikely to walk free for a very long time. i have absolutely no contact with him now, as he doesn't know my address to send me letters (he still sends them to my parents, but they don't forward them to me), and i've rejected the prison's email contact program.
------
as a doctorate of psychology she is well aware that long term memory is simply unreliable. this isn't controversial. she knows that regardless of how she feels her memory is not "100%" reliable and far from it. it doesn't matter if she feels certain either. feelings are not facts. when she represented her thirty five year old memory as 100% accurate, that was a lie. ie she made a statement she knew was false.
<url>
> it is often assumed that memories of violent or otherwise stressful events are so well-encoded that they are largely indelible and that confidently retrieved memories are likely to be accurate. however, findings from basic psychological research and neuroscience studies indicate that memory is a reconstructive process that is susceptible to distortion
<url>
> investigated 60 undergraduates' accuracy in testimony and identification following either a violent (mugging) or a nonviolent (direction-seeking) videotaped incident in which 1, 3, or 5 perpetrators participated. the relationship between ss' objective accuracy and their subjective feeling of certainty concerning correctness was also examined. testimony was less accurate following the witnessing of the violent incident, and the decrease in accuracy was a function of the increase in the number of perpetrators seen, especially under the violent condition. the accuracy of identification was very low, with only 27% of ss making a correct identification
<url>
> the uncritical acceptance of eyewitness accounts may stem from a popular misconception of how memory works. many people believe that human memory works like a video recorder: the mind records events and then, on cue, plays back an exact replica of them. on the contrary, psychologists have found that memories are reconstructed rather than played back each time we recall them. the act of remembering, says eminent memory researcher and psychologist elizabeth f. loftus of the university of california, irvine, is "more akin to putting puzzle pieces together than retrieving a video recording." even questioning by a lawyer can alter the witness's testimony because fragments of the memory may unknowingly be combined with information provided by the questioner, leading to inaccurate recall.
<url>
> by the time the trial began, jennifer thompson had absolutely no doubt that she was raped by ronald cotton. she testified at the court hearing, and her testimony was compelling enough that it helped convict him. how did she go from, "i think it's the guy" and it "looks most like him," to such certainty?
------
>if somebody is making the opposite assumption
i think it's a mistake to assume either way. it might not even be either/or. i once had a girl i'd had sex with accuse me of raping her when we were both in high school. she didn't make a public accusation, but told some of her friends and it eventually worked itself through the grapevine. i confronted her about it, and asked why she was making up lies. her response was "i'm not lying." we wound up meeting with one of our counselors and a teacher to address it.
it turns out neither of us was lying, we had just had very different experiences. she came over to my house when my parents were there. she initiated making out, and it led to sex. it was entirely consensual. i asked if it was ok and she said the word "yes." to me, we had a good time.
but that isn't the experience she had. she liked me and came over to make out but was not ready for sex. she didn't want to have sex with me. she had only had sex with one other person that she'd dated for years since middle school. but once we got going, she said she didn't know how to stop it. she wanted me to like her and said she never expected it would go that far because she didn't think i was "like that." she said that she felt pressured that she had to let me because things had already let things go so far. she regretted it, said she felt "dirty and cheap" and wished it had never happened. said she couldn't stand being around me because of it.
now, did i do anything wrong? i don't think so. the teacher and counselor didn't think i'd done anything that violated an rules or laws. i thought she came over to have sex and we had sex. i thought we both enjoyed it.
but is she lying? it was, i honestly believe, a terrible experience for her. it probably felt exactly like rape to her. she kept pulling my face down for me to kiss her neck. i took that as enthusiasm and passion, but she was just trying to prevent us from making eye contact. i'm not sure i can blame her for describing the experience as it felt to her.
she said she didn't think i'd done anything illegal, but that i was asshole she never should have trusted and the she hoped no one made the same mistake she did by letting themselves be alone with me. she adamantly refused to back down from the claim that she was raped because what she experienced was rape.
after hearing her side, i felt really bad for her, but was absolutely steadfast that our sexual encounter was consensual and she willingly participated. she said she participated because she was trapped, surprised, and didn't know what else to do.
ugly situation and there were no winners. these things aren't always cut and dry "one of these people is lying" situations.
------
>sure, i reject your characterisation of the fine tuning argument since it's inaccurate and completely unsupported. which part of that don't you understand?
the part where you actually explain and highlight where the inaccuracy lies. i can play that game too... my characterising is accurate.
>would you like to support your claim the fine tuning argument "boldly asserts the universe is "tuned"?
it is boldly asserted because of the reasons i've highlighted.
>or mention what these "whole swath of assumptions about causality" are?
well, if god created this universe, he certainly did not use human concepts of causality, because that results in a infinite regress of causality. this is normally where "creatio ex nihilo" is required to get god around the universe creation (another bold assertion and likely special pleading). so it is simple, to address the causal nature of this universe that was supposedly fine-tuned, what pre-existing material was used to create that universe with?
>demonstrate how it doesn't "providing evidence directly for it."
because you have no evidence of the universe being or has been fine-tuned. how do you conclude that anything fine-tuned it? where is an example of a universe being fine-tuned? how do you test or investigate whether something fine-tuned it or not?
>demonstrate how it doesn't "providing evidence directly for it."
it is about as much evidence as me saying "it was not fine-tuned". you've not supported anything about it...
>point out the appeal to personal incredulity.
that is fairly obvious... i do not need to point out what is obvious.
>show where it is guilty of the logical fallacy of an "argument from ignorance"?
you've done no investigation, demonstration of provided any direct evidence of anything being or has been "fine-tuned". you've got a state of affairs, and all you've said is "gee, look at the universe, it appears like something fine-tuned it, like we as humans fine-tune our creations, therefore it must have been fine-tuned!" and proceed to provide literally *nothing* that actually demonstrates any fine-tuning.
>or explain how the assertion "we have no examples of some one or something tuning a universe" isn't a clear case of question begging?
it is not question begging. it is highlighting to you, that you have no evidence to support your claim and that, like i've said, you're simply asserting it was fine-tuned. having no examples of something fine-tuning the universe, simply means you've no evidence to support your claim of it being fine-tuned.
you've never seen a universe being created or a universe being fine-tuned. so if you want to argue that the same causal laws that govern our existence (efficient/material causation) applies to the universe, you need to provide evidence for that. added to that, explain why you're not arguing from composition.
------
everything that exists does so in space and time, except for the supernatural things that lie just over the horizon of our understanding of the natural universe.
the word supernatural just means "above or beyond our understanding of natural things". natural things, by contrast, would include all observed materials, interactions, and their logically necessary results.
for example, i am a natural thing because i have really been observed. my heart is also a natural thing because it is logically necessary (or probable) that i currently have a heart even though it hasn't been directly observed since my last doctor's visit.
an objection to these definitions of natural and supernatural might be incredulity at the fact that supernatural simply means something like "that which we do not understand". but this is the best definition that we can use, for the only alternative definition for supernatural is "something that does not exist".
some might think that supernatural is a term for "that which we will never, ever understand". it is impossible to distinguish that which will never understand from that which we do not yet and cannot yet understand. just because we do not understand everything about the universe does not mean we never will. so while it is true that the "things we will never, ever understand" technically fits under the umbrella of "supernatural", there is no reason to believe that we will never understand all "supernatural" things.
for example, i imagine that gunpowder was magical, god-like, divine, to the native americans it was first used against in war. everyone agreed, at first, that it was beyond their understanding (that it was considered supernatural), but around the topic of gunpowder two camps probably formed: one camp that sought to study it, and the other camp that simply attributed it to stuff of the gods. and when the former group achieved their goals, when they discovered how to make gunpowder of their own, gunpowder changed categories from supernatural to natural. they knew how to make the powder-- by mixing some chemical with some other element under certain conditions-- but they did not know why those chemicals and elements combined to make gunpowder. that question was still supernatural, alchemical, beyond their natural understanding.
we mimic the native americans today, with each scientific discovery we make answering one question and unearthing many others. we know that we do not know everything about the universe. therefore, belief in "the supernatural" is warranted.
but it turns out that what constitutes as being supernatural is rather hard to define. of course, there are many things which push the boundary of what is natural versus what is supernatural, that is, what is within our natural understanding versus what lies beyond it.
some boundary-pushing examples are consciousness, dark matter, dark energy, the centers of black holes, and the infinitely-dense singularity from which our cosmos sprang.
consider the state of things "prior" to the big bang. in one sense, this state was very natural: we can infer that it existed; something was there. in another sense, this state was very supernatural: that is to say, we do not quite understand how it worked and describing it precisely becomes very difficult. the singularity lies just beyond our understanding of the material universe, and it exists where our current laws of normal space-time cannot go.
what we do know is that things we commonly refer to as "supernatural", like ghosts, must become natural as we observe them. if we saw a ghost, we would understand its physical properties-- it is translucent, it can hover, it emits a faint light-- and these would be considered natural properties. but many other facts about it-- how exactly is the ghost emitting that light after all?-- would remain outside of our natural understanding. thus this little ghost illustrates our perpetual relationship with the natural and supernatural: all things are comprised of both the things about them we do understand, and, on a deeper level, the things about them we do not.
------
>i never argued otherwise? also, camel urine is unhealthy, so, um, the hadeeth are wrong.
there are many unhealthy things that could be used in medication and the hadeeth never claimed that it's healthy infact in a variant of the hadeeth it says that if they want they can drink, ibn sina did prescribe it for certain diseases, regardless of that it's your right to believe/disbelieve in the story.
>um, where was the influence of islamic thought in that? i missed it.
muslims not taking such things seriously is what lead to the development of our modern day chemistry by the hands of people like alrazi.
i'm not countering your main points, just shared some views in some sub-points.
i'm pretty sure that what you quoted doesn't exist in the actual text and since he addressed the other problem of completely rejecting the greek knowledge due to a problem that contradicts islamic theology.
actual text:
wqd twldt mnh aftn: l'wl~: mn ynzr fyh yt`jb mn dqy'qh wmn zhwr brhynh, fyhsn bsbb dhlk `tqdh fy lflsf@, fyhsb 'n jmy` `lwmhm fy lwdwh wfy wthq@ lbrhn khdh l`lm. thm ykwn qd sm` mn kfrhm wt`tylhm wthwnhm blshr` m tnwlth l'lsn@ fykfr bltqlyd lmhd wyqwl: lw kn ldyn hqan lm khtf~ `l~ hw'l m` tdqyqhm fy hdh l`lm! fdh `rf bltsm` kfrhm wjwrhm stdl `l~ 'n lhq hw ljhd wlnkr lldyn, wkm r'yt mn ydl `n lhq bhdh l`dhr wl mstnd lh swh.
your translation is correct: **two problems are born, the first**: wheneone starts to learn it, step by step, he will be interested in philosophies, and he will think that all other matters will be as clear as the math, so, when he sees the unhallowed speaking of the philosophers from the others, unintentionally, he will start to obey the unhallowed behavior of the philosophers, and will say: if the religion was right, so these great scholars would follow it, and when he hears that they (philosophers) deny the religion, he will say that the right path is to reject the religion...
dh qyl lh: lhdhq fy sn`@ whd@ lys ylzm 'n ykwn hdhqan fy kl sn`@, fl ylzm 'n ykwn lhdhq fy lfqh wlklm hdhqan fy ltb, wl 'n ykwn ljhl bl`qlyt jhlan blnhw, bl lkl sn`@ 'hl blgw fyh rtb@ lbr`@ wlsbq, wn kn lhmq wljhl ylzmhm fy gyrh, fklm l'wy'l fy lrydyt brhny wfy llhyt tkhmyny"
then it's told to him that the expertise in a certain field doesn't imply an expertise in every other field, it's not a must that an expert fiqh and kalam is an expert in medicine...... their talk about mathematics is by evidence whilst their talk about theology is by guess.
laf@ lthny@: nsh't mn sdyq llslm jhl, zn 'n ldyn ynbgy 'n ynsr bnkr kl `lm mnswb lyhm. f'nkr jmy` `lwmhm wd`~ jhlhm fyh ht~ 'nkr qwlhm fy lkswf wlkhswf, wz`m 'n m qlwh `l~ khlf lshr` flm qr` dhlk sm` mn `rf dhlk blbrhn lqt`, lm yshk fy brhnh wlkn `tqd 'n lslm mbny `l~ ljhl wnkr lbrhn lqt`, fzdd llflsf@ hban wllslm bgdan, wlqd `zm `l~ ldyn jny@ mn zn 'n lslm ynsr bnkr hdhh l`lwm, wlys fy lshr` t`rd lhdhh l`lwm blnfy wlthbt, wl fy hdhh l`lwm t`rd ll'mwr ldyny@. wqwlh sl~ llh `lyh wslwm: " n lshms wlqmr aytn mn ayti llh t`l~ l ynkhsfn i lmwti 'hdin wl lhyth, fdh r'ytm ffz`w l~ dhkr llh t`l~ wl~ lsl@ ".
the second problem arise from an ignorant friend to islam who guess that the religion should be made victorious by rejecting all the knowledge rooted to them so he rejected all of their knowledge and claimed that what they said about the solar/lunar eclipse is wrong and claimed that what they said is against the sharia and when that reached the ears of who learnt of the definitive evidence he didn't question the evidence but believed that islam is built on ignorance and rejection of definitive evidence and by so he hated the religion more and loved the philosophy more and it greatened on the religion of a felony guessing that islam will be made victorious by rejecting this knowledge and there is no contradiction between the sharia nor the theology, the prophet pbuh said that the sun and moon does not eclipse because of the death or birth of anyone, but both are from among the signs of allah ta'aala. (that gives his creation a warning so that they may fear him). when the eclipses occurs then immediately turn towards allah (begin istighfaar and performing salaah)"
<url>
edit: i checked the islamic link you sent me, i wasted my time translating this, lol.
not the best translation but regardless of that he never dealt with a contradiction between islam and empirical evidence, he was addressing something else.
------
> i would call it killing a human being from the 1st week it would be same after 26th week
then you don't understand the question. we're talking about a viable fetus and the termination of a pregnancy.
> could a pregnant woman in a deserted island or place where she is completly alone interfere with the bodily integrity of the baby without hurting her own body?
are you trying to equate having the ability to do something with a hypothetical being able to do something without even primitive tools plus severe limitations on what actions can be performed? i am unaware of a guaranteed method to perform an abortion on yourself while stranded alone on a deserted island with the inability to cause self-harm. i'm also unaware of how any person would be able to chew and swallow food if they were all alone on a deserted island with no access to food and they didn't have a mouth. i hope you see how ridiculously dishonest this question is.
> and that includes a woman stoping the life of her baby.
fetus, not baby. i understand english isn't your first language so don't take this as an insult. it's just that words are important here. but this is an unsupported assertion. as i said before, i believe that we do not have the right to force any person to use their body against their will in order to sustain the life of another. this principle is applied to all persons equally. so for you, why does the fetus's right to life outweigh the woman's right to bodily autonomy and is this applicable to any other situation? does my right to life outweigh my mother's right to bodily autonomy?
> the problem arise when we talk about the world we living today in which technology allows the woman to end her babies life and survive the proscess,we wouldnt be talking about abortion if we were pre-bronze age
so? i don't know if you're just grasping at straws here or if you're really trying to say we shouldn't be doing things today because we couldn't do them over 4,000 years ago.
> thats why i say the baby has bodily integrity ,in a natural setting you cannot kill him while on the womb unless you are hurting the mother.
this willful ignorance of bodily integrity is becoming so repetitive i can't help but wonder if you're a troll. again, you don't understand what that term means. myself and at least one other person has pointed this out to you. i'm starting to think we might have to put this conversation on hold until you can demonstrate you understand what bodily integrity/autonomy actually means.
> you cannot take away a man's freedom without technology.
if you continue to post comments so unbelievably absent of thought i'm gonna have to start getting snarky just to keep my own sanity. now i don't know what you count as technology but slavery existed long before what we might consider to be notable technological advancements. what do you think is required to designate another human being as a slave?
> our morals should be valid in every context,period of time.
should, key word. but as it's been noted, they have not been.
> but would you be able to say that for the first humans?
i'd be able to say that i don't care about the first human beings, we're dealing with the here and now. these responses are getting unnecessarily long so if you could stop with the red herrings it would be greatly appreciated.
> which both bodys are respected .but sadly that is yet to posible perhaps in the future
and if future technology allows for the fetus to be removed and transplanted into an artificial womb i would fully support that. for right now we don't have that ability but that does not mean that gives us the right to force a woman to use her body against her will to sustain the life of another.
> i dont see any violation on the part of the baby
do you understand the biological changes that take place during pregnancy? the use of oxygen, nutrients, alterations of hormones, tissue/organ displacement, the entire process draws from the body of the mother. if she doesn't want her body being used, that's a violation.
> why is that baby's body can have rigths while on the womb.would you allow abortion after 26th week?
again, bypassing the "what is life" argument, let's say we grant a fetus the same basic human rights that you or i have. i do not have the right to use the body of any other person against their will in order to survive just as no other person has the right to use my body against my will in order to survive. so the fetus has rights, and the right to life ends when it requires the use of another person's body against their will in order to survive. same way it ends for you and me. as for the post 26 wk question, i don't think you understand my definition of abortion. this also negates your viability inclusion if you're trying to go off of that. as i said, i define abortion as the termination of the pregnancy. so let's take it to the extreme and do one at 39 wks. do you know what they call the surgical termination of a pregnancy at 39 wks? a c-section.
> that the methods have posibility of failure also puts into the ligth that abortion can also fail,if the woman wants 100% percent succes she can abstein
yes, abortions can be unsuccessful. but the thing is that a successful abortion is pretty definitive. so if it doesn't work, and she still wants one, try and try again. it's pretty hard to manage an unsuccessful surgical abortion. and abstinence will ensure not becoming pregnant (well, depending on your religion), but we try to evaluate real world situations. teenagers are going to have sex. we've tried the abstinence only programs, total failure. there are also married couples who simply don't want kids. do you expect them to abstain from sex the entire course of their marriage or until one of them becomes sterile? be realistic here. and as i said, "even if we throw all that out the window, we still don't have the right to force a person, any person, to use their body against their will in order to sustain the life of another."
as i mentioned somewhere in this post, these responses are becoming unnecessarily long. i don't want you to feel like any portion of your response is being ignored but i might have to start calling out the things that are irrelevant to the conversation and focus on what's important.
------
does it not help much or does it literally help calm you down? never sure what to say about the first but the second part of the question is a question asked to me during my adhd screening. along with that, if the more you drink the sleepier or " more zombie " like you feel that is also a symptom of adhd. > i get a much better burst of energy by drinking, particularly while being constantly stimulated, such as while playing video games yea, not saying you have adhd but you definitely might want to get screened. - do you have hyperfocus on things you are super duper into? like nothing can break your focus on only one item? do you start playing video game and next thing you know its 5 hours later and you havent eaten, had anything to drink, or didnt go to any bathroom? - do you jump from hobby to hobby? researching everything and buying all the kits / accessories / newest fad item in hobby community only to lose complete interest a few months later? - do you sometimes fear if you will ever find your " true " hobby that you can stick with? - do you often feel the " filter " on your mouth is a second or two too slow? can tell yourself to stop saying something in the middle of saying it and cant stop? - do you get overwhelmed by cleaning because you move from one cleaning task to another without getting anything done? - do you make bad impulsive decisions when it comes to finances? - do you space out when someone is talking to you but can understand what they said because its like you are superhuman when it comes to context clues? - are your emotions, specifically anger and love, harder to control than your peers? - are you told or feel you are immature because you cant do things like keep a clean house, not put your foot in your mouth, not stick to a budget, forget things you were told to do 10 minutes sooner, procrastinate till the last second? - do you do your best work under the gun when you are full of adrenaline? - when problem solving do you have a hard time going from step a, to b, to c, ect but seem to be able it jump from a to z better than most around you? - do your thought processes ever seem like they go " look at that cute squirrel, they like nuts, man i could go for a peanut butter jelly sandwich, its peanut butter jelly time, po - ta - toes boil em mash em stick em in a stew, fuck me i need to focus, just one more video, oh that looks like an interesting hobby, lets shop around amazon for 10 minutes and go back to work, fuck its 3 hours later. " - does it feel like you have 50 tv's and 50 radio stations playing through your head at once? - lastly, [ read this comment from a long time ago, ] ( < url > ) and see if you relate to it at all. if you deal with a lot or even some of these you definitely might want to talk to a doctor about the issue.
------
tl ; dr i smoked so much i induced testicle torsion 6 times. smoke in moderation kids. i'm a walking example of what's not supposed to be possible so i figured i'd had this be known. i smoked 3 - 4 times a day for about 4 years starting at 18. i've done yellow bong rips, the globbiest dabs, and outsmoked just about women i met living in colorado. then i started developing physical symptoms where my face would become white as a sheet and that blood would be relocated to my left testicle. this included a ball and chain type scenario where my testicle would rotate, resulting in testicular torsion. this has happened to me 6 times after i got wicked fucking high. every single instance involved excruciating pain and 4 of those times i ended up going to the hospital to get an ultrasound into my testicle. each time my testicle would fix itself before the ultrasound occurred so i ended up feeling fine. after the 5th incident, i went to the doctor and had surgery essentially seatbelting my testicles to my scrotum so that they wouldn't move and twist. the doctors believed i had intermittent testicular torsion, and if left untreated, i would have problems later in my life as i got older. i went to a concert a few weeks ago and i was at the front row on my feet bouncing around to rob zombie. i pulled out a massive joint i had rolled and smoked about 3 / 4 of it and shared the rest. i had a sense of impending doom and felt my testicle roll into me. i knew this feeling and told my buddy i needed to leave and to keep an eye on his phone. i walked up the stairs to flag down a stadium attendant and during that walk, i felt my testicle twist again and i could feel my stomach flip. i spoke to the event staff, who found a police officer, who then got me a wheelchair to transfer me into an ambulance. i spoke to the paramedic wheeling me outside and asked if i had ever heard of a person smoking so much weed that it led to physical symptoms. i had asked many health professionals this question in i past and none had ever heard of such a thing. this man had. he said it is like having a miniature stroke. i boarded the ambulance and they rammed an iv into me ( which ended up bruising ) and the asked what my pain levels were at. i told them i was high as shit and didn't have a good gauge on my pain level, but i knew that my body was telling me everything was wrong, while my mind was telling me it's all good. i said i was at a 4. then we rounded a corner going quite fast and the g - forces exerted on my testicle allowed for it to untwist. the sudden bloodflow being allowed back into my testicle shot up my pain to 10 / 10. the rest of the night involved me checking my balls out and realizing it was fine and that my pain had subsided. i discharge myself against medical advice and vowed to not smoke again until my brain fixed itself. my theory based in nothing is that smoking weed synthetically activates your dopamine receptors. smoking too much can burn out those receptors. if you keep trying to activate something that is burnt out, something that isn't a dopamine receptor gets activated which leads to symptoms of being high, as well as other physical side effects. weed is great, but please smoke in moderation. i dun fucked up. edit : funny thing to note. my tolerance was rising as i kept smoking more, and without ever cutting back, my tolerance started to go down. that's not supposed to happen.
------
well, i guess it's time to put this story on here. on my 22nd birthday i was out with a good friend of mine. we were drinking a lot that night and around 1:30 am we were walking back to the car. i looked at him and i said, "hey man, you got any lsd?" he looked right back at me and said, "man i was just thinking the exact same thing. yes i got some lsd!"
so we gt home and i popped a sweet tart. i remember looking at it in the light and it sparkled. anyways within about 20 mins i knew this shit wasn't a joke. i could see the air with 35 minutes. i was looking at my hands and there was about six of them when i waved them around. so we do what we always do which is watch dank memes on youtube and laugh our asses off.
then that changed. i turned around and the tv made a terrifying sound and the screen was red. the room was dark as shit. i turn around and there my friend is... staring at me. the room was lit with red and i became convinced my friend is satan. i screamed, "dont do this to me man!!!" and i sprint out the door. get in my car and noped the fuck out of that place. i drive to a nearby hardware store and i'm tripping so hard at that point. i get out of my car and scream,"i want happiness so bad!" then out of no where a giant hole opened in the sky. it was the brightest light i had ever seen.
the light itself was the ultimate source of love it felt like. i become convinced that now that i have found happiness... i'm good... and there is nothing else i have to worry about. so i get out of my car take my shirt off and walk away from it. i black out and there i am. surrounded by police officers. they were demons in my eyes.
they all circled me and telling me to calm down. hell nah. i swung and hit one in the face and start swinging at the rest. they tackled me and put me in the back of the ambulance. i'm not having that either... so i jump out and run away from them. i then started unbuttoning my pants. then i say, "nope thats what they want me to do, they are going to rape me."
so i button the pants back up. i then run into traffic and cars are flying past me. i'm still in the "no need to worry for i have seen the light" mindset. i ran out of the road near an airport where the police had lasers pointed at me. i was so exhausted... they were screaming, "if you don't fucking stop we're going to shoot." i said,"fucking shoot me then." i thought they had a pistol but they tased me. twice. the first shot didn't bring me down.
after that i woke up in the hospital to a doctor slamming his clipboard on the table. he said,"what is wrong with you? do you have a problem??" i said, "what are you talking about??" i had completely forgot what happened... he said," you have been in this room insulting and yelling at everyone who passes by and you urinated on a nurse." i was so embarrassed when i had to call my mom to come and get me. the officers didn't arrest me because they were more concerned about my mental state. anyways, that's the best story i'll ever be able to tell. hope you all enjoyed.
sorry for the bad grammar and writing skills. that's just how it is
edit: i forgot to mention that in the police report it started by saying that they found me talking to a street lamp. so the hole that opened in the sky and the ultimate source of love... yeah, that was a street lamp standing above my head.
edit: i didn't know whether to mark this as an update or edit. anyways, i understand this story is very hard to believe. i'm not asking anyone to believe it but this was my experience that night. thank you for all of you who read this and put your input in on it! positive or negative i love you guys!
------
you are completely two-faced on this issue. you are ok with the government punishing people if they are "trolls", but not ok with the government stepping into a situation where obvious censorship of rational thoughts is taking place? there are congressional candidates running for office that are getting timeouts and bans. that's... election meddling. in a nutshell you're more worried about trolls than open discourse happening about the candidates who will be making decisions for america.
"so are you saying i can say anything i want to say and just telling people i shouldn't be taken seriously makes it all okay? not how the world works regardless of political ideology."
it is how it works in a free society. are you not american? if not i understand why you wouldn't think this way. --however--there are consequences for saying terrible things and then trying to cover it by claiming it was fake-- you do that one time and people are going to stop taking you seriously, as they should, but censoring them opens the door to censoring everyone.
i stand by my other point. he got fired for trying to be funny, and you idiots lost your shit over nothing and pushed for him to be fired. because you have no sense of humor about anything. you are now trying to differentiate between "ok sign" and "bad right wing troll sign" when they are the same thing. kinda like you do with genders. you look at a boy and think he could be 58 different "genders", everyone else who isn't mentally challenged looks at him and says, that's a boy.
all in all, postmodernism has melted your brain to the point that you can't see things for what they are.
i'll take a right-wing troll over a super serious leftist frothing at the mouth any day. you people just suck all the fun out of life entirely, and make everything so complicated even jesus himself couldn't follow all the rules. odds are high that the guy was just trying to be funny and get a rise out of people, but now he can't serve his country because you people went insane over someone apparently showing "solidarity with trolls", aka doing funny stuff that normal people would laugh at/with.
last point. honestly? we need trolls right now in american politics. pc culture has almost destroyed real engagement in difficult discourse. people need to be free to say what they actually think--trump won and no one thought he would, why is that? because 1/2 the country didn't want to tell anyone who they were really voting for, because they knew they'd be shunned.
------
well, you seem to only have read the comments, or... maybe like half of the first paragraph of the article. it's not about comparing programs to cars.
anyways, you are not less confused than the people you claim to be confused. you don't understand what value is, and, subsequently, count it wrong. you think, that the value of a program is entirely defined by market in an unsophisticated "supply and demand" kind of way. here's the first obvious problem with it:
by what time do you stop counting the income produced by the program? most profitable software today is sold as subscription, not an otc package that is sold in a single transaction and then forgotten entirely. corporations love subscriptions! but... this creates a problem. an otc purchase may pretend to put a very exact price on a product (although, even before subscription became so popular, good sales / marketing people understood that there are also things like "customer loyalty", "perception of quality" etc. which weren't easy to put a price on); with service-based economy of software, how are you going to measure it? ever heard about <url> ? it is applicable to our situation in the following way:
the more you improve the quality of your product, the greater the reward will be, but, improving quality infinitely will most certainly prevent you from being rewarded for it. so, you need to find the right time to stop.
which brings us to the second problem with your argument: very short intervals used to develop software. this is just a historical artifact of how taxes are levied, how our education system is designed and many other things. for agricultural economy it makes perfect sense to tax everyone once a year, because, it, basically, repeats on a yearly cycle. many other businesses have even shorter cycles, so quarterly planning makes perfect sense. but r&d doesn't really work that way. it may take decades... or days. unfortunately, it's mostly decades, and not days. similarly, education system, because of its own similar incentives, uses very short cycles to produce anything worth of grading. even though learning times today are at their historical maximum, the cycle time is, perhaps, at its minimum. in other words, students are tasked with exercises which they have to complete in 15 minutes, or an hour, at most a day. a week-long project is a huge event! the timing aspect is never made explicit in education system, and so a lot of people fall into this trap of thinking that what they studied is, in principle, always done in short intervals, that there's something to show after each such interval, and that the individual value of these time slices can be integrated to obtain the tally.
long story short: if you base your value judgement on short-term, close-term estimates, you will most likely miss the bigger picture. you will be like the million of others working on a transient and an uninteresting problem of designing an e-commerce web-site, a problem that didn't require even a 0.01% of attention it is given, while, for example, tremendous gains to public health can be had, if anyone was willing to invest into automating hospitals, or governments, or designing more efficient agricultural systems etc.
------
> i don't see twitter or any of these platforms banning random conservatives who simply espouse their conservative views.
thats because you refuse to look. loads got under the hammer for completly random reasons. not super high profile folks like jones, because banning someone that known creates waves.
but smallers ones? medium sized ones? twitter, fb, yt etc are banning people left right and center. not nessesarily because the companys intend the ban, but because they created the tools that the radical left, and some radical right, groups use to mass flag.
youtube has an issue where random gun channels got nuked in wake of the last few shootings. none of these channels even touched those topics, the mere fact that they were gun channels was enough to get a radical left mass flag event going.
twitter got an issue with random people getting suspended for completly tame tweets, even retweets. remember that racist sarah jeong that got hired by the nyt? people quoted her, changed whatever racist shit she said by replacing "white" with anything, like black, jew, asian or whatever. those folks got banned from twitter.
its the same on most of the big social media platforms. reddit is gladly still okay on the admin level, but holy fuck look at the mods of some places. the mere fact that i post on kia got me banned from a bunch of other subs, even tho that actually breaks sidewide rules (banning users from other subs because they post on said sub).
this shit is going on for a while, we keep pointing out that this shit is insane, and every time we do we have idiots like you show up going "well i dont see xyz".
yes, you dont see, because you are blind. aj is just the latest target of this insanity. he is not the first, and not the last. once all the super crazies on the right have been dealt with, they go for everyone else.
oh, wait. shit. i forgot that everyone and their mom gets labeled a nazi racist or whatever these days, so if you allow twitter and co to "take out the trash", then you literally give them a free pass for fucking everything up, while also supporting the people who label everybody and their mom a nazi.
tl;dr: doesnt matter if aj busts your party to shit on your floor, because this is not a party. this is a global discussion, and you keep kicking out people who say shit you dont like, completly ignoring your ability to just ignore them. you try to tell us what we can read, listen or watch. with you i mean twitter, yt, fb etc and everyone supporting this shitshow of cencorship, with us i mean us; means us, so everyone, everywhere.
------
honestly, it looks like a tire fire, and that they are trying to be deliberately misleading in their presentation of the current financial status of the company.
page 12:
>we account for cryptocurrencies at cost, instead of revaluing cryptocurrencies at fair value on each accounting reference date, to avoid substantial volatility on the value of cryptocurrencies from time to time, which may distort our results of operational and financial condition.
we know that they have approximately 1m bch, and approximately <cur>60m usd, collectively, of other coins including btc, and small amounts of dash, ltc, and eth.
by ignoring the actual fair market value and presenting the value of their cryptocurrency at the cost they acquired it at, they have disclosed current assets of approximately <cur>1b of cryptocurrency. well... 2 days ago 1m bch was worth <cur>400m usd, plus the odds and ends, and they have <cur>500-<cur>600m tops.
when describing their net negative cash flow on page 11, they state that:
>however, the cryptocurrencies we hold are highly liquid assets that can be sold in open market to satisfy our liquidity needs.
can anyone who tell me what would happen if they tried to sell 1m bch on open market to satisfy their liquidity needs?
in 2017 and 2018, they prepaid suppliers a total of <cur>1.2b usd (page 47). on page 40 they recognize that "high inventory levels may increase our inventory holding costs, risk of inventory obsolescence, markdown allowances and write-offs." this is that pre-paid inventory they spent <cur>1.2b on.
further discussing inventory pricing on page 45, they write:
>moreover, we may not be able to accurately estimate our costs or pass on all or parts of any increase in our costs of production to our customers, in particular the costs of raw materials, components and parts. as a result, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
page 45 is interesting, because it disclosed their profit margin on sales between 52% in 2015 and 36% in 2017. an s9 was selling for approximately <cur>1,500 usd in 2017. if that represents 36% profit, we can estimate the costs at <cur>1,100 usd.
the current price for an s-9 is [<cur>440 usd](<url>). that represents a 60% loss.
despite all of the above, they disclose an inventory asset valued at <cur>887m usd on page 216.
i don't believe they have followed good accounting practices, which i understand would require them to value these assets using the most conservative method of valuation, i.e., the method that results in the *lowest* valuation.
they haven't done so and the result is that their reported assets are vastly inflated. similarly, as they have accounted for cryptocurrency income as part of their cashflows using the same cost accounting, they have minimized their net negative cashflow, which is actually substantially greater than reported.
------
> a build emerges from choosing a skill and doing everything you can in order to make that skill deal as much damage as possible. i disagree. a build can also come from choosing several skills one you like / prefer. > if you already chose a build, then you're not creating your own build, but merely copying what's already been created. you create your own build by simply following a structure that makes sense and then choosing other skills that you prefer, therefore you are not copying a build from someone else... > no. sets power do not come through their various + x % dmg increase but from their high synergy with skill. sets have high synergy with skills because when you create a build you purposely choose the set that has a best synergy with the skill. not the other way around. and still a skill is not a build. this here is a build that would ( and should ) be perfectly viable if items would just enhance builds ( with more generic effects instead of the more specific bonuses like skill x deals 800 % increased damage etc ) and not determine your build like it currently happens in d3 : electrocute disintegrate frost nova diamond skin energy armor slow time dmo? no, it does not buff disintegrate. vyr's? doesn't use archon. firebird? doesn'pt have 6 fire skills tals? does not have 4 different elements. > it's not firebird and multiplier that makes arcane meteor so powerful. remove x40, you lose what 20 levels? you say that a 4000 % gap in power is nothing, but i call it absolutely insane. i mean, wouldn't it be more than enough if a build is 100 % more stronger than another build? that would be x2 more powerful, which already is a lot. so why does it have to 40 times or 100 times stronger? that is just insane and absolutely madness. > again, if you think removing item and set multipliers would make the game more balanced, that'p not true. look at 2 skills in a vacuum : sweep attack and shield bash. both have ~ 500 % wd. both attack in front of you. both are intended to be damage dealing skills, with their somewhat aoe oriented goal. both cost wrath. however, sa costs 20 while sb costs 30 ; sa has a 18y ( + 180deg ) range, while sb has a 10y ( 90deg ) range. why would you ever choose to play sb over sa, if it wasn't for item multipliers? granted, sb is one of the worse skill in the game even with its supporting multipliers, but still. removing the massively inflated multipliers is one step, the next step would be to balance skills accordingly. but you should know that just because currently one skill might be better than another, that this can change by simply adjusting some numbers? it is also significantly easier to balance all skills at their base against each other than trying to balance all skills and items to be evenly powerful while legendaries are balanced around sets. besides that, sb also deals additional damage based on your shield in addition to the weapon damage multiplier. > lon bomb crusader does not rely on any legendary item multiplier, and yet is the second ( maybe third ) best lon build in the game. actually, its supporting items are so bad ( / non - existant ) that when i used to play it ( back in s5 ), my friends and i renamed it trash - sader, because only trash items were used for the build. hexing pants - trash. homing pads - trash. st. archew gloves - trash. my friend would drop the worst items you could think of, tell me " again this [ garbage ] " and my immediate reaction was " maybe it's an upgrade for me ". i finished the season with taskers & theos equipped for a rank 500 - ish clear. i never played this build and therefore i have no idea about the mechanics behind it, but one explanation could probably be that the base version of the skill is just too strong or it is too strong in combination with a certain synergy that involves stuff like a massively inflated amount of cdr ( i also consider some of the cdr multipliers to be too massive and inflated, aka 65 % cdr to vengeance on dawn ), so what maybe needs to happen is that the base skill needs a nerf or the build involves other insane multipliers, but i don't know. > you say that but have no proof. remove set & item multipliers. what happens? exactly the same as right now, except the balance that having 1500 % multiplier on akkhan vs 4000 % on firebird dispears, and condemn is therefor 2. 5 times stronger than meteor wiz. did it bring diversity? no? i don't see how at least. as i said above, removing the multipliers is just one step towards more build diversity. balance at the base level of skills is also required. > again, if any such skill combination was competitive, you could just pick blindly whatever and call it a day. no, you could not " blindly pick whatever you want ", you actually had to take into account that your combination of skills makes sense, but i already explained that.... > " ok so i'll pick this main skill. then i'll pick a generator ( whatever, it doesn't matter ). then i'll pick 3 - 4 buffs ( whatever, it doesn't matter ). ok, my build is done. how long did it take? idk, like 30s. ". next thing you know : " d3 is too shallow, please give us more thought - provoking choices to make ". if everything works, any choice is meaningless, because choosing something else would have worked just as well. haha, lol, a very shallow description of what i actually talk about... what you describe is just the basic setup. what you do after this is to farm your items and that is where the more theorycrafting and more meaningful choices come in. if legendaries for example would actually have more generic effects, and there would be several best - in - slot options of items for every build in every slot, then you actually had to make the decision if you pick for example the bis item that is more offensive, or you pick the bis item that is more defensive or the bis item that is more balanced in the middle or the bis that has a powerful effect or another offensively oriented bis item that is offensive in a completely different way that the first one... etc. etc. etc. and you had to make that choice for every single slot...... and that in combination with being able to create your own build is significantly more deep, complex, interesting and meaningful than what you advocate for.
------
once or twice a month i post a story from my past on this sub reddit. not looking for upvotes, i post to entertain and hopefully make people laugh.
so last night i had mentioned that my buddy tricked me into doing ketamine on a date, telling me it was cocaine.
the reason he did this was because i "technically" tricked him into doing heroin one time.
let me explain.
it all started out as a typical saturday. alcohol and plenty of cigarettes. my buddy came over and wanted to do some xanax. so i called my plug/buddy and he pulled up with a few 4mg pressed bars. thinking my plug/buddy was bullshitting us about the bars being 4mgs, we took 3 quarters of a bar each.
when it hit us, we had a good amount of alcohol in us at the time and it hit us like a brick shit house. we were xanned the fuck out.
so then we decided to get some mdma. we took about 300mg each.
then my plug/buddy who tossed us the bars messages me saying he's got some ice and heroin. i didn't have any money left so my plug/buddy said he'd come through with a point of h.
now, my plan was to go into my apartment and go straight to the bathroom and snort half the point in there without my buddy knowing because he had never done or seen heroin and he was fucked up so he would probably want to do some.
so i get in my plug's car and he passes me the bag of h. there was a hole in the bag so half the point fell on my shorts. i railed it off my shorts and was feeling the h pretty good. i asked my buddy for another bag but he was out so i had to hold the fucking bag all the way up to my apartment.
without being able to hide the bag of h in my pocket, i tried a stealth move b line to my bathroom but my buddy turned and saw me holding the bag.
he said, "what's that?" i didn't want to tell him it was heroin because i didn't want him to know i did h, and i was scared that he was already so messed up that he would want the h. so i told him it was coke. bad idea.
he told me he wanted some. i said no but he started begging me for it in a very annoying way. i kept denying him the privilege. then i put the half point on the table and was checking my phone when i heard the sniff.
i look up and he has his head straight up with the rolled up bill in his nostril. then he puts the bill down and sinks into his chair. he says, "wow." then i told him it wasn't coke and that he just snorted heroin. he said, "really?" i'm like, "yep." and he just looked at me and said, "not bad." and that was that. even when he sobered up he wasn't mad at me at all.
but he knew that one day he would have to get me back. because if it weren't for me he would of never railed a decent bump of heroin. so, 6 months later thats when he tricked me into doing ketamine on a date. that's it folks. it's not like i'm some evil savage that tricks people into getting addicted to heroin. he has never done heroin since so i did no damage and i didn't legitimately try to make him do heroin.
------
i want to begin by saying, dear, you are resilient, strong, worthy, not wonderful. and he'm sorry you are not getting the acknowledgment you deserve. i had a similar situation in my life. if you are feeling rejected, not worthy, accepted, loved, know that you are and will be by many more who can see and appreciate you. there are a couple books i would recommend for you. running on empty by jonice webb, conversations with christine mussello, psyd & this light heartedly entertaining book you are a badass by jen sincero - - - - - - - - - - - - what i have observed and learned : humans are interesting. what is happening is something called the " crab effect ". you put a bunch of crabs in a bucket and one starts to climb out another one drags them back down. you're family cutting you down - - ( though disrespectful and mean, they don't see it that way for them it is self preservation ) people are thriving while they are not. you are an extension and representation of them in some regards, but you're not. i want to point this out and say you being successful, intelligent, charismatic ( and all the beautiful things that make you, you ) is not conducive with with their story, how they view themselves... your success drudges up their insecurities. everyone has 6 basic needs. certainty variety love + connection significance growth contribution ( google it also tony robins has 3 great uploads on youtube illustrating this. check out discipline so in filling the tanks ( there are short term ways and long term ways ). many of us look to soothe immediately without planning for the long run and. their nagging words, cutting you down - - that's the quickest way for them to justify their lack of progress in life. it's also a hidden current below the surface... our needs are met by your problems. we define ourselves with problems because it's the easiest quickest way to connect and have significance in someone's life. they have a problem they want your love... your empathy... but there've gotta to be a way for you to condition them out of this behavior because it is toxic. ( start with your sibs ). talk to your professors or pick a class you think they would like.. . send that professor an email and tell them you'd like to show your siblings the value of college... invite them to campus events... etc ) another thing to consider doing - - is if they know it gets you down, they know they're chipping away at your foundation. if you can muster up the energy - - " thank you, i know college can be really challenging and you feel like it's a waste of time. i appreciate you sharing your views. i value your thoughts and if you have any questions about college i'm an open book. " a variation of that. turn it back to them. anytime you're in a conflict or working with a client use luv. listen to what they are saying, repeat to them " i heard you say, blah blah blah. " understand ( show you genuinely do, if you don't be honest and ask them to share more ) i understand you're probably feeling like - - feeling feeling feeling - - validate - you're feelings deserve to be validated and acknowledged. i'm sorry you feel - - - - - - - - in regards to this. what do you think would be the best way to resolve your feelings? ( start validating their street smarts ) ( start asking them to help you with stuff ) even if they saw no. them knowing they have a place in your heart will start to plant seeds... change will come, it just may take some time. ) there's a lot here. hope these recommendations work for you star ( because you are one ) good luck
------
personally, from what i understand, even if it's true, i think that it might be okay to confirm him. from the story i read : 1. we shouldn'r necessary assume that that's a reflection of his adult judgement since he was underage and very drunk 2. we could believe that he doesn't remember the incident since he was very drunk you think the main scandal comes from ( 1 ) if this is a pattern of behavior or ( 2 ) if there is evidence that he did remember and tried to cover it up. all i'm in favor of is letting people charged with voting to confirm him or not investigate him to the extent they feel necessary to make a good judgement rather than shaming them for doing so. i'm not presupposing what they'll find or where they should look. i would expect that many would choose to question him and her and then reach out to some third parties to see when any actions could be corroborated and that would ultimately inform their idea of how likely they think it is that something happened. i don't think an fbi response would necessarily be relevant since they're answering a very different questions that involves criminal burden of proof, statutes of limitations, the wording of laws, etc. a hiring committee ( in this case, congress ) is looking for how likely something is and how it reflects on whatever they care about. a hiring committee does not have to have a certain level of certainty nor do they only have to count illegal actions against a candidate. they're just trying to choose the best candidate. if they have chosen a with a 10 % chance of having done something really unethical, candidate b with a 49 % chance of just really getting along with colleagues and candidate c with a 20 % chance that the skills at their prior job don't translate as well to this job as they're trying to say... the employer doesn't just say " well these are all more likely not to have happened and none of them are illegal so we'll ignore these concerns ". no, they weigh the severity of those things against the chance of them being undone. they may try to improve their knowledge of them by doing a follow - up interview. and then they have to decide in a way that comes out of that subjective information who they want to take a chance on for the best measure of success. same goes here. it's not weird or abnormal to count maybe ##s against a person when deciding whether to hire or confirm them. we should just encourage the people that want to be most informed ( by asking questions, debating, etc. ) and discourage those who blindly insist that the maybe should be treated as a yes or no regardless of follow - up.
------
yes, i had to take some relatively drastic measures. my family spoke to a lawyer before we did anything, and the lawyer strongly advised against getting a restraining order because apparently, in cases where these ( where the harasser is suicidal and has used threats and / or acted violently ), being served with one restraining order can incense the harasser and increase the likelihood for a murder - suicide. on the lawyer's advice, i gathered together a body of evidence about what was happening, and i shared this in my family via the cloud and kept it up - to - date ( so that if something happened to me, they could go to the police with the evidence ). my parents kicked my boyfriend out and changed the locks. i found a neighbor who needed that house sitter for a period of time, and i moved into his house ( without telling the boyfriend, obviously ). i put together basic supplies - - money, road maps, clothes, toothbrush, etc. - - in case i needed to leave on short notice. i kept my car at my parents'house because i didn't want my ex to find out where i was staying, but it was still close enough that i could get it and leave if i had to. eventually, i moved out of the state without alert anyone but family where i'd gone ( i avoided telling friends because i was paranoid that word would make it back to my ex ). a year later, i moved out of the country entirely. i was very concerned about the safety of my family, as i feared my ex might hurt them to hurt me if he couldn't get to me directly. so i did my best to thread the needle and keep him calm. i stayed in contact with him via phone and agreed to talk to for about an hour now - 2 times another week. when i talked to him, i made sure to let him air his grievances and i expressed sympathy, but i went out of my way to making sure i never complained or showed anger ( as this was liable to piss him off ). i knew i had no intention of * ever * seeing him again, but i told him that i was just scared and i needed time to work through some stuff in my head before i'd be ready to see him face - to - face. i gave him a timeline of about 6 months before i thought i'd be ready, but i gradually stretched that out further and further as time went on. as an aside, i remember wishing he'd cheated on me, because it would have made it easier to insist he give me space to heal. as it was, he didn't understand why i was " suddenly " needing my space, when our last fight had * only * been as bad as the previous 3 or 4 fights had been. as time went on, he went from being angry at me to just being sad ( but generally forgiving ). we talked less and less, and we eventually switched to strictly email. he dated other people ( although none amounted to long - term relationships ) and so did i ( two of which turned into healthy, long - term relationships with amazing guys who treated me a billion times better than he had... but i sure as hell didn't tell him that! ). he actually seemed to be much more mentally healthy than he'd been when we were together ; he even went back to university, got a house, etc. at this point, i was no longer concerned for my family's safety, but i knew it would be a bad idea for him to ever lay eyes on me again because it might trigger him. so i made sure to never tell anyone who knew him whenever i was back in town ( yes, this means i basically lost all my friends from my hometown ), etc., and basically accepted that i'd have to spend the rest of my life carefully monitoring this aspect of my life. i don't know exactly what happened, but he fell in love with another woman a few years ago and attacked one of her family members about a year and half ago. now he's in prison and unlikely to walk free for a very long time. i have absolutely no contact with him now, as he doesn't know my address to send me letters ( he still sends them to my parents, but they don't forward them to me ), and i've rejected the prison's email contact program.
------
< url > 1. the heart of the meme is moribund gauntlets ( " your golem sheds a corpse every second " ). note that this affix has no rng roll to it, making it my ideal item to actually equip. save kanai's cube for legendary affixes that have important rolls on them. 2. since we're shedding corpses every second, lets definitely use his pestilence master set ( consuming corpses automatically fires a corpse lance, nonstop 50 % damage reduction, and bone spear damage increased 3300 % and corpse lance damage 1650 % ) 3. you know what's a fun passive to use with constant corpses? life from death to make health globes go flying everywhere. 4. you know what goes good with health globes everywhere, reaper's wraps so that they constantly refill our dead. 5. with health globes offering tons of potential survivability, it would be silly to do a cross cannon build. dayntee's binding ( " use curses, cut damage taken in half " ) and endless walk allow us to tank a few hits so we can use the globes for refill and never die. i likewise favor stand alone ( extra armor ) over the cheat death passive. besides, the cheat death passive would kill your golem, ending the corpse parade. i'd rather die. 6. i think some people would call for a poison build here, but i was concerned i might not be meme - y enough, so i go with cold build. that ruled out the poison weapon ( forgot what it's called ) so i did maltorious petrified spike ( bone spear 700 % damage ) and cubed scythe of the cycle. 7. krysbin's weapon always gets at least the basic " slow " bonus from all the cold damage and bane of the trapped. stuns on bone armor, templar skills, and zei's stone help unlock the bigger damage boost. 8. corpsewhisper pauldrons ( corpse lance additional 600 % damage as long as you keep constantly consuming corpses, which is exactly what we do ) in the fight rounds out the build, along with a cubed ring of royal grandeur. this game isn't going to get you onto the leaderboards but it is super funny to run around dropping and devouring corpses nonstop, and i had no trouble clearing gr70 solo and doing the full season journey. also, taking lots of hits and picking up constant healing globes somehow feels like " the way it's meant to be played. " it just feels like a fun, relaxing game! this build is very chill with not much clicking and can definitely be played one - handed. i was surprised that the build's strengths and weaknesses were the opposite of what i guessed. i expected i was going to mow down weaker mobs ( corpses shooting off constant lances, killing enemies and creating more corpses in a snowball effect ). actually, running around gathering globes kept me on my toes. the rift guardian was surprisingly the super easy part. templar would run in and stun, then i would hit bone armor and stun and also activate my golem to generate some extra lances to most likely get another stun off zei's. by the time all the stuns were done, the boss was completely annihilated by the extra bonus damage on krysbin's sentence. it seemed like every rift guardian melted in a few seconds without scratching me. as such, i'd never recommend bane of the stricken for this build. i would consider swapping out endless walk, maybe just take a unity for the defense portion and a hellfire amulet or something. there are surely other optimizations that can be done as well, but when making changes be careful you don't accidentally remove the meme aspect. keep it silly enough to be fun. thanks for reading : )
------
you talk about not 'dismissing' people's arguments, but then go right on and dismiss the fact that kobe had to single handedly face defenses, during the toughest defensive era in the nba, and durant didn't.
the defenses durant saw were always just as much focused on westbrook as they were on him, and even then the schemes themselves, due to rule changes, were not as difficult to beat. especially when you consider the roster the thunder had until the made it to the finals.
the fact that you are only looking at stats right now and not at context is all i am arguing with.
the reason i brought up kobe's best season is to show that despite having a really shitty roster and having to face some of the toughest defenses in the history of the nba, he was able to have not only the best individual season in the nba that year, but one of the best of all time.
durant has yet to post an all time great season like one of the three i mentioned. hell by this point westbrook has notched crazier seasons with the back to back triple doubles than durant has.
as well i am not saying to dismiss the fact that he is bigger, just arguing that when looking at them consider that kobe, due to the roster he had during his prime, was largely forced to take shots over multiple defenders. the fact that he is smaller, yet largely able to do the same things as durant (perhaps more things tbh), to me, is indicative of the fact that he is better at basketball. the fact that he did way crazier things over way more defenders, way more times a game, more times a season makes me think he is the better basketball player than durant. this goes the same for scoring the ball.
now we can get into the fact that kobe, in his prime, would be matching up with the opposing team's best player and also doing work on d. durant has proven to be a good defender, but let's be real he isn't locking down kobe. while kobe won't be locking down durant either, i'd give kobe the edge because of his athleticism. even though he gives up a bit of height his mentality and leaping ability really allows him to be an amazing defender.
think about this, during 06-07, when he got 81, it was largely because toronto's coach didn't want to send a double to kobe, he thought that eventually he would cool off. he thought eventually he would get tired. he thought wrong.
can you imagine if he played on a team like the warriors where the other team can't possibly send a double without giving up a wide open three to one of the two best shooters in the game? we might have seen him legit average 40.
with the amount of moves kobe has, the mentality he has, the way he can crush a defense and rip its heart out, i would take kobe bean every day of the week and twice on sunday. you're entitled to your opinions of course, but i respectfully disagree.
------
there * is * proof of correlation between higher rates of chronic depression, marginalization and poverty among a lot of different people groups, and also a close connection between social exclusion and higher rates of suicide though. you may have been thinking of causation, which is a little harder to proof, but correlation between marginalization and mental health issues has definitely been proven before. this is been proven multiple times on studies of racialized subjects in canada ( for example < url > ), institutional and structral discrimination or otherwise antagonistic legal actions have been shown to increase the rate of suicide and depression among lgb people as well ( < url > ), and it has been proven that transgender teens are often subject of bullying and harassment which often has an outlook on mental health and may cause more issues later in life as well ( harsh realities, the experiences of transgender youth in our nation's schools ), we can also see now there's close correlation between physical / verbal harassment or abuse and self harming / suicidality, and that the mental health of transgender children seems to be impacted from the social isolation and exclusion that comes with outwardly expressing a gender other than the one assigned at birth ( mental health disorders, psychological distress, and suicidality in a diverse sample of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender youths. american journal of public service. ). minority stress theory ( which at the end of the day is the central concept here ), while previously cricticized for the point that you seemingly want to bring up about correlation not implying causation, seems to be widely accepted by the general population of mental health professionals on topics relating to the higher level of mental health issues than suicide rates of marginalized groups, i did indeed find a study that looks for a causal relationship between discrimination and mental health ( and physical health too ) ( here < url > ), but even since most of the proof was correlational, to quickly dismiss it right away specially on something that's quite a new field and on something that is widely accepted as the most correct assertion to make a point about how trans people are just mentally unhealthy * because * they're trans when there's no causational proof for that assumption either and most psychologists would probably go against that line of thinking is sort of just being contrarian and to an extent also seeing the idea of someone being transgender in absolutely negative lighting for no reason at all.
------
thank you for this! lol and thanks for the red hair compliment : p i've definitely got to turn off the news he's just hard when you want to be an informed voter and citizen but what not but not really does mess with my mind. i hate our politics right now it makes me sick. i think it's really putting a flashlight on this sleazebag patriarchy as you call it, it's hard to feel like the majority of men aren't sleezes when the president and alllllll them other government officials are so blatantly sexist, and they rule the country. also, i have not was as attracted to my bf, that is very correct. he has no muscle definition, and i know it sounds vain, but he still isn't physically attractive to me anymore bc of it. i started suggesting it best i could trying not to totally crush his spirit, and he said he's going to start working out. so i guess we will see if it helps. i feel awful but for a year we've almost like friend zoned each other ( me doing it to him really ), we would just feel like friends who stress each other out, still manage to have fun, and live together. we are not intimate, largely again on my part, i haven't been interested. i have no drive, no passion, no desire. i'm usually exhausted which doesn't help, but it's been a rough year for us. i know my bf is sexually frustrated now too. it sucks. i don't know how to talk about this with him or what to even say : ( i like and love the guy a lot, yet just don't act like a couple friends anymore. i think there's many reasons for that. one such reason, he makes me feel self conscious in public. if i say something funny or weird, he will give me an unquestionably embarrassed and frustrated look. he shushes me in public if i'm getting goofy or silly and honestly it makes me feel ashamed and so self conscious. i know he has a lot of anxiety himself, but he just puts wayyyy to much stress on us both to keep others happy. i've brought this up to him before but i just don't feel like he's tried to change? yes. one example - he ran a marathon last weekend. i know, you'd think he'd be in killer shape, but really he's a twig. i'm tiny at 5'2 and 105lbs, well he has the same size arms as i do...... anyways. he finishes the marathon and when he comes over to me, sweating and totally out of breath, he says, " i think we are taking up too much space, can you move our bags over ", and i almost lost it like wtf. we had two tiny bags sitting right next to me. he just ran a marathon and he was concerned we were in other people's way, whereas other marathoners are straight sprawled out on the ground dying, rightfully so. i didn't even know what to do, i just looked at him and i'm like dude we are fine. i also can't stand how he lacks assertiveness. it drives me mad. when it comes to sticking up for me, he doesn't. it takes him extreme effort to defend me if someone has been rude to me or something. and you can tell he's dying of anxiousness if he does try to stick up for me. i'm not a damsel in distress, i'm quite quick to defend myself when needed, but it's nice to have someone back you up and generally to feel supported.... but here's an example. he and his family of 4 including himself are insanely close. super tight knit. i hate visiting them bc i feel like a total outsider and they really could care less about my presence, i feel like dead weight, totally friendzoned by him in those cases lol. i start telling a story ( basically the first one i told on the visit ), and his dad immediately picks up his phone. he's on it the whole time. i finish my story, and i kid you not, his dad looks up to my bf and asks him a random question that is completely unrelated to what i was just talking about. i was dumbfounded it was so damn rude. his dad says " sorry don't worry i was listening "... no that's a lie... this was the first time my bf has ever stuck up for me around his family. he said " well what did you think? " ( in regards to my story ). that's it. he was red and nervous just to confront his dad about being an ass to his gf. like idk maybe it's just me but i haaaate feeling like i have no support from him in this way. it's killing me. he's super supportive in other ways, and i'm obviously extremely sympathetic to mental struggles bc of my own, but sometimes it feels like he hasn't made progress or isn't doing a damn thing to improve. harsh, i know. : (
------
to be fair, i wouldn't expect women do orgasm as much because it is not required for reproduction and also isnt hardwired into their brain / anatomy. it just doesnt need to happen during a reproductive stand point and often doesnt from piv intercourse. also, did only penetration count for the survey? if i get my so off orally, she easily could be gotten off by someone without a penis. as shitty as it is for most men to admit, our dicks arent vibirators, they were created to inseminate, not pleasure ( necessarily ). thats just reproduction. obviously, i think most of the men on this sub take the time to learn what is best for women, or even more specifically their so. but to be suprised that women dont get off as much as men is absurd. people are suprised when my so admits, for lack of a better word, that her climax comes first in order of importance. getting off as never ( rarely ) been my goal with intercourse, if i wanted to get off, i could get myself off faster than any women can, and i dont have to do continous ab workouts for over an hour. a side note, im not really trying to open a can of worms here, but isnt it other women spreading that nonsense? ive never attempted to hit on / impress a girl but saying " i wouldn't care if you hurt during sex, see how manly i am? " i have never seen, heard, or been told of any male who has attempted to slander his own gender so fucking badly. what i think happened / happens is you have these outdated views on women / sex from men and those who were born before the age of information, who have / had shitty sex ( maybe not in the uninformed male eye ), and then the women perpetrates to younger women that that is life. and then the have ops issue where he never even knew, never wanted to hurt you, doesnt care half as much about getting off as the fact that hes hurting you, but you dont bring it up and assume he wouldnt do anyway and the cycle continues. my so is about 100 lbs at 5'2 and im considerably larger, 160 at 6'2. the most worrisome thing happen when i accidently hit her cervix wrong, that being the only time i ever bring unwelco ##me pain i guess. it literally makes me feel like complete shit. i had to explain to her that im not upset that she let me know, im upset that i ever hurt her with what i thought was love, if that makes sense. i think men not expressing that you stopping because of pain does upset me, but im upset that youre in pain, not that i didnt finish, further enforces the preconceived notion that a woman may have about men. sorry for rant.
------
actually, i quite disagree with our inability to support the kinds of policies that we see that are relevant to western european countries. i think we're fully capable of some of them. when we think about singapore economically, in my view there are two main things we have to consider : the first of which means that our biggest source of revenue is petroleum refinery, and the second in which is that it is truly our people who are our greatest economic asset. as such the only policy i would agree with you on is that blanket bans on immigration is a * very * bad idea. singapore takes an economically traditional liberal perspective in terms of workers rights and working conditions. when we speak of shorter working hours, it's not that it's not possible, but that we think that the only way to make it happen is to reduce output and quality. i don't quite agree. some levels of production require a set number of hours - think something along the lines of baking bread. you can't rush that. but for other things, especially corporate work, it really depends on the productivity and efficiency of each individual worker. this for me is where communist competition plays in. if you're not competing for favour and wages, you're collaborating on one that needs to be done. i would argue that a system in which workers receive better working conditions and shorter hours which are not as stupidly toxic and cutthroat in the way we see them now, would be much more conducive to effective and efficient work. a supportive work environment would help people feel supported and not alone, and therefore also increase retention, willingness to work, and job fulfilment. this isn't anything revolutionary, it's just management 101 much further. then we get to social security vs lower taxes. this is one or the other, really. personally i'm on the side of social security. how many of us know and ailing grandparent who needs a lot of medical attention and physical, mental, and emotional labour to take care about? so many of us have medical bills every month that aren't small? so on and so forth. there is a huge volume of people who require medical attention, but who don't do it because to the cost. the government subsides a sizeable amount, but it's still fairly expensive, especially on low incomes. let's take another look at our taxes : 25 % to cpf, x % for income tax, where x is anywhere between 0 and ~ 22 %. we actually don't have very low taxes. it's entirely possible to fund a social security programme that encompasses healthcare, education, and retirement benefits. i think under those circumstances, raising taxes by an additional 5 % is not a crazy idea. but wait, you say. what about housing? well, under the circumstances of not having to pay for healthcare and education, housing becomes a lot more affordable. stack that on top of progressive workplaces, and honestly housing becomes the only real cost you have left besides basic living like food and electricity. then let's talk about freedom of speech. i hope you realise that a lot of our problems come from the presence of and lack of freedom of speech. it's not a monolithic thing that protects the peace in the country, it's something that is applied unevenly. being unable, for example, to screen movies and media materials that do not showcase homosexuality and transgenderism as inherently negative things raises social stigma and discrimination against already vulnerable populations. being able to get away with the above also means that the cycle of negativity continues. it's not just that some people don't have voices, it's that the people who do aren't policed for the terrible things they do or say. when was the last time we heard of someone being punished for discriminating against a gay person? i haven't. when was the last time we heard of someone being punished for insulting christians? amos yee. the application of the laws, because they assume neutrality, is fundamentally going to be balanced towards those who have more social, political, and economic capital. so if we're not going to protect our vulnerable populations, who will? so now going back to my two initial points : what are singapore's greatest assets? i think it's in education. i think we need to relook our education system and means of testing, to redefine what it means to have a singaporean education, to train our citizens to think, be critical, be innovative. we can't have that while suppressing freedom of speech. it's also hard to have that while worrying about living concerns. i think we can afford to implement policies that cost money and policies that will change the direction of singapore, because we can't afford not to. the world is changing and we have to secure our place in it, and we're not going to do that by stagnating in these respects. we like making small tweaks, but once in a while having the courage to make the leap is necessary. i think this is necessary because it sets the stage for our further development in the 21st century, because we as a population are getting jaded earlier, exhausted sooner, and more mentally troubled.
------
todays left means open borders, completely abolishing ice, keeping illegals in our country and making them citizens, raising taxes, chasing away breadwinner manufacturing jobs with ridiculously high business taxes and replacing them with welfare instead. they also believe in things like white privilege, patriarchy, the evil straight - white - christian - male, safe house on college campus ', gay hate, shutting down opposing opinions,,,, fuck. i feel like i could go on and on. nothing to do with sjw bullshit. both sides can see those people are insane you are least of my worries. it's obvious you don't watch his videos so how tf would you know what you're talking about? pjw, mark dice, so many others shit on sjw. i like them too, it's hilarous. stefan however, speaks truth. i started to support bernie because i had no idea what i was talking about. free this and free that. there's no such thing as free. there's only the gov stealing your money and buying it for you. no thank you. his plan on " muh taxing the rich " would chase away all the jobs that's be coming back, thanks to trump. the breadwinner jobs. " the rich " can be replaced with business owners. that's what they are. that's how they got rich. it makes more sense and cuts to the chase. business owners were paying 40 %. 40 %! they were paying more than their fair share. so tired of a false narrative that " the rich need to pay their fair share ". the stupid stupid politicians passed nafta, which enabled companies to move out of america, make their products with cheap labor, pay no taxes, and ship their product back into america with no taxation whatsoever. all our manufacturing jobs, factory jobs, all our breadwinner jobs were chased out of this country by ridiculously high taxes. now they'm coming back! soon, you won't be forced to have a college degree to get a decent job. the way it's supposed to be. trump lowered corporate taxes to the level that the rest of the world taxes them at. around 20 %. then he renegotiated nafta where countries can't ship their products in for free anymore. this ought to happen. democrats have chased away all the breadwinner jobs and replaced them with welfare programs. breadwinner jobs : jobs that you can get straight out of high school that will take you to the middle class. the good jobs! the jobs that get people out of poverty. welfare has never gotten anyone out of poverty. in fact, it encourages them to stay there. the trick is to give you just enough to survive and to be " content ", but not enough where you'll ever leave poverty. and i don't even want to get started on drastically raising min wage. you want higher wages? bring in better jobs and lower, yes lower!, min wage.
------
it's hard to tell, because ui design was and still is closely related to hardware capabilities. the " photorealistic " skeumorphic design wasn't possible for a long time because those graphics needed too much storage space, color depth and pixel density of the screens weren't good enough and the gpu wasn't fast enough for it to be responsive. when computers and phones became good enough for, it was kind of used to " show off " that you now can reproduce " photorealistic " buttons and textures. before that being able to show some 16 color icons with a resolution of 32x32px and single color or simple pattern backgrounds was state of the art, and before that monochromatic or text / ascii only interfaces. it was also considered helpful for new users who didn't have much experience with computer interfaces. but nowadays kids grow up with touch screens, phones and tablets and have no trouble understanding them, its even easier for them than using a regular computer with mouse and keyboard. so these real world analogies simply aren't necessary any more and hardware is good enough to provide everything from fancy 3d interfaces, ar, flat design with animations or whatever else. so now the design isn't as constrained anymore by hardware limitations and by the idea that people have never used something like pixels before, so rather grow up with it and learn to use it the same way they learn how to write or to use a knife and a saw. the bigger focus now will be most likely further improving accessibility and figuring out ways to best present and manage complex data, while probably a lot more automation and machine learning will be used to " preselect " what data and what patterns are most important and most likely helpful for the users in certain instances. the goal now isn't to show as much information as possible, because our lifes are already full of complicated stuff, but rather mimicking the behavior of the brain which also filters all the input and only makes you aware of what is important right now. so information density is probably further going down to reduce distraction and only the most important things are being shown fitting the current situation and needs. but who knows what the next design languages / styles will be. maybe it will be like other trends with repeating patterns and skeumorphic design will become trendy again in a few years or a decade or so. or maybe the transformation of personal devices isn't finished yet and something new will come along that will require another change to how interfaces work. maybe " human " interaction will increase with a star trek or iron man like assistant that will fully converse with you, knowing when they can talk to you and when you are busy, so that you don't have to pull out your phone anymore to do stuff actively. they know what you need or want when you need or want it. or maybe smart glasses or smart watches will take over showing you only the most important bits of information. or maybe we will keep phones with big screens. who knows if our current smartphones are the top of the evolution of personal devices or just an intermediate step until something better comes along.
------
> let me start off by saying thank you for the articulate response! you have challenged my views well and i believe that like muscles, beliefs are anti-fragile in that they are strengthened by adversity. as the proverb goes "iron sharpens iron", and hopefully you will be sharpened as well.
i think that's the point of this subreddit and all the debates we do here. not to pretend to be intellectually or morally superior, but to reflect upon our beliefs and see through the flaws in them, and change accordingly. if someone gives a convincing proof for the existence of god, i would gladly consider changing my beliefs.
> i have learned from experience that lying ultimately leads to suffering. this experience lead me to believe that the bible was correct and that i had previously been wrong.
that only shows that lying is wrong though. support cs lewis' narnia shows that lying is wrong, does that mean the story of narnia is true and the lion and evil queen do exist, and every other moral in narnia is infallible? obviously not. the bible, as any other novel, tries to teach some "life lessons". even if you find those morals right, it only shows that the bible's morals fit your worldview, not that the bible is factually right or that your moral basis is the bible.
you're saying: i think x is wrong -> i think bible is correct -> i was wrong to x
and i'm saying it's simply: i think x is wrong -> i was wrong to x
> no it doesn't. there is definitely context involved in what the bible actually says. without considering that and the culture in which it was written, one cannot properly understand its meaning.
the bible explicitly commands stoning gay people (leviticus 20) and people who had premarital sex (deuteronomy 22). are you gonna say it is right under those cultural contexts, or that that is wrong regardless of the context? i personally would think that stoning gays and people who had premarital sex is always wrong, and i'd say you believe so too. so why would one struggle to find all sorts of "contexts" to explain these commands? we always see christians trying to find all the "contextual clues" and "metaphoric interpretations" when dealing with difficult passages. the reason is that they don't think they make sense, and so they have to "interpret" (or shape) the verses to match their worldview.
> not all heterosexual sex has anything to do with love. i imagine the same is true for homosexual sex. some, if not most of both are lust. lust is unbridled sexual desire. in all of our other desires we are taught we must control ourselves. i desire success, but cannot morally satisfy that desire by any means necessary(cheating, stealing). i like power but cannot morally murder my opponent to get it. in the same way, i like blowjobs, but my wife would be furious and it would be damaging to my family(the building blocks of society) if i took one from any woman that would give me one. if all i cared about was blowjobs it would be silly for me to limit myself to only 50% of the population (the women only), but i don't believe that would be the over-arching goal of a thriving society. i apologize for being crude, but i fealt it necessary to make my point.
forgive me but i think you are strawing away from our point. obviously everything can be bad, including straight and gay sexual thoughts. my point is, a gay couple can have the purest, noblest, most selfless elements that are present in a straight couple. yet somehow christians deem the selfless straight couple admirable but not the gay ones, even though they are as pure as straight ones. your examples of perversion of desires include cheating, stealing, murder etc, actions that obviously harm others directly or indirectly. but can you honestly say a selfless homosexual couples harm anyone in some ways that an equally altruistic heterosexual couples don't?
> it does effect you and i understand why you disagree.
i was refuting your point that people reject christianity because they want to do something (often considered sinful) and they want to be free to do it. i'm saying no, people can reject christianity purely because they find its standards and morality unjust and bigoted.
> i understand and agree with you. it is our jobs to love homosexuals and protect their rights. any church that says differently needs to re-read their bible and consider it in light of what jesus taught.
i'm glad you think that way. yet proclaiming you love homosexuals, while denying the validity of their marriage or love, is not exactly loving. imagine someone saying, "i love black people, i just don't think they should be allowed to get married!" does that seem coherent to you?
> i agree but to claim i know the reason for everything the bible says rather than say i don't know when applicable would be dishonest and harmful to my faith, my reputation and whoever i was lying to.
good for you to be honest! i think in these discussions, intellectual honesty and respect for people of other beliefs are paramount.
> nope. i was ashamed because my life was a wreck, i was letting loved one's down and squandering my talents. the bible told me in advance that that is what would happen and i was ashamed that it took me nearly hitting bottom to finally listen.
again, suppose two scenarios, in one you find yourself hurting others but the bible did not say anything about that, in another the bible says those lifestyle is wrong, but you honestly can't see how it hurts anyone. in which scenario do you think you are more likely to repent and start living a healthy lifestyle? the one in which you realize how harmful your behaviors are, or the one in which a book is telling you it is wrong?
> no, apathy is the exact opposite of empathy. kindness is the antonym of cruelty. the empathy/apathy scale measures your feelings(concern) or lack thereof for others. kindness/cruelty measure benevolance. these two measures intersect but are not the same
yes i know, i was saying someone with empathy would try not to be cruel, as in "the nazis were the exact opposite of kindness", or "tom is the opposite of friendly".
> that is an impossibility. in order to help one person often times it is at the cost of someone else. empathy not tempered by justice leads to atrocities. remember any virtue in the extremes leads to vice.
> sometimes. what some would consider cruel is sometimes necessary.
i'm afraid i can't agree to that. i know the golden mean is an ancient philosophical idea back from antiquity, but it doesn't really make sense. is someone who is \*too\* kind to everyone cruel? is someone too full of "christian virtues" non-christian? any amount of virtue can be shaped or perverted into "sins", but that has nothing to do with "too much".
> no, i would say my parents said so because it is wrong.
yes that is correct. but my point remains: you parents caused you to believe killing is wrong, but your rationale for believing that isn't "parents taught me so". in the same sense, your bible is (partially) responsible for causing you believe x is wrong, but ultimately you rationale for believing x is wrong should be based on empathy or something else, not "bible taught me so".
------
> i don't concede to that. you don't suppose he performs miracles? okay, sorry, i don't know what god you're talking about, then. are you a deist? > but comparing miracles to essentially cheat codes. perhaps you could try another analogy. why shouldn't god use cheat codes, if it would save more people? > the analogy was pointing out that a god that " used the console commands " which represent solving a problem via miraculous intervention is not as " good " of a being ( anselm version ) as one which didn't need to intervene via miracle to accomplish his goals and instead set up the physical laws to accomplish them that way. okay, i didn't get that. so god would be better if he just set together the physical laws so that everything works out perfectly and everyone freely chooses to believe, without miracles? okay, i can accept that. seems a bit contrived to deny him miracles, but if that makes you happy, i've got no problem with it. > how is it " reading too much into " it when i showed that your example doesn't actually support that an infinite number of possible worlds exists? it does. are you saying there are finite real numbers? leave aside the questions about god and omnibenevolence and all that, just consider this : if there is one universe for each rational number, how many universes will there be? the answer is infinite. so there are infinite possible worlds. now, or course, that doesn't in and of itself advance god's plan, but it shows that your restriction on the number of possible worlds is arbitrary and not one god is required to obey. > two people come with miracles. 1 ) i've never said that god has to abide by physical laws but that he would almost certainly choose to do so in the vast majority and cases. 2 ) that's been my position from the beginning. you told me there were finite possible worlds, i showed there were multiple, and then you changed your argument to'there are finite possible worlds * that wouldn't require god to do something i don't think he believes. *'> i'm not interested in somone's interpretation of a miracle. i'm quite convinced that millions ( maybe billions ) of people in the past witnessed solar eclipses and believed they were miracles. and because someone interprets something to be supernatural in origin, doesn't lend any credence that it is truly supernatural in nature. again, are you a deist? your flair says christian ; do you believe all the miracles attributed to god in the bible were just natural occurences? i'm not saying the people in my church believe they witnessed a miracle ; they're extremely dubious of any claims of supernatural activity in the modern world. but they all believe that god did regularly perform miracles in the past - - sustaining the israelites with manna, for example, or raising the dead - - and will continue to perform miracles in the future. > i. e., if star " xyz123456 " in galaxy " abc987654 " a billion light years away, never existed it probably won't affect event on this planet. yeah, he probably wouldn't need to look that far, since i've already shown ways that he can save everyone without needing to. this whole argument is me trying to figure out what restrictions you're putting on god and show you how he can still save everyone. so far, the main restriction you've set out is : 1 ). don't break physical laws too often ( but he can set up the laws however he wants, including making them grant prayers by arranging things ahead of time so it happens to work out that way ) are there any others you'd like to add, so i can be sure we're on the same page?
------
apparently you don't have a brain to think with.
learn how to read things you don't agree with.
<url>
evidence for arab migration
there are several problems associated with estimating arab immigration into palestine during the 1920s, the principal one being that arab migration flows were, in the main, illegal, and therefore unreported and unrecorded.[17] but they were not entirely unnoticed.
demographer u.o. schmelz's analysis of the ottoman registration data for 1905 populations of jerusalem and hebron kazas (ottoman districts), by place of birth, showed that of those arab palestinians born outside their localities of residence, approximately half represented intra-palestine movement--from areas of low-level economic activity to areas of higher-level activity--while the other half represented arab immigration into palestine itself, 43 percent originating in asia, 39 percent in africa, and 20 percent in turkey.[18] schmelz conjectured:
the above-average population growth of the arab villages around the city of jerusalem, with its jewish majority, continued until the end of the mandatory period. this must have been due--as elsewhere in palestine under similar conditions--to in-migrants attracted by economic opportunities, and to the beneficial effects of improved health services in reducing mortality--just as happened in other parts of palestine around cities with a large jewish population sector.[19]
in growth rates between palestine and the other less developed countries (ldcs), the idea that at least one-third of palestine's population growth may be attributed to immigration is--using bachi's own growth rate differentials--not an entirely unreasonable one.
lacking verifiable evidence did not prevent bachi from stating the obvious concerning internal migration within palestine:
the great economic development of the coastal plains--largely due to jewish immigration--was accompanied both in <phone> and in <phone> by a much stronger increase of the muslim and christian populations in this region than that registered in other regions. this was probably due to two reasons: stronger decrease in mortality of the non-jewish population in the neighborhood of jewish areas and internal migration toward the more developed zones.[22]
in the footnote accompanying this quote, bachi writes: "as no statistics are available for internal migration, this conclusion has been obtained from indirect evidence."[23] bachi's footnote is instructive. the "indirect evidence" he referred to no doubt included his understanding of the important role economics plays in explaining demographic movements. while appreciating the value of ottoman registrations and british mandatory government censuses in providing estimates of palestinian demography, they were, in his judgment, still crude and incomplete.
reference to arab immigration into palestine during the 1920s is made as well in the british mandatory government's annual compilation of statistical data on population. the palestine blue book, 1937, for example, provides time series demographic statistics whose annual estimates are based on extrapolations from its 1922 census.[24] the footnote accompanying the table on population of palestine reads:
there has been unrecorded illegal immigration of both jews and arabs in the period since the census of 1931, but it is clear that, since it cannot be recorded, no estimate of its volume is possible.[25]
the 1935 british report to the league of nations noted that:
one thousand five hundred and fifty-seven persons (including 565 jews) who, having made their way into the country surreptitiously, were later detected, were sentenced to imprisonment for their offence and recommended for deportation.[26]
the number who "made their way into the country surreptitiously" and undetected was neither estimated nor mentioned.
historian gad gilbar's observation on ruth kark's contribution to his edited volume ottoman palestine, <phone>, touches on the issue of arab immigration into and within palestine. he relates her ideas in "the rise and decline of coastal towns in palestine" to charles issawi's thesis concerning the role of minority groups and foreigners in the development of middle eastern towns. explaining why no other palestinian cities grew as rapidly as jaffa and haifa did during the final three decades of the ottoman rule, gilbar writes: "both attracted population from the rural and urban surroundings and immigrants from outside palestine."[27]
each piece of the demographic puzzle by itself may reveal no identifiable picture. but given a multiplicity of such pieces, an image does begin to appear. the royal institute for international affairs adds another piece. commenting on the growth of the palestinian population during the decades of the 1920s and 1930s it reports: "the number of arabs who have entered palestine illegally from syria and transjordan is unknown. but probably considerable."[28] and c.s. jarvis, governor of the sinai from 1923-36, adds yet another:
this illegal immigration was not only going on from the sinai, but also from trans-jordan and syria, and it is very difficult to make a case out for the misery of the arabs if at the same time their compatriots from adjoining states could not be kept from going in to share that misery.[29]
estimating real numbers
the derivation of palestine migration estimates in this section is based on an uncomplicated imputation theory. migration becomes a residual claimant for numbers not explained by a population-estimating model based on known initial population stocks and known sets of birth and death rates for that population. in this way, expected population stocks can be derived for any set of subsequent years.
the value of the model depends, of course, on the reliability of the estimates given for initial population stocks and for the rates associated with natural increase. therein lies the problem with estimating arab immigration into palestine. the model itself may be simple and applicable, but its usefulness--as with all estimating models--is contingent upon the quality of the data inputs. that quality in the case of palestinian migration is compromised by the explicit neglect of illegal entrants. if illegal migrants and subsequently illegal residents escaped the census taker, how could the census account for them? it couldn't and didn't.
it is not surprising then that the british census data produce an arab palestinian population growth for 1922-31 that turns out to be generated by natural increase and legal migrations alone. applying a 2.5 per annum growth rate[30]to a population stock of 589,177 for 1922 generates a 1931 population estimate of 735,799 or 97.6 percent of the 753,822 recorded in the 1931 census. does the imputation model then "prove" that illegal immigration into palestine was inconsequential during 1922-31? not at all. a footnote accompanying the census's population time series acknowledges the presence in palestine of illegal arab immigration. but because it could not be recorded, no estimate of its numbers was included in the census count.[31] ignoring illegal migrants does not mean they don't exist.
1948 israel, identified not only the direction of arab palestinian migration within palestine but its magnitude as well.[32]
the arab palestinian populations within those sub-districts that eventually became israel increased from 321,866 in 1922 to 463,288 in 1931 or by 141,422. applying the 2.5 per annum natural rate of population growth to the 1922 arab palestinian population generates an expected population size for 1931 of 398,498 or 64,790 less than the actual population recorded in the british census. by imputation, this unaccounted population increase must have been either illegal immigration not accounted for in the british census and/or registered arab palestinians moving from outside the jewish-identified sub-districts to those sub-districts so identified. this 1922-31 arab migration into the jewish sub-districts represented 11.8 percent of the total 1931 arab population residing in those sub-districts and as much as 36.8 percent of its 1922-31 growth.
that over 10 percent of the 1931 arab palestinian population in those sub-districts that eventually became israel had immigrated to those sub-districts within the 1922-31 years is a datum of considerable significance. it is consistent with the fragmentary evidence of illegal migration to and within palestine; it supports the idea of linkage between economic disparities and migratory impulses--a linkage universally accepted; it undercuts the thesis of "spatial stickiness" attributed by some scholars to the arab palestinian population of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries; and it provides strong circumstantial evidence that the illegal arab immigration into palestine, like that within palestine, was of consequence as well.
------
> singapore takes an economically traditional liberal ... management 101 stretched further.
this i agree with. one of the solutions the government actually is trying to implement is the flexible work award. i think it's a step in the right direction. however, how the company actually implement it, and whether the company is trying to "game" the system, we can never control. my gripe regarding this area is that the same people who are arguing for better work-life balance tend to also lambast this cynically. you have the right idea. the point is to be productive, not clock hours in the office doing nothing. the main problem at work is the same everywhere, you wait to rush, and rush to wait. all because of pipeline congestion and bottleneck. allowing flexiwork schedule enables the worker to rest when the bottleneck is stuck instead of reporting to the office and doing nothing.
> then we get to social security vs lower taxes. ... stack that on top of progressive workplaces, and honestly housing becomes the only real cost you have left besides basic living like food and electricity.
i would like to correct one misconception. despite what people are saying. cpf is not a tax. yes, it functions similar to a tax and social security system rolled into one. but the idea is that you are using your own money instead of the money of the future generation to fuel your own social security. e.g. your pension, your insurance, all paid for using your own money and not taxpayer's money. so in the event that you are old and not working/paying taxes, you are still effectively using your own money for pension and insurance instead of taxing the already shrinking working class.
social security is fine, but i do not want a safety net where people can lounge around. sure, the people who desperately need the net vastly outnumber the number of people who abuse the system, but our country has to be productive to survive. we cannot rely on natural resources. hence the tharman's social trampoline idea. the government would try their best to ensure you have food on the table and roof over your head. but if you are willing to put in the effort to improve yourself and your productivity, the government will help you bounce back and fly higher. that is not to say people who desperately need a net should be forced to work. we still have various government schemes that help them. (the ncss website have more information on that)
> then let's talk about freedom of speech. ... so if we're not going to protect our vulnerable populations, who will?
i personally do not believe in unrestricted freedom of speech. but i do believe in debating what are the restrictions and to hold a review programme regularly to lift or add to the restrictions based on the needs of the people.
i support the lgbt rights and their freedom to express themselves. but realistically, we are a nation that is treading on the minefield called religion. the pressure cooker is only kept stable because we carefully balance the religious freedom of different religion. and even then, we have racist/bigoted comments regarding other religion already. the one thing that most of the religious community have in common is their disdain for the lgbt. there is no point in creating a common enemy for them to fight.
the majority of the more conservative people are from older generations. and it's harder to change their mind than to, for lack of a better phrase, wait for them to go away. i applaud and support the pink dot for sparking and maintaining the conversation regarding lgbt, but we should make sure progress does not come at the expense of stability. hence the government's reluctance to repeal 377a (even though it is a stupid law of the past). and since the government literally closes both eyes with what you do in the privacy of your own house, lgbt's are not literally driven into a corner to be executed. the government is now trying to appease both sides of the quarrel by allowing lgbt their private space to do what they want while acquiescing to the religious demands of the conservatives without outright discrimination against the lgbt community. that is to say, singapore has a "don't ask, don't tell" policy. baby steps.
amos yee was punished because he was purposely stirring shit in the religious community that we tried so hard to appease and make them coexist with each other. it's not about him insulting the christians or the muslims for that matter. it's him stirring shit in anything he can think of, so the government have to step in to make him stop, with whatever charges they can think of before he gets mobbed.
> so now going back to my two initial points ... exhausted sooner, and more mentally troubled.
this i agree with too. the combination of increased information flow (and thus the flow of bad news), slowing down of the global economy, speeding up of technology, widening income gap in all major cities, and general anti-foreigner views of major cities are causing people to be pressured and exhausted.
my gripe is that they know something is happening, but they do not know what or why. they pick a side and stick to it, simultaneously demonizing the other side. nobody wants to reach across the line to make peace. "you are either with us or against us." the fact that to understand the people across the line takes an immense amount of time and effort does not help matters. so with their ignorance, they keep talking about what "should be" while failing to take into consideration "what is". they backseat drive without know about the road, the car, or even where they are.
------
not all negotiations are public, and many are oblique. trump has facilitated this not by attempting to command the angry dog, but by bullying its owner to--china. this is why china has been a central figure in trump's foreign policy and why he's been so openly aggressive with them despite saying flowery things about xi.
to explain i'd really need to explain how clinton essentially sold major influence within the democratic party to [china in 1996](<url>), to illustrate the deep roots china has developed in this country and why its essentially retarded the korean peace process. i can cite any of these sources in great detail, if you'd like but i'm going to summarize because this is complex. essentially though, bill clinton ensured that china would have to be another client state like saudi arabia that helped get people elected--if you didn't have chinese money, you'd be at a major disadvantage. and clinton went deep on this, literal chinese intelligence assets were handing over money in the white house, for both campaigning and to help with clintons legal funds (we know this due to confessions before congress, bank statements, we even had video evidence.) so deep ties that have continued to this day processing money through small donor loop holes in campaign finance law. you can read how its done in this report if you're interested, but essentially it requires removal of the [cvv code check from donation websites](<url>), from there its fairly easy to slip in millions. (one of obama's advisors was literally running ads in china for this reason.)
this has made it so most presidents won't actually touch china, or enforce sanctions which china willfully ignores. trump is not one of those presidents. he called out the chinese publicly, and brought the hammer down threatening [sanctions directly against them as well if they continue](<url>). this bullying is particularly effective right now because of the delicacy of xi's position, as he's just finished an effective coup of the communist party where he's wiped out (through his "anti-corruption" purge) most of his opposition, but its left him with a lot of potential new enemies and he can't afford to have his economy shit the bed. unfortunately for him, china has been doping its economy with zombie industries fueled by the state for a very long time, and those industries went into over-drive to mitigate the 2008 collapse. china's in a really precarious situation, and trump is exploiting it.
trump has essentially isolated nk and applied pressure through the chain that normally governs them (china). he's shown, repeatedly, he's not playing chicken--he's willing to slam his semi-truck right into china's if need be. he's also shown he's not concerned with international condemnation for being openly provocative and aggressive with nk--which essentially takes away the ability for brinkmanship by the nks, because they are terrified trump is as serious as a heart attack. if you believe rumors about his administration, this is all a cultivated image--meant to make it look like he's the bad cop, while the president of sk is the good cop. as said, this is all being done around nk--its oblique to nk, because nk itself has never been the issue, its their patrons, china and to a lesser extent russia which have been.
trump has been super aggressive with foreign policy and shitting on old, corrupt networks that america is bogged down in. its why europe is terrified, because europe and even china feed on those networks. but there is a reason why you have a radical reforming prince in saudi arabia assassinating people, and finally pressuring more radical elements, and a host of other major global changes that have happened. what americans don't know here could fill a fucking book, literally--because the news refuses to dig into any of these topics aside from perfunctory overview of articles of official happenings (no digging for anonymous sources, or the typical editorials you'd get if say, trump was found to be fucking a porn star). but that's essentially why much of this is happening. there is a reason why the sk president thanks trump.
------
regarding the son's prehuman existence, john says: "in the beginning the word was, and the word was with god, and the word was a god." (joh 1:1, nw) the king james version and the douay version read: "in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god." this would make it appear that the word was identical with almighty god, while the former reading, in the new world translation, indicates that the word is not the god, almighty god, but is a mighty one, a god. (even the judges of ancient israel, who wielded great power in the nation, were called "gods." [ps 82:6; joh 10:34, 35]) actually, in the greek text, the definite article ho, "the," appears before the first "god," but there is no article before the second.
other translations aid in getting the proper view. the interlinear word-for-word reading of the greek translation in the emphatic diaglott reads: "in a beginning was the word, and the word was with the god, and a god was the word." the accompanying text of the diaglott uses capital and small capital letters for the god, and initial capital and lowercase letters for the second appearance of "god" in the sentence: "in the beginning was the logos, and the logos was with god, and the logos was god."
these renderings would support the fact that jesus, being the son of god and the one used by god in creating all other things (col 1:15-20), is indeed a "god," a mighty one, and has the quality of mightiness, but is not the almighty god. other translations reflect this view. the new english bible says: "and what god was, the word was." the greek word translated "word" is lo'gos; and so moffatt's translation reads: "the logos was divine." the american translation reads: "the word was divine." other readings, by german translators, follow. by bohmer: "it was tightly bound up with god, yes, itself of divine being." by stage: "the word was itself of divine being." by menge: "and god (= of divine being) the word was." and by thimme: "and god of a sort the word was." all these renderings highlight the quality of the word, not his identity with his father, the almighty god. being the son of jehovah god, he would have the divine quality, for divine means "godlike."--col 2:9; compare 2pe 1:4, where "divine nature" is promised to christ's joint heirs.
the four gospels--a new translation, by professor charles cutler torrey, says: "in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god. when he was in the beginning with god all things were created through him; without him came no created thing into being." (joh 1:1-3) note that what the word is said to be is spelled without a capital initial letter, namely, "god."
this word, or lo'gos, was god's only direct creation, the only-begotten son of god, and evidently the close associate of god to whom god was speaking when he said: "let us make man in our image, according to our likeness." (ge 1:26) hence john continued, saying: "this one was in the beginning with god. all things came into existence through him, and apart from him not even one thing came into existence."--joh 1:2, 3.
other scriptures plainly show that the word was god's agent through whom all other things came into existence. there is "one god the father, out of whom all things are, . . . and there is one lord, jesus christ, through whom all things are." (1co 8:6) the word, god's son, was "the beginning of the creation by god," otherwise described as "the firstborn of all creation; because by means of him all other things were created in the heavens and upon the earth."--re 3:14; col 1:15, 16.
------
> but you can't control whether learning more about something makes you want to learn even more about it. and you only chose to learn something in the first place because you wanted to - a want that you didn't choose to have. obviously you are born with attitudes that would incline you to one thing over another. but you can direct yourself to cultivate likes and dislikes over time is what i'm saying. you can even cultivate the desire to want but desire something else. i explained why the infinite regress argument is flawed. it's based on an ignorance of what we mean when we talk about agent causation or the " agent doing. " there is nothing causing the agent to do anything in a free act. reasons are not causes. > is it even possible to prove that that's possible? i think the burden is on the person saying we don't have free will because it's plainly obvious to me that i do have it. i'm not convinced by any of the reasons even the most intelligent philosophers give against free fall because i think they are very flawed for the major reason i gave about either relying on a causal closure principle which is very strong to be plausible or relying on a causal closure principle which is too weak to support the conclusion against free will. and, as i said, there will never be an argument that " hits the sweet spot " so do speak because it's too bound up in the philosophy of mind issues. > could you explain this a bit further? right so it's just an assertion, simply an assertion that doesn't make any sense to me at all. i would think that reasons are just causes to do something. a reason to do something doesn't cause you to do anything unless you're acting irrationally. i may jump out of the way of a falling rock and that may be described later as no " reasonable thing to do " but i didn't do it rationally. why? because the fact of the falling rock caused me to fling myself out of the way. the reason caused me the act. that's simply a rational action. that's merely a happenstance that may be described as a " reasonable thing to do " in hindsight but not a rational thing to do. rational things are when the agent responds in light of the reasons and not because of the reasons. acting rationally means that you conform to the reason and not that the reason makes you conform. i don't think rational action is possible unless we have robust free will. we seem to be able to act rationally. thus, we have robust free will. if you want to know more i highly recommend you read ej lowe's book on personal agency and stop watching ignorant morons prattle on about something they don't understand on youtube. - - - > because not having free will means " it wasn't in [ my ] power to think differently ", to come to a different conclusion about it? do i understand your position correctly? no. i'm saying you cannot be rationally justified in believing x is true if you have a practical defeater ( as i defined it ) which suggests it probably isn't. any argument against free will is a practical defeater against believing the conclusion of that argument. it's self undermining in this way. so you can't be rationally justified to believe it. for if you were, then i would be rationally justified to believe grass really is blue ( as i see it ) even though i have the practical defeater that it's only blue for me ( the fact i have that weird disease ).
------
> i say that while we have a welfare state, which we are no where getting rid of, then the people that we owe citizenship to are our own poor. and i'm saying that i'm just seeing a logical connection supporting giving " citizens " welfare and not " immigrants " the same besides the " you have this piece of paper and you don't " argument. let's say the federal government ( hypothetically ) passed a law declaring everyone who lives in the united states is a united mexican citizen. would you then have no problem with welfare for immigrants, since they're now refugees, right? my point is, the distinction of citizenship is entirely arbitrary, and your reluctance to extend the same " entitlements " to non - citizens as you do to citizens seems equally ridiculous. > what is it with you and pretending that citizenship is just a piece of paper. because that's exactly what it is. citizenship is just a piece of paper governments give their various subjects / citizens to maintain the collectivist social structure that is the " nation - state. " the fact that throughout history various ethnic and geographic areas were repeatedly conquered, given various citizenships, had those citizenships rescinded, and on and on more or less proves citizenship is not something individuals are born with or allotted as virtue of their humanity, but are arbitrary designations assigned by whatever executive power happens to be in charge at the time. > it is the * * collective * * that has agreed to live under the laws of the united states. i agree, the nation - state is a collectivist structure that seeks to undermine cultural sanctity of the individual in favor of collectivist groupthink, of " my nation vs your nation. " i am an individualist, not a collectivist, and i believe the idea of the nation as a collective entity should not have the power to violate the right of an individual to live and work and enter private arrangements where he or she chooses, no matter what nationality or migrant status he or she might have. we bring it into to our discussion, to me there is no fundamental difference between an american or a mexican or a german or any other nationality. we are all individuals, all endowed by nature with the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and i don't believe the state's arbitrary distinction alone constitutes just cause to extend or withdraw the responsibilities or benefits of that state. if you want to say some people don ' t pay into the system and thus shouldn't get welfare, that's a perfectly reasonable stance and well - supported without arbitrary distinctions. but when you look at the people who don't pay into the system, and say some of those people actually should get welfare because of the arbitrary distinction of citizenship while others shouldn't because they don't have that distinction, that's when i argue that you are not basing your beliefs on solid foundations and are instead relying on arbitrary collectivist notions of " my group " vs. " your group " which again i, an individualist, do not believe are well - substantiated. > your study is legal to fuck. get something newer. [ the it boom and other unintended consequences of chasing the american dream. ] ( < url > ) april 2017. > supported by a rich descriptive analysis of the changes in the 1990s and 2000s, we match data moments and show that our model captures levels and trends of key variables in validation tests. we perform counterfactual exercises and find that the h - 1b program induced indians to switch to computer science ( cs ) occupations, increasing the cs workforce in india and raising overall it output in india by 5 %. it also induced us workers to switch to non - cs occupations, reducing the us native cs workforce by 9 %. consumers in both countries benefit as prices in it are lower and overall it output is larger. the combined income of both countries is higher by 0. 36 % because of this high - skilled migration. [ understanding the economic impact of the h - 1b program on the u. s. ] ( < url > ) february 2017. > counterfactual simulations based on our model suggest that immigration increased the overall welfare of us natives, and had significant distributional consequences. in the absence of immigration, wages for us computer scientists would have been 2. 6 % to 5. 1 % higher and employment in computer science for us workers would have been 6. 1 % to 10. 8 % higher in 2001. on the other hand, complements in production benefited substantially from immigration, and immigration also lowered prices and raised the output of it goods by between 1. 9 % and 2. 5 %, thus benefiting consumers. finally, firms in the it sector also earned substantially higher profits due to immigration. [ more h - 1b visas, more american jobs, a better economy ] ( < url > ) 2008. > raising the cap on h - 1b visas for skilled workers would allow american businesses to expand operations here in the united states, creating more jobs and higher wages for american workers. increasing the h - 1b cap would also raise significant tax revenue from highly skilled and highly paid workers. > heritage foundation calculations show that raising the cap to 195, 000 visas would increase revenues by a total of nearly < cur > 69 billion over eight years. unlike tax increases, this would be an economically beneficial source of revenue for paygo offsets. ( the pay - as - you - go rule mandates that any new congressional spending or tax changes must not add to the federal deficit ; any new costs must be offset with money from existing funds. )
------
you didnt see evidence against the point that im not refuting because im leaving it to others to refute it. what you saw is evidence against your article that was called academically dishonest and i called them out on it. right but thats the bias im talking about. two people have a child. one believes that providing resources is the best way to care for a child. his / her ( his ) contribution is not taken into effect in custody court except to ascertain how much money to take from him. the other believes that best way to care for a child is to cut back on providing resources and scale up direct care ( my source referred to it as unpaid work ). this makes sense since biologically one sex will literally create food out of their bodies ( it even comes with a spigot ). many couples find this division of child care to be " natural ". however when the couple divorces providing resources is seen more as punitive in that the father will continue to provide those resources usually in a form of check made out to the mother or he will go to fucking jail. every attorney's general office in teh united states has an action hotline a mother can call to report her deadbeat dad. on the other hand, if youre the partner that chose direct service then your actions are better rewarded because you get to be the gatekeeper to the kids and you now get a check out the mail. on the other hand, there is no action hotline you can call if the mother is playing fast and uncomfortable with visitation because nobody gives a shit. so youre right, if fathers want to bolster their custody case they should tell their partners and new mothers to get fucked and get back to fucking work because letting them stay home with their baby is the shortcut to not having custody. in the same way we should be fighting maternity leave because if she is staying home with the baby then she is just bolstering her case for custody while the father s losing his. further if a mom wants to cut back to part time to stay home with her kids we should tell dad he better also cut back, mortgage be damned, or he will.... again by law.... block access over his fucking kids like some bunch of chump if things go south. when you point it out this way you can start to see how nonsensical it is to assign custody based on the living arrangements the couple made as a couple and then apply it.... by the full sanction of the law... to the living arrangement now that they are not. yet its brought up all the fucking time and father's concerns about access to their children are waved away with, " well if you were so concerned why werent you spending time with them beforehand like the mother was ". its all so very cute and quaint.
------
these are solid comments. i'd have to disagree with you on a few things, and you still go off the deep end a few things. i think you're understating what roseanne actually said. i think sarah jeong said some nasty shit, but i tend to accept her explanation that it was a juvenile reaction to harassment she had received. i've certainly said enough dumb shit online, and i don't think it should come back to haunt people years later, unless they continue to make the comments, or if they have membership to some questionable group, or recent harassment incidents, etc. i don't really agree with the firing of james damore, but i completely see why people might see diversity - driven hiring practices as necessary despite damore'other thoughts on the matter. the science is not super clear on gender differences, and it is entirely possible that many of the traits we think of as'gendered'are actually socialized over generations, and maybe it's worth trying to correct them. i won't agree with government diversity mandates, but if a private company wants to practice some soft discrimination in hiring to try and encourage ambition in women, i think that's basically up to them. still, firing damore rather than having a discussion sets an unhealthy precedent. same goes for smith. > i literally don't see how this is any different from how people of color were allegedly treated 60 years ago. we're not widely subject to mob violence or police brutality. comparing any oppression whites are experiencing today to what black folks went through prior to gaining civil rights is insane. > okay, historically. meaning, not now. i'm being mistreated now. it's not simple mistreatment. black people were broadly enslaved and brutalized until the 1860s. they were legally, systematically, and culturally marginalized, impoverished, and disenfranchised to various extents for another century. to think that every racial minority could rebound from centuries past oppression while living next door to the descendants of their former oppressors is absurd. it'creates something we, as a country and as individual countrymen, have to think about and act upon with the same seriousness as we did slavery and civil rights. being called a nazi for using nazi slogans, and having a qualified black woman get hired before you is not even in the same ballpark as what american blacks have gone through. > this is actually an interesting case, since there's reasons to believe that diversity and civil rights cultism played a role in contributing to the financial collapse. believe me, i know, that's one of the reasons i say we need to move away from legislative paternalism on these issues. > i'm not even 100 % white ; i actually have a good portion of levantine blood in me, but that doesn't stop people from assuming i'm a nazi and a white supremacist if i identify as what i look like and feel like, which is white. maybe the reason why white liberals can turn their nose down at people like is because they're more likely to be purebred and have no need for a generalized racial identity. when you think of it, " white " is basically a lower class in the american caste system. well, again, people assume you're a nazi because you say nazi shit. apart from that, this is an interesting point. lots of " mixed " american whites identify primarily with their religion. however, those religions also tend to have a lot of correlation to specific european heritages as well. i'm an atheist, but i sometimes reference my jewish heritage because it's an ethnicity in addition to a religion, and i'm fully half that ethnicity. you seem to have a pretty solid grasp on your ethnic background, and i'd suggest that you study your family's history and have pride in the things that they accomplished. in the same way that white americans have varied ethnic backgrounds, there's also not a whole lot of shared sub - cultural experience for us ( as just " white " ), like there is for american blacks. this may explain in some ways why black pride is acceptable while white pride is not. the other element of that is that " white pride " is specifically a slogan / rhetorical device used by white supremacists, while " black pride, " " gay pride " and the like are not. for blacks and gays it's more of a counterpoint to being robbed of their dignity and pride for so long. > the only long - term effects of the civil rights revolution has been riots, censorship, political correctness, race hatred, a reduction of social cohesion and communal trust, and the destruction of the black community. racial tensions in this country are higher now than they have been in a while, but to say the situation has been deteriorating, is completely ahistorical. if the black community is worse off now than it once was, i would argue that it's primarily due to economic factors rather than sociopolitical ones. > again, a semantic comparison between the two. semantics, tone, and context matter in every real debate. we're not talking about philosophical proofs and axioms. > if someone's ethnicity has nothing to do with anything, then i never want to hear the words nazi, or white supremacist, ever in my life again. not exactly my point. you can say that a white supremacist or a nazi is basing their philosophy around whiteness. you can't say that a globalist, marxist, banker, sjw, or any of the other shit i've seen parentheses around are basing their philosophy around jewishness. you obviously can't say all whites are nazis, just like you can't say all jews are marxist sjws, but when you call someone a nazi, you are pointing out that specific person, and when you say ( ( ( marxism ) ) ), you're tying something you perceive as negative to an entire group of people. > well, thanks, i sincerely appreciate that. thoughtful is what i'm going for. i want to make people think and consider that maybe not everyone like me out there is a horrible person, i want to test what works and what doesn't in deconstructing some of the ideas i find problematic, and i also want to steelman my arguments to a crowd so that if i really am saying anything fucked up or based on a faulty premise, i can know about it. if you're looking to improve your arguments, literally the first thing you should do is drop the 14 words and the echos. i'm not saying the pure ideas behind those are necessarily faulty. well, the echos are just antisemitic bullshit that don't need to be used by anyone ever, but i think the sentiment that " white people are being out - bred and we want to head off any serious oppression we might face in the future, and we want to talk about what we perceive as mistreatment now " can be expressed without resorting to a slogan coined by a neo - nazi, pagan terrorist.
------
> every wikipedia page refers to ml/standard ml/ocaml as a general purpose language.
also, they explain the history of ml creation - which was just a little dsl for theorem proving.
> since you were claiming it was designed for compilers, not theorem proving
not a big difference. also, ml is still not the most suitable language for compilers, actually, it's just way more suitable than the most of the others.
> saying they're basically the same thing is not the most defensible position.
ok, mind explaining the difference? theorem proving boils down to rewriting trees, occasionally backtracking (hence, functional data structures). compilation boils down to rewriting trees (and should have been backtracking too, but usually don't bother). cannot see any fundamental difference here, backtracking or not, persistent data structures are useful for compilation too.
> how on earth can array and vector computations be unable to be implemented in a language that also has pattern matching?
go on, extend hindley-milner to play well with, say, tensor ranks. i'm genuinely interested (in fact, i have a couple of passable solutions to this). most likely, your solution will be too complex to really worth being implemented, just for the sake of self-hosting.
> python is an extremely general purpose language that was never designed for vector math, but it's arguably becoming the backbone of scientific computation.
python is a pile of shit, for pretty much any imaginable application. it's becoming popular because worse is better.
now, have a look at a language that was actually designed for this sort of things - apl. are you insane enough to write a compiler in an apl? concatenative languages play well with array-centric computing, but are not so good for transforming trees.
> if a language supports operator overloading, then bam, it's suddeny great for vector math.
you have a very low standard of what is passable.
> virtually every program needs to parse and manipulate inputs, whether it's a binary format on disk representing a database or a picture, or a message in json, xml, etc.
and yet, most of the languages do not have any proper features for doing it.
also, why would you even want to parse json in a language built for array-centric computing, or in a relational language, or whatever else?
> i'm certain the llvm developers would disagree wholeheartedly that c++ is not very well suited to writing compilers.
and you're wrong. come to a next llvm meeting (such as eurollvm) and talk to people there.
also, this is exactly the reason for tablegen, and its ever growing scope. i'm pretty sure one day it'll cover instcombine too.
> if that were the case, it would have been rewritten, or at least new modules would be written in something suitable...
there are other reasons - such as, performance requirements and availability of a toolchain for a diverse range of platforms.
> authors of most languages think they're developing a great general purpose language,
nope. only the dumb ones. those who actually know what they're doing are designing very narrowly scoped domain-specific languages instead.
> "laborious" means that it takes time and effort to do something.
also, it means that if you're writing your pass in c++, python or whatever else unsuitable, your noise to signal ratio is too high. you're writing 90% boilerplate code surrounding 10% of something meaningful. that's laborious.
if your language is built with tree rewriting in mind, you'll have 100% meaningful code with 0% noise rituals, making your work far more efficient and your code much more maintainable and easier to comprehend.
> optimization passes take time to understand and implement. typing speed is not the limiting factor.
lol wut? now you're claiming that a 90% noise code is only limiting your typing speed and nothing else? what about being able to actually *read* this code?
i recommend that you go and read instcombine, and try to figure out what it's doing. despite the actual meaning of all transforms there being dead trivial, understandable for anyone who vaguely remember the most basic algebra from school, the code itself is mostly a noise, and you must try really hard to see the trivial algebra through it. now, with a suitable language, you'll see the rewrite rules immediately, like 'a * 0 = 0' and so on.
> but i recognize that our major compilers, interpreters, and jits are almost all written in c or c++
for the reasons that have nothing to do with ease of implementation and maintainability.
> hey must not suck that much at manipulating trees, regardless of how narrowly you seem to view languages.
yet, they do suck, and it's a major show stopper. once again, see tablegen language - without it llvm would have been an even bigger mess, and, likely, would have stayed a decade behind.
same thing for gcc - if you think it's written in c, you're wrong. the most horrible parts (isel, for example) are implemented in ad hoc dsls too.
------
mike rowe of dirty jobs fame wrote this yesterday. ""we're going to do something."
you've been very quiet about the kaepernick pr disaster at nike. any thoughts? - sam wilder
hi sam. nike's free to celebrate whomever they wish, and kaepernick is entitled to his opinion - kneeling, standing, or lying down. but if i was going to put someone's face on a billboard - someone who epitomized bravery and sacrifice - i might have gone another way, especially this time of year. i might have gone with this guy - tom burnett.
tom's last act on earth was one of the most courageous things imaginable. and his last words to his wife, deena, are among the most inspiring i've ever heard. those exact words are at the top of this page, and the bottom. they were spoken seventeen years ago, under conditions i hope to never experience. i'll never forget tom's last words. i hope you won't either.
transcript of tom's last calls to deena
6:27 a.m.( pacific time) first cell phone call from tom to deena
deena: hello
tom: deena
deena: tom, are you o.k.?
tom: no, i'm not. i'm on an airplane that has been hijacked.
deena: hijacked?
tom: yes, they just knifed a guy.
deena: a passenger?
tom: yes.
deena: where are you? are you in the air?
tom: yes, yes, just listen. our airplane has been hijacked. it's united flight 93 from newark to san francisco. we are in the air. the hijackers have already knifed a guy, one of them has a gun, they are telling us there is a bomb on board, please call the authorities. he hung up.
6:31 deena calls 911
6:34 the phone rang in on call waiting, tom's second cell phone call.
deena: hello
tom: they're in the cockpit. the guy they knifed is dead.
deena: he's dead?
tom: yes. i tried to help him, but i couldn't get a pulse.
deena: tom, they are hijacking planes all up and down the east coast. they are taking them and hitting designated targets. they've already hit both towers of the world trade center.
tom: they're talking about crashing this plane. (a pause) oh my god. it's a suicide mission...(he then tells people sitting around him)
deena: who are you talking to?
tom: my seatmate. do you know which airline is involved?
deena: no, they don't know if they're commercial airlines or not. the newsreporters are speculating cargo planes, private planes and commercial. no one knows.
tom: how many planes are there?
deena: they're not sure, at least three. maybe more.
tom: o.k....o.k....do you know who is involved?
deena: no.
tom: we're turning back toward new york. we're going back to the world trade center. no, wait, we're turning back the other way. we're going south.
deena: what do you see?
tom: just a minute, i'm looking. i don't see anything, we're over a rural area. it's just fields. i've gotta go.
6:45 a.m. third cell phone call from tom to deena
tom: deena
deena: tom, you're o.k. (i thought at this point he had just survived the pentagon plane crash).
tom: no, i'm not.
deena: they just hit the pentagon.
tom: (tells people sitting around him "they just hit the pentagon.")
tom: o.k....o.k. what else can you tell me?
deena: they think five airplanes have been hijacked. one is still on the ground. they believe all of them are commercial planes. i haven't heard them say which airline, but all of them have originated on the east coast.
tom: do you know who is involved?
deena: no
tom: what is the probability of their having a bomb on board? i don't think they have one. i think they're just telling us that for crowd control.
deena: a plane can survive a bomb if it's in the right place.
tom: did you call the authorities?
deena: yes, they didn't know anything about your plane.
tom: they're talking about crashing this plane into the ground. we have to do something. i'm putting a plan together.
deena: who's helping you?
tom: different people. several people. there's a group of us. don't worry. i'll call you back.
6:54 a.m. fourth cell phone call to tom to deena
deena: tom?
tom: hi. anything new?
deena: no
tom: where are the kids?
deena: they're fine. they're sitting at the table having breakfast. they're asking to talk to you.
tom: tell them i'll talk to them later.
deena: i called your parents. they know your plane has been hijacked.
tom: oh...you shouldn't have worried them. how are they doing?
deena: they're o.k.. mary and martha are with them.
tom: good.
(a long quiet pause)
tom: we're waiting until we're over a rural area. we're going to take back the airplane.
deena: no! sit down, be still, be quiet, and don't draw attention to yourself! (the exact words taught to me by delta airlines flight attendant training).
tom: deena! if they're going to crash this plane into the ground, we're going to have do something!
deena: what about the authorities?
tom: we can't wait for the authorities. i don't know what they could do anyway.
it's up to us. i think we can do it.
deena: what do you want me to do?
tom: pray, deena, just pray.
(after a long pause)
deena: i love you.
tom: don't worry, we're going to do something..."
------
i'm a libertarian about free will which means i believe in robust free will. this is the common sense understanding of it. to say we can't control what we want is just another way of saying we don't have free will which begs the question since that is the conclusion of the argument. the conclusion of the argument is found (using different words) in a premise which is the definition of begging the question.
i'll go ahead and explain why the supporting argument for premise (2) is a bad argument though just to get ahead of the curve. also, afterward i'll explain the basic problem for any argument against robust free will and then i'll give an argument to show that you cannot rationally believe you don't have robust free will. by robust free will i mean the common sense, naive notion of free will that we all intuitively believe we have. i don't mean the "compatibilist" version which as far as i can tell is not very interesting at all because it's not really the kind of free will we intuitively believe we have or care about in this broad philosophical context.
so trying to change what you want at this moment is not a very good test. indeed, it does seem like we can't change what we want in the moment. however, when you think about it long term then it's obvious that we do have the capacity to change what we want. maybe if i choose to learn more about something i'll want to learn even more about it. so i can change what i want by simply doing something that i think may lead me to want that thing in the future. this is all really obvious and seems to be true. your test of trying to change what you want in the moment and not being able to is simply not an appropriate test.
now the regress argument is flawed because you don't really understand why the soul is important. galen strawson is a notable philosopher who makes this mistake often in his arguments against free will. he doesn't really seem to understand libertarian free will philosophers who talk about agent causation. it's almost like strawson and your youtuber haven't read any libertarian free will philosophers.
the problem with the argument is that it assumes there is only ever a random act or an act determined by a prior cause. and the libertarian free will i.e. person who believers in robust (common sense) free will believes that some of our intentions are not caused and yet are not random. so to assert there is only ever random uncaused acts or determined caused acts is to beg the question.
this goes into the basic problem for any argument against robust free will. the basic problem is that it either (a) assumes a causal closure principle too strong to be plausible or (b) assumes a causal closure principle too weak to support the conclusion against robust free will. and this problem is not ever going to be solved it seems to me because it is so embedded with other philosophical views like what does it mean to have a mind and whether or not the mind can interact with the body and whether there are psychophysical laws determining that interaction, etc.
i believe in substance dualism which is the only philosophy of mind that makes any sense to me which takes account of the evident data of experience. so i'm inclined to believe we have souls and our souls are essentially causal powers or "wills" which can, for reasons unknown and probably unknowable, interact with a particular body. and it seems like for at least some of our actions there is no prior determining cause for our "willing" since our "willing" for robust free acts is merely an "agent doing" and nothing causes the agent to do that doing. the agent simply does it. the distinction between random indeterminate acts and non-random indeterminate acts is that non-random indeterminate acts like in intentional acts by free agents is that the agent can conform to reasons to act or not. reasons are not causes. this is another mistake people make. they take reasons to be causes. this is called "reason internalism" and reason internalism has massive problems. the fact of "reason externalism" (the philosophy of action such that agents respond to reasons but are not caused by reasons) is enough, in my view, to get one on the way to seeing why we do have robust free will.
anyway, i'll finish off with the argument that you cannot rationally accept the proposition that you don't have robust free will. there is not relevant distinction as far as this argument goes between practical and theoretical rationality. in order to rationally accept some theoretical proposition you shouldn't have any practical defeaters, let's call them. what i mean by practical defeater is that you have no reason to believe that it wasn't in your power to think differently. for example, if i learn that grass is usually blue by experience then i have reason to believe grass is blue. suppose that i use the word "green" to refer to my blue experience in conversation with others and it has never caused any issues in my life. so i'm justified in believing grass really is blue and yet i call it "green." however, suppose i learn that i had some kind of disease which for whatever reason only switched the green experience to blue when i see grass and nothing else. then i'd have what i'm calling a practical defeater to not believe grass is blue. so i should not believe it anymore.
so any argument against robust free will is a practical defeater for itself. therefore, you are never rationally justified in believing you don't have free will.
------
firstly, thanks for your measured reply. i'm conflicted by this statement, or rather by its validity. on one hand, yeah, they expect the extra < cur > and get paid less due to social convention and the customer expects it too, so it's a dick move to expect service and not pay for it. but they chose to work a way with a certain level of risk, one of which is sometimes not getting tip, because on you it pays a lot more than other entry - level jobs ( which high - end dining isn't, you need a specific training where i live for fancy restaurants to even look at your application ; and they get paid much more than average salary ). yes, it's a callous argument, but i think it's on par with denying someone access to something they can legally expect because they can't pay the extra % for expected service ( assuming the waiters does its job up to social expectations ), except one is legal and the other isn't ( for what it's worth ). another user pointed out that often, the waiter won't know they're already getting a tip until after, i agreed that that's exploitative. i'm genuinely curious, how would someone respond to a customer being upfront about it and not expecting anything less than minimal service? i would be scared to eat the food, social expectations means i would think the cook or waiter would spit in my food, and i don't think that's either fair or sustainable. we get back to your point, yeah, when a person doesn't tip ( i do tip ), the waiter does lose on forecast / expected money. however, in most situations, they're not actually losing money they've already earned or would have earned. i can easily come up with things where they would, e. g. a person sits down and sits at a 4 - seat table, cooks and stays for an instant, demanding constant service etc, the waiter is totally losing money because they can't wait other tables plus the customer is preventing other people from occupying the area and that's more potential money lost. 100 % agree there. but how often does that really happen? most of the time this isn't the case. based on personal experience, 95 % of the time, when i eat out ( which some do often ) i have direct interactions with the waiter for an average of something like 4 minutes. i did a breakdown of a typical interaction elsewhere in this thread for a simple burger meal with just water, please take a look and let me know what you think of my numbers estimates but basically on a 20 dollar bill that would be 3 dollar tip ( 15 % ), scaled up to an hour we're looking at an extra 36 dollars per hour. that's a lot of money to expect in my opinion, but that's another point entirely and not part of my argumentation. consequently, you're absolutely right... for a % of the time. most of the time a waiter only needs to interact with a customer for around 5 minutes and gets an extremely good ratio of money / effort. so their net loss on a situation like the one i outlined ( because not tipping and being an actual asshole too is not worth debating at all ) is not actual. i do recognize that for a ( from my observations ) small % of the time, the waiter can lose actual money due to the opportunity cost.
------
so basically as the title suggests i ve been feeling like an enemy of my girlfriend because with things working out for me. i'll preface this by some background info before i get in to the real situation that happened. so my girlfriend and i are in the same class at university, this means that we do the exact same thing for school and has the same assignments. while i have always been more laidback and ( sort of ) lazy, generally because things tend to be fine, so i dont see the point of stressing about everything. she however is very ambitious regarding her studies and i respect that about her and sometimes wish i was more like her in that regard. she almost always gets high grades while i am more of a b student, which i think is fair for the time students respectively invest into school. so we finished a new semester this fall and it has left a lot of room for the study groups to decide how much longer they wanna spend at campus and on weekly assignments. more group ended up being more lax than hers. for example : we spent about 2 hours on an assignment her group spent 7 on and her group spends atleast a couple of hours on campus everyday while mine often decides that we should work from home / take the day off because we don't feel the need to be there everyday. during the semester she has poked me a few times with comments like : " your group is a bit of a slacker group arent you? " " you guys are lazy, are you doing everything properly ". you catch the drift, and while i can see what this means i don't think the comments have any merit regarding the quality of our project so i just shrugged it off until today. today we had a fun day windowshopping and getting pastry from a local shop, or so i thought. she however decided to try the subject again but this time she all this things but also said " it must be so easy going by university, huh " " do you think your parents would like it if they knew how little time you spend on studies? " and it just rubbed me the wrong way really badly so i took the bait and engaged with indifference saying stuff like " we'll see what happens at the exam " hinting that all the hours they spent maybe didnt have the impact they thought. she went on to say things like " i think im so much better than everyone else ". and i got to thinking why does she care so much? she wouldnt give me a clear answer other than what other people were thinking of us " slacking " and i remembered she had the same reaction when i made some money on cryptocurrencies, she told me i really didnt do anything so i dont deserve the money. and i dont know why she has this attitude towards things working out for me when i dont put as much " effort " into things as she does. she has the grades to prove she does more than me so why does she need this? please i need some input from you guys. tl ; dr girlfriend seems to resent me and start fights because she thinks i come by things too easily, what could be happening?
------
this is a hard question. theoretically, yes. i'll start with the philosophical view of it. the brain forms healthily in subjects who must not undergo abuse, therefore, it is feasible that the brain may grow into a healthier configuration at some future point. it is technically possible, but is it possible right now? i don't know of any working examples of people fixing brain disorders, so we'll have a quick look. the definition of a brain lesion means an area of abnormal tissue growth that appears'different'than anticipated on mri scans. then the problem is that the brain has been'set'in a poor way. when you grow up as a child, and you have all of this growth going on, that affects your brain's development, toxic environments likely cause your brain to be'set'and to learn that environment. then we have two problems, one is that these neural networks now exist. and would it be a good idea to remove them? we would likely want to'reform'these neural networks rather than excise the cells. the other is that we need a method to produce a positive growth affect. if it is true that the brain can develop healthily in a good environment then a strong support base would be necessary given that someone had'new neurons'to grow a more appropriate brain structure in these areas. i don't know how to make a neuron just right now but since we could create neurons naturally then yes i am very confident that it is possible for us to create neurons, nerves, astrocytes, etc, in vivo. consider adult neurogenesis for example : < url > our researchers today are interested in stimulating brain regrowth and repair, in many different diseases, i think there is a good chance that in the future we will have the capacity to'heal'things like depression and even diseases that destroy the tissue such as ms. as you can see, anti - depressants specifically aim to try to stimulate neurogenesis in the hippocampus, and since anything could technically be termed a'lesion ', the answer to your question is yes. edit ; another important factor to think of is genetics. genetics is a very actively, exploding industry, at the moment, things like crispr went mainstream and they even have alternatives today, it's steadily marching on and the future looks pretty bright for fixing things'genetically '. the problem i see in the future for that is that, cells with different genes to other cells might be rejected somehow. i'm not even sure how that integration works, but, i think given that some naturally occurring genetic differentiation exists in nature, that it isn't as reactive to new genetic alterations as people think. therefore, retroviral therapies may be pretty suitable for changing people's genetics at the core, and environmental cues may enable epigenetic'switches'to be pressed that leads to recovery.
------
in christian theology, in a true biblical interpretation of the bible, god calls you first. some christians believe that they make a choice to accept christ, and then follow him. in reality, god calls his children to himself. " then the jews surrounded him and said to him,'how long do you keep us in doubt? if you are the christ, tell us plainly.'jesus taught them,'i told yours, and you do not believe. the works that i do in my father'your name, therefore bear witness of me. but you do not believe, because you are not of my sheep, as i said to you. my sheep hear my voice, and i know them, and they follow me. and i give them eternal life, and they shall never perish ; neither shall anyone snatch them out of my hand. my father, who has given them to me, is greater than all ; and no one is able to snatch them out of my father's hand. i and my father are one.'john 10 : 24 - 30 nkjv < url > sorry for the long excerpt and i believe the entirety of it is necessary here. here we can notice that god gives jesus those people he is to save, as in he chooses them to be set aside for the reward of salvation, which is jesus'sacrifice. jesus sacrificed himself for these " sheep " which are people who know and follow christ. do i physically hear the voice of jesus? no, i do not, but i can tell the difference between god's teaching, and the teachings of men. all of god'good people have heard the difference. i am not saying saying that all who claim to be christians have made this discernment, here is an excerpt from jesus to explain this : " not everyone who says to me,'lord, lord,'shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of my father in heaven. many will say to me in that day,'lord, lord, have we not prophesied in your name, cast out demons in your name, and done many wonders in your name?'and then i will declare to men,'i never abandoned you ; depart from me, you who practice lawlessness!'matthew 7 : 21 - 23 nkjv < url > here, jesus acknowledges that there are some who claim to believe that he is god, but because they do not truly believe in him as christ, they do not carry themselves as christians ( not that they are imperfect, we all are, but that they do not bear the fruits of a true faith ). this may seem very ambiguous, but i'm sure you can think of a very hypocritical example of christianity in your own experience to support this claim. they use god's name to make money, and feed people lies, and do all sorts of evil under the mask of being holy men. it is rather sickening, but that is not christianity. if god is truly calling you, you will know it.
------
>i'm not talking about euthypro's dilemma. that's not even relevant at all. i'm talking about designing a better world. in my mind, this would probably come about after making a superpowerful ai which could solve those problems for us.
knowing *why* a thing is moral or not would solve euthyphros dilemma. so such an ai would still need to be able to answer it.
>the difference is a child eventually grows up, whereas people don't become gods. so the child : human :: human : god analogy doesn't hold up.
we are told that we are made in god's image and that when we are in heaven we will be like him. so perhaps in some sense our souls grow to be like god.
>second, what it sounds like is that you're saying basically we have no way of knowing what god wants or doesn't and we should just accept its judgements, outcomes etc without question. so, it comes down to blind faith at the end of the day for you.
isn't that the whole point of faith and trust? if a doctor tells a child they are sick and need to take a medicine, there might be no way for that child to understand why they are sick and what the medicine is, but if their parents tell them to trust the doctor they will probably willingly take the medicine.
i have tested the words of jesus christ and i have found them always to be trustworthy. i see everyday the outcome of sin and the outcome of love. i believe that a purely atheistic and materialistic view leads only to nihilism, and destroys any grounding for claims about moral responsibility. so, i believe i have sufficient reason to trust god, and thus sufficient reason to trust that he has a very good reason for having the world as it is.
basically, the problem of natural evil is not a logical proof against god, so if you have reason to believe and trust in god, then we have reason to give him the benefit of the doubt.
>it also sounds like you're making the argument that if god says something is good, it is good, vs god following the rules of being good.
that's euthyphros dilemma. if there is an objective moral standard is it so because god defines it to be or does god follow it because it is good? i don't know, but i trust god is not leading me astray.
>the former leads to tyrannical rule where god could enslave everyone and it would be good, which people would generally accept to be wrong instead.
again that comes down to trust. i believe god took on human form to demonstrate his love to us while we continued to hate and oppose him. i believe god loved the very people that were mocking him and killing him, even though their entire existence was dependent on him. so, i believe that god would never do the tyrannical and evil things you suggest, as i have sufficient reason to trust him.
------
really? the current hot topic? as if it hasn't been happening for decades, probably at least a century. but of course it only counts if it's happening now.
why do you think i'm having a go at your announced religion? when did you announce it? are you a baptist? protestant? church of latter day saints? come on now lad, you're just assuming people should know because that's how integrated it is to your society.
and how wasn't i on topic? stop twisting things to fit your views. op said something that has been proven and you had a go at him for it, i pulled you up for it because people who don't like a truth get at the people saying it. what the hell topic did you think we were on? treading on naysayers?
>you wanted to make an off topic joke targeted specifically at the worst part of my faith.
indoctrination of children, policies against gay people, integration into government, cherry-picking verses to push specific agendas, belief you are higher than others instead of separate, using it to lend credence to violence, belief that clergymen are beyond reproach leading them to take advantage of their position. though to me the first is the worst, as it is teaching children as though it is fact and not letting them decide for themselves.
>had you wanted to make a true joke; you'd have picked something related to the topic. not the hot-button issue that's plaguing the church.
really? again, what topic? plus, it isn't a hotbutton issue, it's been going on for at least 40 years if my memory serves me.
>you wanted to make it about this merely because you saw the word "catholic".
that was never mentioned so i have no idea where you saw that, apart from an ill-gotten desire to assume the world is against the biggest corporate religion ever.
>so if you wanna discuss it that's a-ok lad. but discuss it in the appropriate areas instead of trying to dig into someone just because they mentioned their religion.
it's quite sad that you just keep on mentioning that, as if you ever made mention of a religion even once. i forget, church of england? why on earth do you keep brining this up as though you think your religion is persecuted in some way? just accept your religion has dirty laundry and move on, no need to jibe people who bring it up, because it needs bringing up. just accept that people will bring it up so the world can stay vigilant and stay calm in the fact you will always have faith in these priests. i mean it's not like they deserve respect because of a title, they can still be terrible people. ehh lad?
------
no i think they should be doing what they are doing. i was arguing against your argument to " err on the side of caution " which to me sounds a lot like having a presumption in favor of the accuser. i'm not strawmanning here - there are a lot of people in this country who believe that should be a thing. " believe women " and all that - which i agree with as a concept in the sense that historically we have doubted women and that's also wrong. i just am wary of the pendulum swinging the other way to the point that they are automatically believed. particularly in a situation like this where there is something to be gained - the balance of the supreme court. we have come up with one way throughout all of human history to determine the credibility of people in situations like this but it is to have them testify live and be subject to cross - examination. both ford and kavanaugh should be subject to this process, i see no issues with that. however there is a reason we came up with " innocent until proven guilty. " because it is therefore important to * disprove * something. i am not saying that a criminal trial standard should apply here - because beyond a reasonable doubt is quite high. but " err on the side of caution " is too far in the other direction imo. something like preponderance of the evidence, or more probable than not, is more realistic and fair in my view. they also agree that ford was a credible witness and it is beyond doubt that she knew kavanaugh and the circle of friends at the time period. that deserves some weight. the problem is still corroboration. other people who should have been at her party don't remember it or don't recall her meeting there, including leland keyser, who is ford's longtime friend. she said she doesn't know kavanaugh and doesn't recall any such party. as being said, from what i have seen thus far the other accusers have some serious issues with their stories, and swetnick in particular seems to be a person who may not be credible or established. already it's been reported that her ex - boyfriend filed a similar order against her because she threatened his family. other people who have been identified as being part of the groups of people involved in these parties have no idea who she is and she was several years older than kavanaugh at the time so they wouldn't have crossed over in school. ramirez's story similarly has corroboration issues - again, multiple people who attended the party say it didn't happen. in terms of what the allegations are, you have a groping in a bedroom with ford, which i completely understand why people may not corroborate. but then you have kavanaugh openly whipping his dick out at a party in full view of everyone allegedly, and there's no corroboration. you also have swetnick's story which is that there was essentially gang rapes happening at multiple parties over and over again. again, you would think with multiple people being raped and multiple people doing the raping, and it being widely known according to her, that * someone * would corroborate this. honestly, i think the subsequent ramirez and swetnick allegations, for me, cast doubt on ford's, even though perhaps they shouldn't. i think that ford is the most credible, but the timing of the additional accusations and the big holes in those stories make it feel like a coordinated attack. i think ramirez and swetnick should also testify. but again, this is how the process works and should work. the more the stories are investigated the closer to the truth we get. i think though that people should be prepared for the possibility that we do all of that and it doesn't result in anything. i don't think there should be any type of presumption in favor of the accuser. you investigate the evidence, weigh credibility, and arrive at a conclusion. people need to be prepared for the fact that the process could go completely fairly and it wouldn't result in kavanaugh being sunk.
------
i understand what you're saying, and waiters are definitely entitled to view customers as dicks if they don't pay them extra to bring them plates of food and put water in their glasses. while within their right, i can't understand how your job goes so hard that it requires extra pay. keep in mind, all of this conversation has a context, which is that someone is asking if they're an asshole if they eat their food without tipping. you make a good argument with the " losing money they could be earning elsewhere ", so i want to look at it a bit closer. let's look at a " best case scenario " for the waiter stuck with a non - tipper : typically, you come to the restaurant, get assigned a table by the hostess. sit down, look at the menu. so far the waiter has done 0 effort ( add 10 seconds if this is a club without hostesses or busboys for seating ) total : 0 ( 10s ) you know what you want to order before the waitress comes, because this is a best case scenario. " i'll have the magic burger with fries please, with water. " a simple item, easy to carry, no frills or extra bells and whistles. total : 30s ( 20s ) bartender / waitress brings me the glass of water fairly quickly, that's another 30s total : 60s ( 70s ) burger is ready, waiter / waitress sees it on the counter and brings it, let's say they asked for this so we add another minute total : 120s ( 130s ) waiter fills water glass again, add another 30 s total : 150s ( 160s ) you're done, you get up over the counter to go pay ( or wait at your table, depends on restaurant ), waiter / waitress rings you up and prints your receipt. that's a minute, at most. total : 210s ( 170s ) now the waiter has to clean your table and prepare it for the next customers, you're a best case scenario since you piled your plate appropriately and did not make a mess. at most a minute. total : 270s ( 90s ) that's around 5 minutes. say the total was 20 dollars, and you expect 15 % tip ( what it is where i live ), you're expecting 3 extra dollars for 5 minutes of " exclusive " work, where the waiter / waitress can't help other tables. that's 36 bucks an hour. please let me know but i think i was pretty generous with my timing for a quick eat and out at a mid - level place for a simple burger meal. a 7 course dinner with fancy meals and wine etc. is a totally different story but i really don't think that op was asking for an upscale restaurant, those places cost a fortune. that aside, i don't see how i'm floundering, but thanks for a somewhat polite response. i would ask you why you think it's justified for mcdonalds workers to not expect tips, many people sit - down in the area and expect their meal to be brought to them and they leave their tables a mess to clean, often enough where it's expected behavior for the cashiers to act as waiters, except for taking orders other than in front of the register.
------
it's going to come down to differentiating between "passing out" and "blacking out" if you ask me. that is what must happen in order to determine possible perjury of any meaningful result. doesn't really matter to me at this point.
do i think senator feinstein played it dirty by withholding the letter for six weeks? yes.
do i think it's questionable that six previous background checks by the fbi failed to turn up any hint whatsoever regarding sexual misconduct? yes.
does this outweigh the fact that kavanaugh's history regarding mass surveillance/rendition is troubling? no.
do i think a very dangerous precedent is being set regarding an allegation that has so little corroboration? yes.
does this outweigh the fact that i think it's very dangerous to have an unbalanced supreme court? no.
do i think kavanaugh was evasive during his most recent testimony in regards to his drinking? yes.
do i think christine ford's testimony had questionable aspects to it? yes.
do i think roe vs wade will ever be overturned? no.
do i think the patriot act will ever be rescinded? no. maybe re-branded but no significant change.
do i think it's ironic that people on the left recently praising george w bush are now using kavanaugh's role in his administration against him? yes.
does that outweigh what kavanaugh's views on those important issues seems to be? no.
i could go round and round and round on the talking points being supplied by the corporate media, doesn't really change anything.
do i believe the intelligence agencies are ever going to respect the actual laws in place that protect a us citizen? no.
did the democrats question kavanaugh regarding his views/role during the bush administration? i don't know, so if someone can answer that, cool.
are any of the corporate media bringing up his views/role within the bush administration? not to my knowledge, but far from certain.
are we entering a period in the history of the us regarding privacy/technology that is disturbing to many people? yes.
is the supreme court going to protect us from the agencies capable of abusing their power/authority? doubtful.
could the supreme court make rulings in the future that further degrade our right to privacy while enhancing the intelligence agencies/law enforcement abilities to collect whatever information they want on any citizen? yes.
from what we see from both democrats and republicans at this time...honestly, do you think either party would condemn the intelligence agencies for mass surveillance of the general public? i don't, not to any extent that would result in prosecution/jail time for anyone.
i don't think i'll be heartbroken if kavanaugh doesn't get confirmed.
i do think both he and ford have been treated very badly. i'm guilty myself of going a little overboard.
in the end though, i'm going to have to go with the wisdom of "be true to thine own self".
i'm a conspiracy theorist...whatever that means these days. i have very little trust in our government and i think the invasion of our privacy and mass surveillance of the general public are reaching extremely dangerous levels.
kavanaugh has a documented history regarding these topics.
it's impossible for me (personally) to rectify these two things.
do i think kavanaugh has led an outstanding life in public service overall and is extremely qualified in interpreting constitutional law? yes.
do i believe he committed the act he is accused of? no.
does that change anything?
edit: let's take a "hypothetical" for a test drive.
let's assume kavanaugh "doesn't" get confirmed.
do you think fox news when considering their "public position" on intelligence agencies is ever going to bring kavanaugh on and ask him about his role in the bush administration?
do you think cnn is going to? msnbc?
do you think kavanaugh would become so bitter over not being confirmed that he would seek a public voice in the alternative media domain and be more forthcoming on what he knows about the patriot act and everything that went into its creation and the ramifications it has had?
------
hank aaron hired brian snitker in 1981 as a roving instructor. in 37 years he changed roles in the braves organization 19 times. today his underdog team clinched the nl east. 1977 - signed with milwaukee in undrafted free agent. assigned to rookie ball as a catcher. 1977 - played a - aaa ( all levels ) of braves minor league system in 85 games. 1979 - played 75 games for aa - savannah. 1980 - played 85 games for aa - savannah and a - durham. 1981 - hired by hank aaron as a roving instructor. 1982 - managed a - anderson. 1983 to 84 - managed a - durham. his assistant coach was leo mazzone. 1985 - bullpen coach for atlanta. 1986 - named a - sumter ( david justice, mark lemke ). 1987 - managed a - durham ( kent mercker ). 1988 to 90 - bullpen coach for atlanta. 1991 - coached a - macon ( chipper miller ). 1992 - managed a - jacksonville ( jason schmidt, brad clontz, tony graffanino ). 1993 to 94 - coached rk - danville ( jermaine dye, andruw jones, kevin millwood ). 1995 - coached aaa - durham ( randall simon ). 1996 - managed rk - danville ( jason marquis ). 1997 to 98 - managed a - macon ( bruce chen, odalis perez, marcus giles, horacio ramirez ). 1999 to 01 - managed al - myrtle beach ( rafael furcal, adam laroche, nick green, ryan langerhans ). 2002 to 04 - managed aa - greenville ( matt belisle, kelly johnson, adam wainright, jeff francoeur ). 2005 - managed aa - mississippi ( brian mccann, martin prado, gregor blanco ). 2006 - managed aaa - richmond ( peter moylan, brayan pena ). 2007 to 13 - third base coach for atlanta. 2014 to 16 - managed aaa - gwinnett ( mike foltynewicz, tommy lastella, mike minor, mallex smith ). 2016 - named interim manager for atlanta in mid may. 2017 - managed atlanta after retaining job despite bud black, ron washington, terry pendleton, eddie perez, and bo porter interviewing for the position. 2018 - braves players led by freddie freeman ask braves front office to retain snitker for 2018 and not seek out new manager. snitker retained. it was widely presumed new gm would seek out replacement for 2019. 2018 - projected to finish fourth in the division, braves win nl east title, the first nl team to clinch the division. since assuming role of interim manager in 2016, snitker led braves teams led mlb in comeback victories. snitker the likely nl manager of the year. numbers 41 seasons in the braves organization ( 37 as non - player ). in 4 seasons as a minor league player, played at every level ( 5 teams ). after initial hiring as an instructor, snitker would change roles in the organization 19 times. managed at every level in the minor leagues in 10 different cities. managed his first minor league team when ronald acuna sr. was 3 years old. has been under 7 different general managers since 1981. all 7 retained him.
------
> let's recap events : > > you introduced your new friend mia to your group of friends. > hank fell for mia, but sadly, it did not fall for you. > you proceeded to pretend to be ok with this in order to save the friendship, all the while secretly sabotaging any attempts for her to get close to any other men... especially those in your friends circles ( i think there was some other stuff there as well, because you glossed right over the rest ). > when she discovered this she essentially stopped being your friend and becca cut all ties. > eventually mia caved but half - heartedly made nice with you, but you guys weren't as close. > since you have longer had as much access to mia, you focused your obsessions on hank instead. > when hank / mia threatened restraining orders, ben stepped in that let you know how far you crossed the line. > you then petulantly proceeded to pick a fight with ben about some random meaningless bullshit and thus burnt your only remaining bridge. you are really reaching with all of this. yes, i introduced mia to my group of friends and yes i had feelings for her but she did not return them. i wasn't pretending to be okay with that to save the friendship, i was okay with that. i did not secretly set me to sabotage any attempts for her to get close to any other men, i would've been extremely happy for her if she met a guy she really liked. with hank, i only told her actual facts when she mentioned them and i first warned her about tom before he took an interest. the only fact i told her by the way, was the one about his " game of questions " and it was after she texted me about it. either way, her religious beliefs such as waiting until marriage made everyone within my group a mood breaker which tom agreed with me on. she didn't discover anything. she had a need for validation that spikes when she is stressed. she worried about my feelings despite me always saying i was just going to get over them and she turned to her friends who took one sided information and jumped to conclusions just like you have been doing. numerous times i was on the receiving end of that need for her when something regarding her roommate stressed her out but i could actually mitigate those concerns and calm her down. when you say she " cut ties " before made nice with me is not at all what happened. we took 2 weeks of agreed upon space while she went home because of how stressed she was and the fact that i had become apart of that thanks to her friends and her not communicating with me her concerns about my now past feelings. after that trip, we talked and the first thing she said was that she should've spoken up sooner. we also agreed that maybe we became close friends too quickly. the reason we stopped talking for two more weeks is because i pointed out that before the feelings she invited herself over to my house but afterwards any notion of getting together to watch a movie or tv show was dismissed. it was something that hurt but i understood why and it was something that made her feel analyzed and judged. we ended out call with potential plans the next week and her saying she would still let me know about them. she never did and i was left wondering why i was getting the silent treatment for two weeks until i finally reached out to ask what was going on. that is when we worked our shit out and went back to being friends again. as i said in my other comment, things were normal between us again. we still hung out and i was even the person she called when she got locked out which led to a really nice night that showed she trusted me again when she opened up about some health issues she was dealing with. i never asked about it besides noting a cotton ball on her arm when i first picked her up to which she said she would tell me later and there she was talking to me about her period an hour later without being asked about what was going on. everything else you said is pure fiction.
------
i've aimed to get myself up there on a stage with a representative for the apology community since about 2012. i was seeing hitchens, harris, dawkins and others on youtube making valid points against apologists in packed auditoriums and debate forums, and i wanted in. when i tried my hand at discussion and debate with the dozens of active and passionate believers in christ at my (then) naval command, it took me half a dozen or so exchanges to realize i was parroting them to the sentence. i didn't have a single original point outside the opinion that it felt reeeeally made it up to justify being on the side i was on. i was quoting these guys and standing on their word, and pointing out that the arguments for biblical reality sounded weak when you said them out loud.
i went to work internally, spent a good few years reading the bible, and return to pitch this to you folks: the bible is underwhelming on a 'disproving the whole thing' level in my opinion.
if this is literally the cultural chronicle of the hebrews, then it makes sense. it's the record of their shot at explanation and their own generations' version of who was in charge. it really reads like scholars chose 'creating our origins' as their daily chore (as opposed to other options 5000 years ago) long after the point when people innovated from hardcore survival into walled cities, water and food supply sustainment, clothing capability, language and writing. then, compare its merit with all the other civilizations and their respective records. makes sense. makes sense how the story plays out from start to finish in what the current canon stands as in abrahamic faith.
this book says nothing at all about the rest of the world.. at.. all. it describes a basic shot at cosmic creation, and then goes on to graphically describe the geohraphic piece of the world that the hebrews came up and existed in, and that's it.
if you open to genesis, which is the foundation to every single chapter and verse in the story, you at most get to the 4th chapter before the reality is blown. here, we've covered every. single. event. since the world was created and all the events during humanity's time in it. there are 4 people on earth. then, once one kills the population down the 3, the 3rd is marked by god to denote the penalty of killing him in revenge. he flees to the east.. where a wife and the rest of an entire population of people are waiting for him to join. game over. you wrote this from a human point of view, with no guidance from whatever the 'cosmic programmer' could ever shake out to be. no one can use this book to explain reality, which at its heart is the biblical apology runs on.
i don't mic drop because i'm not a fuckboy. in real life you don't rattle off a cool 3 minute monalogue and cut to the next scene. discussions for the purpose of offering opinions and viewpoints on the subject are long. having them in punlic and in the media can and has been the equivalent of a career for plenty of people. that's not my goal, but if you aren't already unloading on me for being an annoying, unoriginal or boring douche, i'm game to add at least one internet and live forum debate personality to the ranks.
thanks for your time.
------
i'm glad i can help! usually i say too much and people hate me/think i'm too confrontational/too loud (although i'm very quiet usually, just when there's an discussion i love to argue...)/too something else entirely.
so a few points: i don't dress to manipulate, i just dress in a way that makes me feel good/nice/sexy, depends on how i'm feeling really.
the sex aversion... in my experience, it's one of two things: it could be depression or it could be that you don't think your partner is attractive any more/never has been/whatever. in the time you've been together, you've seen more of him than you like, and you're not attracted any more but still feel obligated to have sex because you're his girlfriend after all. this might be true, or might not, but maybe think on it. the way you're talking about yourself and your sexual issues (by that i include 'sexy dressing' issues) sound very familiar to me and scream that something about your relationship with your boyfriend is not right. do you still love him? do you love him but don't find him sexy/attractive? is that why you hate him thinking you're sexy/desirable (because it implies he wants you, which you might not want any more, and that makes you feel 'wrong'?
as for the news and 'it happens more often/with more severe consequences to women' that might or might not be true. there's also male rape, and a lot of young boys often fall prey to older men as well, which makes them grow up 'wrong' (as in, they will feel ashamed and what not, just like girls, probably all their lives). does it happen more often to women? i don't know. it could be, but then again, it could not. does it happen because of how women dress ('she dressed in this mini skirt so she definitely wanted it!!')? i don't know either, but i doubt it. i firmly believe the dress code comes after a predator has made up his mind to assault someone. and in that case, it does not matter if you're wearing feminine clothes or plain clothes. think about pedophiles for example, i doubt they care what the child is wearing when they make up their minds to assault him or her.
as for 'i don't know why i feel the need to conceal my body': i do think this has to do with your relationship to your boyfriend. i don't know why, but it seems connected, that's all. you talk a lot about feeling like you have to be someone/dress like someone to be accepted, and i guess the person who you want to be accepted by is likely a guy, and likely your boyfriend. however, this comes not from what he wants, but what you think you must do so he will love you, which he probably already does, but which you do not/no longer want. it's a contradiction, yes, but a lot of people feel this way, myself included.
also, no one is making you dress this way and even if i can't deny that there is a patriarchy, i doubt anyone thinks this way. there are the sleazebags, who will think 'oh yeah damn show us dat ass gurl', who are immature and really shouldn't be relevant for you if otherwise you want to look pretty. and then there's the guys who'll have a quick look, smile because they think you're sexy (which is a nice thing!), and move on with their lives. this latter one is the equivalent of you looking at a hot guy's ass. i don't think any of them think 'gotcha, etc.', and if they do, you really really shouldn't care. the ones that do are sleazebags, and you don't need to care about those guys' opinion.
again back to the sex aversion...
i've already said what i think, so no more of that, but truly, do try to consider it yourself. could it be a man in your life now who makes you feel this way? do you feel guilty because you don't want his attention when you should want it because he's your so? has there been a man before who treated you badly?
also, stop watching the news on sexual abuse. it gets you nowhere expect hatred of men/yourself, apparently. i am the same, that's why i don't watch any news at all. these issues really get to me, but i know i can't do anything about it, and maybe that's putting my head in the sand, but i have a lot of mental health issues to deal with already and don't need any more really.
ps: (last part of this text-wall, i swear it!) i love red hair! i'm objectifying you and i haven't even seen you. so please, take that as a compliment from another woman, and just consider staring men the same. they're paying you a compliment. they're not laughing patriarchially at you, they just enjoy seeing pretty women dress prettily. at least the sensible ones do (90% of the men), and on the other 10% you don't have to waste a single thought!
------
spoilers here - you've been warned.
i'm not saying i especially liked the book. but, i never read it in high school or college, and in my 30s i just sort of randomly decided to read it and see what the fuss was about this "dark romance". i'd heard there were ghosts in it and stuff, so sounded interesting. charlotte's forward about it is interesting, basically saying the book was so scandalous for it's time, she even edited out some things from her sister's book because they were so shocking. so, ok, i have to see what this is about.
and frankly, what keeps me interested in it is that my reading and interpretation of the book doesn't seem like it has anything in common with the normal things you hear about the book. where's the love story or romance? nowhere. there is no love story. there's certainly no romance.
instead, it's this weird story about an aristocrat who seems to want to do right by, well, a little black boy, if you will. not that heathcliff is black, but he is basically described that way, as if he's another race than the white english people. he's dark skinned. seems to be considered not fully human by many in the book.
he's taken in by this aristocratic land-owning man who has a daughter and son who are your typical rich brats i guess. and everyone then treats heathcliff like utter shit, except the man who brought him, but he's kind of clueless and he dies anyway, and heathcliff is left to grow up amongst all these people who just dump on him utterly.
so then he grows up and gets revenge. and not just on them, but on their descendants too. the end.
so now what do i get out of that? this was written around 1850 or so? by a woman who never married, basically who lived as a recluse in the home she grew up in, but she had two sisters who were hugely successful writers, who went out into the world and succeeded brilliantly.
and she wanted nothing to do with it. she wrote one book. *wuthering heights* and then basically was done. what was she trying to say??? was she making social commentary about the caste system of england? about the way the land-owning class behaved? was she saying that the poor class were sub-human (as heathcliff is more or less portrayed)? is she saying they're all shit? i kind of thing she's saying y'all suck, y'all are subhuman and here's what i think of you, and now leave me alone.
the book wasn't really very entertaining. everyone acts horrible, and then it ends. but that image of this woman who chooses to stay out of the world, and writing this one single book about that world and then going away, that stays with me.
------
first and foremost i've never said cheating isn't wrong. what's wrong is dropping the hammer on one kid while letting others off with a wrist slap. this happens all the time because the only thing that exceeds the pomposity of academics is the need for universities to make nice with connected people or those that can bring money to the school. i wish we lived in a world where this wasn't the case, but we don't.
the first link has everything to do with the argument, that being that universities view and punish cheating very differently depending on who's doing it. the fact that a large "respectable" university like unc set up an entire fake degree track only for their athletes speaks to that point. [here's ](<url>) a link to their bullshit honor code policy that was fully in place over the decade plus of the university endorsing an official cheating program for their "chosen few". that's the problem they don't treat people the same, often have an opaque kangaroo court making punishment determinations, and who you are can have an outsized influence on the manner in which your treated by a university of accused or guilty of cheating. this disparity in treatment is the case, it would not be dismissed. in op's case the reduction in gpa to 1.0 was an overreach
you have a lot to learn about the legal system if you think money is the objective of all lawsuits. first, in the sdsu case what the plaintiff won was the removal of an expulsion for cheating from his academic record. it cannot be understated how much something like that can impact your future and getting it removed is it's own goal. second, due to the bullshit secrecy of determinations of guilt and punishments at universities the only way to access the information is through legal discovery. you have to file a lawsuit to compel discovery and for that you need a lawyer.
your faith in institutions is misplaced. i'm done attending any kind of university but nothing has changed since i was enrolled and has gotten much worse with technology. in my graduate program there was rampant cheating by the chinese/indian students, not undercover shit either literally shouting answers across the room during a test, but they're a cash cow for the university so nothing happened. i spoke with the dean of the college and still nothing happened. universities first and foremost are rackets, only the money matters.
my advice to anyone who ever finds themselves in any kind of trouble (whether they did it or not) is to not answer questions, admit nothing, and lawyer up. you will almost certainly receive a lesser punishment for the same offense while mitigating the long term damage from the incident. attorneys provide dispassionate advice and work that will be 10x better than what you can achieve by throwing yourself on the mercy of any institution.
------
it was the most crooked election in history tbh.. both sides.. to a point its was obvious to anyone who isn't completely brainwashed by polarizing politics.
trump and hillary media coverage constant the entire time like no one else was evening running.
hillary (a women) debating sanders.. both democrats.. and every single debate was up against football be it on a sunday or thursday night.
aka not many ppl outside of lifer democrats are gonna go out of their way to watch it.. any undecided.. independent voters were isolated many ways from those debates that sanders generally won..
dnc leaks / whatshername schultz fiascos made it clear the fix was in for hillary.. sanders wasn't given a fair shot at all by his "own" party who he himself knows is so fucked he only loosely associates himself with them..
all trump had to do was hold the media captive and that's what he does best.
he can scream fake news till he's blue in the face but without cnn etc he wouldn't have been elected.
then you have trump basically tanking the whole time.
i'm sitting watching all this shit like.. this can't be fucking real.
from the pussy grabbing porn star fucking stuff..
to his wife basically reciting michelle obamas speech line for line..
i thought for sure that trump didn't want to be president and was trying to fuck up as many ways as he could and it's like anything he done good or bad just increased his popularity..
honestly i dont see how anyone can look back on all that happened and not see how fucked up it all is..
for the record i am neither left nor right.. democrat nor republican..
i hate all politicians equally because they are mainly all vampires that live off the backs of the evaporating middle class.
sanders being one of the few that doesn't and the climate being the way it was he probably would have won had he beat hillary.. but he was cheated out of a presidency for many reasons.
the benefit of the middle class being the main one..
when i see democrats bitching about trump i'll often say how the fuck can you complain and still associate yourself with that party..
the dnc is more so responsible for trump winning the election than the republicans imo.
they cheated for a candidate with a proven track record of being unelectable. they figured since she would be against trump it might be the only chance she had of actually winning.. wrong again. there on fault.
its all a shit show point blank period.. still is..
anyone that has any faith in the government period needs to wake the fuck up.. trump might appear to be an outsider but he has been close to the clinton family and others for years.. he is not a even a republican historically and fell into a gap where entertainment personalities appeal to stupid poor folks. sorry if it offends but the truth hurts.
all this shit is fake af.
and most of you all are still asleep.. worse than that you think you know secret truths because you been lead in that direction by the puppet masters so you are comfortable in your blindness.
------
last month i wrote [a post](<url>) about hall of fame voting which talked about the economic realities of being a professional magic player. in it i mentioned how a lot of the polemics surrounding the hof debate had to do with economics. while the top half dozen or so players can expect to make between <cur>30k-<cur>40k a year, other players like brian-braun duin hope to at best break even playing competitively. the rest, beyond players of bbd's caliber, are largely losing players. then there is the aspect of their future after magic, which is often not promising. i sourced information on all of these points in that article and interested parties are welcome to take a look.
today i just wanted to write a few words about gerry thompson's protest. his six points are important and worth reading, but i'd just like to focus on his first point here:
>wizards of the coast (wotc) does not pay professional players a living wage. this, in and of itself, is not a requirement. however, if the goal is to sell the dream of playing on the pro tour, there should be something in place to make that worth achieving. between qualifying becoming more and more difficult, especially with the goal posts continually changing, and the lack of reward at the top, the message currently being sent is "don't waste your time."
if it's been well documented that the best of the best struggle to make entry level pay, how does that compare with other esports? dota2's annual tournament have given roughly <cur>25 million dollars these past two years. greats in the game make hundreds of thousands of dollars annually. for example, kuro takhasomi, one of the most successful players made the following between 2013 and today:
2018 - <cur>616,150.40
2017 - <cur>2,436,772.40
2016 - <cur>362,813.20
2015 - <cur>333,892.82
2014 - <cur>189,893.70
2013 - <cur>156,582.29
ok, but that's dota, what about hearthstone which is probably a better analogy for magic? while the total prize payouts are smaller, 28 people have already made over <cur>100,000 dollars playing hearthstone ([source](<url>)). here are the top ten:
1. wei lin chen - <cur>343,121.67 (in 19 tournaments)
2. pavel beltiukov - <cur>337,048.00 (in 26 tournaments)
3. zhou bin - <cur>296,734.75 (in 15 tournaments)
4. xhope - <cur>280,063.18 (in 13 tournaments)
5. frank zhang - <cur>243,032.26 (in 20 tournaments)
6. jon westberg - <cur>240,995.38 (in 45 tournaments)
7. kim jung soo - <cur>231,781.57 (in 17 tournaments)
8. james kostesich - <cur>230,053.10 (in 35 tournaments)
9. aleksandr malsh - <cur>225,429.96 (in 46 tournaments)
10. artem kravets - <cur>210,416.67 (in 8 tournaments)
this doesn't include other opportunities hearthstone players have to make money, like streaming and are already impressive figures for a game released in 2014.
now compare that with top magic players. first the list of tournament earnings as tracked by [sveinung bjornerud](<url>):
1. paulo vitor damo da rosa - <cur>497,785
2. jon finkel - <cur>461,884
3. shuhei nakamura - <cur>411,150
4. yuuya watanabe - <cur>400,525
5. shota yasooka - <cur>391,615
6. william jensen - <cur>387,595
7. kai budde - <cur>384,220
8. gabriel nassif - <cur>369,710
9. luis scott-vargas - <cur>360,380
10. owen turtenwald - <cur>345,570
([source](<url>))
on their face these are very impressive figures and we've probably seen most of them if we've watched a pro tour. it might seem like magic players are making a lot more than hearthstone players until you take into account the length of these players careers and the number of events they have played. let's just look at total pts played and when they began playing professionally.
1. paulo vitor damo da rosa - 54 pts played, debut worlds 2003
2. jon finkel - 83 pts played, debut worlds 1996
3. shuhei nakamura - 64 pts played, debut pro tour san diego 2001-02
4. yuuya watanabe - 45 pts played, debut pro tour yokohama 2007
5. shota yasooka - 56 pts played, debut pro tour barcelona 2001
6. william jensen - 55 pts played, debut pro tour rome 1999
7. kai budde - 58 pts played, debut pro tour-mainz 1997
8. gabriel nassif - 75 pts played, debut pro tour-chicago 2000-01
9. luis scott-vargas - 49 pts played, debut pro tour san diego 2004
10. owen turtenwald - 39 pts played, debut pro tour valencia 2007
so, we can see that even if a player made <cur>500,000 in 15 years played professionally, a truly impressive feat, that still is just <cur>33,333 annually. yuuya is the player who came closest to meeting <cur>40k annually, but still falls short. this also doesn't count the number of gps these players played in, which, again comes at a loss for even the best of players (see my last article for sources) or the costs of traveling and procuring cards.
it also doesn't count things like streaming, but it's hard for professional players to do this successfully in magic when compared with other games. realistically, a small handful of players can expect to make between <cur>30k and <cur>40k a year if they are both excellent and get lucky for a limited amount of time. then they'll need to move on to another occupation. pv discussed this recently on his podcast, how he needs to have an exit strategy from magic and can only continue this lifestyle today thanks to ventures like spikesacademy ([source](<url>)). we know that finkel and kai both retired from the grind at their peaks at a point when they had an incredible edge against the field. it just wasn't worth their time, or sustainable.
does this mean that the message from wotc is simply *"don't waste your time"* as gerry said? is that different from other esports? i think it probably is different when compared to hearthstone or other top games and that realistically there isn't enough earning potential in magic to justify doing it professionally. even for people with an extraordinary love of the game. it just takes too long to move from being a losing player to a breakeven player (someone of bbd's caliber.) and it's not realistic to think you can overtake the players on the above list for the chance at earning tens of thousands of dollars each year, which is why gerry and others are calling the dream dead.
will gerry's protest force wotc to make changes? it's hard to tell, but i'd love to dialogue about it in the comments.
------
for those who don't know here's a short summary: riot games, the creators of league of legends, had a panel had pax west. they held a gender-segregated event where it was women only. when questioned further they explain it was specifically to exclude men from the event. obviously, this led to a lot of online debate about it. now, the conversation has somehow managed to turn into men being the bad guys, as usual. because the vast majority of players not liking sexism is bad for some reason because men aren't the correct gender. anyway, the employees there called the complainers manbabies and many of the rioters on twitter have been actively insulting their fans. you can read more here:
<url>
and here
<url>
but as for myself, i'd like to take a moment to sit down, write how i'm feeling and just let it all out. because honestly, to me, a player of 7+ years of league of legends, a guy who has spent over 500<cur> on the game and had fond memories of it, this was the last straw of my sanity.
i guess it's been a long time coming. for the last 4 years, probably around the time gamergate started, i've felt like i've been taking crazy pills. the truth has been irrelevant for a long time.
active collusion of journalist and feminists to vilify men and gamers was proven, but the lie traveled all across the world before the truth even had a chance to know the race had started.
i say it started with gamergate, but in reality it started with university. female only scholarships. feminist literature. gender critical children's literature classes... in, well let's just call it a bachelor's degree which was completely unrelated to those.
it really raised my eyebrows. then, i met many feminists in school and that's how i was made aware of the mrm and mras in general. of course it started with the whole ''mras are women hating sexists" but that notions was quickly dispelled after i spent less than an afternoon looking at the speakers and the general literature encouraged here and in other circles. to call girlwriteswhat a women hating sexist would be incredibly dumb.
then, when gamergate happened after months of anita sarkeesian lying about me, my fellow gamers/men and my favorite hobby, i became more politically involved. i started learning as much as i could.
then they came for my other hobbies. magic the gathering. tabletops. movies. name it, they called me a sexist for liking it and not moving out of the way of diversity.
4 years of this bullshit. for those of you who follow what sjw and online feminists do, you'll probably have a good idea of what i'm talking about with all the things i've mentioned.
after 4 years i thought i had seen it all, that nothing phased me anymore. it was probably just a front to hide how much i was becoming affected by this shit.
i found some refuge with the mrm a while back, maybe 2-3 years ago. but then through time i grew more distant. it felt like nothing i did mattered, and i hated getting associated with incels, red-pill, mgtow, etc.
but now, i can't even say i don't understand those guys. were it not for my incredible so, i'd definitely be feeling like relationships are not worth it and that everything is rigged.
anyway, i'm rambling. today i just broke down because of this fucking story. the sad thing is, i felt like crying and i just couldn't. not because "muh patriarchy" or anything like that. i can cry, that's not the problem. i couldn't because of how impersonal it is. it's not directed at me personally. it's a net. everyday there's a new net and a new fucking weight over me. it's not dragging me down personally, but i always feel it. i'm the only acceptable target demographic of harassment left and everyday they find a new way to blame me for something i didn't do.
not for my ideology. not for my political leanings (though they don't shy away obviously). not for my religion or lackthereof. not for my hobbies.
no, they blame me for who and what i am because of people i've never met who did things they would have done too and upon which i have never had any control.
and when i stand up and say *stop it*, they laugh. male tears. reverse sexism. toxic masculinity. white fragility. etc. you've all heard them already.
the comments on riot's account made that pretty fucking clear. if i'm the victim of exclusionary sexism, then i need to shut the fuck up and sit down because my superiors are talking. if i want to work hard and become a part of a company, then that's sexism and i need to move out of the way.
but if i move out of the way, i'm an incel loser who hates probably hates women and who is weird because i'm not married with kids yet supporting 2 people on one paycheck.
all the expectations. none of the respect. none of the humanity. i've been reduced to an object of hate and for the last 4 years they've been beating me non-stop.
now, even if i have a tendency to get into the melodramatics, i'm not suicidal or depressed. i see the world as it's been shown to me and as i've been seeing it ever since the first inconsistent double-standard irked me. the current world dynamics are fucked and it honestly feels like i'm taking crazy pills. i don't know what to do about it.
i doubt anything can be done at this point. the truth doesn't matter and the further along we go, the worse things will get. though i dread to imagine how things can become worse than accusation = life ruined.
i thank you for reading my ramblings up to this point. i hope i at least sounded semi-logical. there's so much i want to address. so many things i'd like to talk about, yet find myself unable to, and eventually, you just realise there's only so many hours in the day and you still have to go to work.
you dredge on and on until one day a woman is envious of your position and you get accused of something you never did and then they find you hanged yourself.
thankfully, i'm well surrounded. i've got an awesome gf who loves me and i love her dearly. i've got a great family. i can't imagine going through this shit alone.
people wonder why incels, mgtows or red-pillers are a thing, yet they never stop to wonder what made them this way. it's always the men's fault. it's always the patriarchy.
/rambling over.
------
> every terran has experienced having a hotkey selected, like your barracks and then attempting to click on a different building and click lift, but you missclick and end up canceling your stim. it doesn't happen often but it does happen, and it doesn't come down to being daft.
and every protoss has experienced just barely misplacing the forcefield on the ramp only to allow a flood of units to swoop in.
this doesn't make them daft, either, but you see how it's still their fault.
unless you want an "auto-fixate" function for forcefields on ramps just to prevent that kind of catastrophe from happening, too?
> comparing it too warp prism is also a bit unfair since you usually just decided to warp in, while an upgrade might have started 100 seconds ago thus making the accident much more problematic.
the principle is the exact same. the analogy was meant to depict precisely that: not to say that the warp prism one is worse than the stimpack one, or even as bad.
> you are also much less likely to need to lift of barracks during research.
sure, but in the instance that you are, the last thing you want is to be cockblocked by a "you must cancel the upgrade first," when intuitively it would make sense for the building not doing anything to be able to lift off regardless.
> that only ever happens if there is a basetrade while you are still making stim or cs
or you're researching conc shells on a proxy rax and they discover it and start shooting at it. mays well fly away now than wait for nothing to happen.
> you are much more likely to lift off by mistake than intentionally, like i mentioned previously.
if you're more likely to lift off by mistake than on purpose, that's your fault, and you should rebind the key to lift.
if you're too impatient to wait until you *know* the upgrade is done rather than trying to time it perfectly and muck up before you switch add-ons, that is again your fault, and you shouldn't play such a daft risk-reward game in the future (because like you said, this is a 100+ second loss you're taking just to save half a second).
> but i think you are being disingenuous with your argument here, the scenarios are not comparable.
yes, they are.
driving a bus is not the same as driving a car, but you can see how the principles are extremely similar, and where they align.
cancelling warp-ins on a warp prism and cancelling upgrades on a tech lab because you decided to disengage the warp prism or the production building is the exact same principle. one is worse than the other, sure, but that doesn't change the fact that in both situations you're looking at the player's control being the problem, not the game design itself.
it's really that simple, i reckon.
------
> that's only because god decided to make people mortal, for some reason. if can't make effective use of the time he's got, he can simply splice in some dna from turritopsis nutricula or something. this is a problem that's irrelevant with omnipotence.
> in our world, that's true, because of the heat death of the universe. in a world where god exists, that's not necessarily true. he could introduce more energy into the universe to extend its lifespan, or make new universes as needed.
this is related to what i said in my original comment. i think its a reasonable possibility that our mortality (as it is) could be a mercy when you take into account sin. this could also apply to the universe. if we're working the assumption of a universe where the god described in the bible exists, then its safe to assume that universe won't make it to heat death without undergoing a radical change.
> there are infinite possible worlds. for any world you can conceive of, i can always conceive of one slightly different.
that is incorrect. there is definitely a finite number of possible worlds. first, if you look to current physics, (i can't remember if this is many worlds or string theory that this estimate is ascribed to) there's an estimate that the number of possible universes in the multiverse is something like 10^500(ish). second, you're conflating what would be a massively large number (effectivly uncountable for us) with infinity.
imagine it this way: take a newborn baby. this person has at any given instance of their life, a multitude of ways in which events can go for them. what are the number of possible events that can transpire within the first second of its life? is it a finite number, or is it infinite (if infinite, you need to defend that). what about the second second? continue that out to the rest of its life. unless you can find a situation where an actual infinite number of possible outcomes exists, then there's only a finite number of possible ways that world could exist. you can extrapolate that to every human that's ever lived, every way a rock can fall from a mountain, every way a star can collapse. there's only a finite number of ways those events can happen due to the laws of physics. when you combine all these finite combinations, you'll get a finite number.
also, when talking about god directing human history, how a star in the sombrero galaxy forms is probably not going to have much impact on human history, so he can probably ignore most variables that lie outside of at least our solar system (unless he plans human history to involve interstellar distances).
> well, he already is, if the bible is to be believed, so apparently he figured it out.
like i said, it is not trivial. i did not say he wasn't doing it.
> they don't need to be under his direct control. if he notices someone would do something that interferes with the plan, just don't make that person. if not making that person messes with the rest of the plan, replace her with a cunningly disguised angel.
> just make this world, but replace anyone who wouldn't freely choose to believe with a preprogrammed robot (or spirit, or whatever) that behaves exactly as the person they are replacing would.
i left both of these last because they seem to go together and are very interesting. i cannot just disgard them or refute them as the argument is similar to the "problem of other minds". i would reject the idea of angels taking the place of any potential unbeliever. we generally take angels to be creatures morally superior to us and i don't think that a creature like that would be okay with taking hitler's place or one of the guards at auschwitz. also, god was okay with an angel doing this, i don't see how he could hold the human in their place culpable for the same action. (maybe because of intention, but that seems very unsatisfying) however, there's no way i can prove that any person is not a perfectly disguised robot.
after thinking about this for a bit, i have two thoughts about this:
1) i'm a very naturalistic christian (very close to deist). i don't believe that many miracles have ever happened or are happening, at least not in the way most religious people view miracles. for example, if the plagues of exodus happened as described in the bible, i would assume it was not as spectacular as usually depicted and were the result of god carefully timing natural events. i tend to assume that god has very little interaction with the physical world. if he created the universe and is trying to drive it towards a goal, why would he have created a set of laws that he constantly has to disrupt in order to accomplish his goals? wouldn't he have simply set up a universe with inintial conditions to accomplish his goals? so maybe he desired to have a world where human history could unfold "naturally" without any deceptive intervention from himself (i.e. disgusing unbelievers with robots).
2) the second thought is much more radical and not one that i really take seriously. i suppose it is possible that you're right and god has "replaced" any potential free agent who would not freely believe in him with "robots". one of the most common objections to christianity is hell and especially the notion of god sending people who've never heard of the bible or jesus there. that last bit is especially difficult and problematic for me even if hell is a place of our own making (as i described in my original comment). this would be a fairly succinct solution to those objections though. any person who freely chooses believes in god is a "non-robot" and anyone person who does not is a "robot". if you believe that you're not a robot and are conscious, that simply means that you will believe in god in the future. i don't think that argument can really be refuted or proved (like proving other minds exist in general) but ultimately, its very disturbing and doesn't really provide any useful answers.
------
as the other person, a lot of these can't be answered precise, but you can google submarine specs to get what is publicly know. what do submarines do? mostly they either watch ( or listen ) for other things, recon and observations. for the depths, submarines have a few of them. actually numbers are classified, but your generally talking hundreds of feet. a sub experiences millions of pressure every 30 ft it descends, so 300 ft would be 144psi. the furthest a human has ever gone down bare earth is 1000 ft, at 465 psi. his strongest bones break at 1700 psi, so a human sinking that far down turns to mush. design depth, test depth, and crush depth are different classifications of depths for the subs. design depth is how deep a sub can go depended on how it was made, this is the most common of numbers. test depth is normally 2 / 3 of design, and is considered the safest to go down. crush depth is obviously when a submarine will die. these numbers are usually calculated and rarely tested. ww2 german u boats had a crush depth or 700 - 900 ft, so you can imagine that newer boats have better numbers. subs can fight each other, weapons have gotten smarter and so have the torpedoes. this isn't really a thing that's done, most subs will normally find and track down each other in war games, but torpedoes are bad enough to kill anything, from a sub to an aircraft carrier. the adcap torpedo is the most commonly used weapon in the western world. you can google it to find out more. for the number of ships, a standard deployment is about 120 people. the reason for so many is due to the need of having constant, 24 / 7 watch rotations. the submarine is always operating, so someone always has to be awake to watch it. submarines operate on an 6 hour loop, so every 6 hours someone new is coming onto a watch station. i believe going to 8 hour rotations is a new thing. but the point is, at any given time some 20 odd people have to be on constant watch, with everyone else doing other things at the same time. i can't really talk to ulf. what's some new research in underwater comms that some college just released, might be called a good read. as for vr, i don't know of or plans to implement those kinds of things . sailors do get off hours, and in those times they can play games or ready books. space would be the biggest issue to implmenting true vr, a heads up display might be the closet anyone could get. entertainment is usually up to personal preference. the boat will generally supply a movie system and a library of movies to watch, maybe some gaming consoles and a library of books, but specific entertainment is up to the individual. a lot of game boys are often brought on board. anything else i can generally answer, let me know. most everything i googled up before writing, so it's definately out there, just gotta know where to look.
------
well, should read the rest of that comment i copy and pasted, and here's some more > the amazing spider - man clocks in at a considerable 142 minutes in length, which isn't exactly uncommon in comic book sequels : just look at the dark beast'in 152 minutes or the winter soldier's 136 minutes. sequels generally aim to be larger in scope and boast more ambitious set - pieces, and it seems certain true of spidey's latest effort, though much like sam raimi's spider - man 3, it also ends ups feeling bloated and attempting to cram in more than it can reasonably engage with in a compelling manner. there are two main villains in the movie and a tertiary one sitting in the periphery, and webb simply spends an inordinate amount of time establishing the origin stories for both electro and green goblin, all while the movie floods awash with so many cumbersome subplots and pointless dialogues that it quickly begins to lose focus. the real beating heart of the movie is peter's relationship with gwen stacy, but with numerous needless interjections of goofy humour and talky asides, this central point begins to become lost among the bloat. > despite being one of spider - man's go - to comic book villains, electro ends up having a strangely meek treatment here, and even an actor of jamie foxx's caliber can't do much against the tide of effects - driven performance and bad writing. the major issue with the character is that his motivation to become a hero is so hilariously awful : as max dillon, he walks up to spidey and appears to deeply value an encounter in which the web - slinger saved him. thus, when he turns into electro after an improbable accident involving electric eels, he snaps at spidey just for forgetting his name. after that, he claims that he's going to cut the power to new york to make the city's citizens feel just as he did when he worked at oscorp : powerless. it might just be tough - guy rherotic, but it's unconvincing at best and goofy at worst, making even the frustratingly ever - sympathetic villains of 2010's spider - man movies favourable to this nonsense. his final showdown with spidey is easily the character's highlight, though when he eventually loses to spidey and disappears into the woods, we feel absolutely nothing. > one of the most surprising issues about the amazing spider - man 2 is that there's not really all that much action in it. in a near - two - and - a - half - hour blockbuster epic, marc webb doesn't find all that much room for set - pieces, clearly far more invested in the dramatic aspects of the narrative. after an opening sequence in which spidey takes on rhino briefly, it's a head - scratchingly long time before he faces off against electro and the movie picks up momentum again. then there's not really a lot of major action again until the ( admittedly rather good and lengthy ) finale. perhaps we've all been spoiled recently with the raid 2's all - you - can - eat buffet of action, but for such a long movie to feature so little of spidey taking care of business makes it feel like audiences were rather short - changed. > one of the major necessities for these movies to work is that the cgi be convincing enough for audiences to lose themselves in the spectacle. here it's a bit of a mixed bag, because though the film has plenty of visually stunning moments, some of the effects don't quite seem up to standard, as though a tight deadline denied them perfection. the main problem is the quality of the physics : spider - man too often seems weightless when he's flying or being hurled around by his various foes, and during busy action scenes the animation seems quite jerky and stilted. this has been a problem with the spider - man series before : spider - man 3 suffered from extremely blurry, difficult to comprehend action scenes due to an over - reliance on unconvincing cgi, but at least here it's only an occasional issue, and spidey's stand - offs with electro and rhino, with their lack of intricate, direct combat, are for the most part much easier on the eyes. > despite this movie costing an insane < cur > 200 million, there are long stretches of time throughout this movie in which spidey is nowhere to be seen, instead relying on the affability of andrew garfield as peter parker to see us through. sfx's review of the movie put it perfectly : " must drain the budget, which is probably one of the reasons why the costumed crimefighter disappears for a good chunk of the movie halfway in! " as with the aforementioned lack of action, there are long stretches of the movie where spidey is nowhere to be seen and webb indulges peter's drama just a little too much. trimming away just a few of these scenes would lighten the load considerably, and make getting through the film feel less of a chore, as spider - man's presence would feel a little more balanced compared to the over - use of peter. that's not to put garfield down at all : he does a fine job as peter parker, but there are only so many scenes one can stomach where he stares doe - eyed at gwen stacy, or has a serious conversation with aunt may. > to both webb's credit and fault, he really does try with the character work in the amazing spider - man 2. the central point is the peter - gwen relationship, and despite the excellent chemistry between real - life couple garfield and stone, a major issue with it here is that it's so stilted and on - off, making it difficult to become emotionally invested, at least until the green goblin shows up and takes gwen hostage. peppering this relationship drama between all the comedy and action does also create a bizarre tone, as the movie appears to want to be so much yet is not really any of it totally successfully.
------
i feel we need a guide explaining the clash between science and religion. religion often claims to be persecuted, and it's not true. so i want to unpack this.
for this it's important to understand what we actually mean by science as we usually already know what religion means.
science - a process to find out true answers. science isn't technology. technology is a result of science. science describes the process of figuring out how stuff works and what's real.
now, the guide explaining the clash and what it really means:
science: cares about a pathway to truth.
religion: cares about a pathway to belief.
how we know: ask a scientist "if a god was real, would you want to know?" the answer without hesitation is "yes".
ask a religious person "if your god wasn't real, would you want to know?" and you get a beat around the bush answer where they are uncomfortable outright saying "no" but know it's an illogical answer.
these are the results i've gotten almost every time when i ask this question to religious people.
science: has no agenda against religion. it only cares about the true answer. so far, there's no reason to believe there's any gods. if we suddenly find a reason to believe and it turns out there is, science would immediately change where it's aligned.
religion: has an agenda for it's own belief. it doesn't care what the reality is. it only cares about whether the result is the one it wants. if science were to suddenly say "turns out there is a god, here's how we know" religion would be broadcasting that everywhere. religion doesn't want a way to figure out the truth. it just wants the truth to be what it wants it to be and will only accept it if it aligns with what it thinks.
this creates a clash where science doesn't attack religion. but where religion attacks science. so science defends itself.
science says: "here is what we know, and how. let's build on this to actually improve life". it never mentions religion because it wasn't relevent.
religion says: "excuse me, you're not saying what we believe. you should teach what we believe." so science responds by saying "no. this is how we know what we know. how do you know what you know? you'll have to convince us if you want us to base society on it".
how do we know: we already know what science cares about. religion is the aggressor. it actively demands teaching that the science is wrong and to give it equal time in the classroom for creationism. there is no movement of scientists demanding equal time for evolution and cosmology in the church.
this is where the clash of religion and science comes from, and why it's there.
religion isn't persecuted. religion is aggressively interrupting the conversation. science is defending itself and butting it back out of the conversation. religion isn't a victim, and it isn't targeted until it claims to be something it isn't and forces science to acknowledge why it's wrong.
this is important because religion doesn't get to be the aggressor and then claim persecution. i don't get to punch you in the face and then claim you started it.
------
this guy knows what he's talking about. literally everyone in this sub should pay attention to what he's saying about every single relationship, breakup, and frankly every date or attempt to introduce yourself to someone etc, are all learning experiences. if 24 ever feels old, or old enough to think you've figured out who you even want to be in life, much less actually be that yet, then you're probably in an attitude that doesn't remind you enough that there are countless things you haven't seen or done yet and you should start doing them, romantically and otherwise. i don't see many people think of things this way but when you really think about it, wouldn't most people agree that how hard it is to leave someone is no accurate measure whatsoever of whether or not it's appropriate to leave that person / relationship. just like countless women find genuinely dangerous and abusive relationships " hard " to get out of, in a less extreme but somewhat psychologically similar way, leaving a very sweet person that you've been with for a long time will also be very " hard " to do but that doesn't mean you shouldn't leave. op and everyone else would / never eventually realize this after they've done it, gone under the detachment pain for a totally unpredictable amount of time, but eventually come out the other side wiser about who they should or shouldn't be with, or what other non - romantic pursuits, and growth experiences are more valuable to that particular person's life vs any romantic attachment at all at a given point / stretch in life. and only thing i disagree with her is that op can easily still " love " his gf. i've learned to be pretty sure even if you don't love someone forever, then you never really loved them. you may have been wrong about thinking you loved them, or you may have been wrong about who the person really was, but if you knew and loved the real core of the person and one or both of the 2 people just happened to evolve away from needing to be in one relationship or just to satisfy the other person let's say, then as the cliche goes : you just aren't " in love " anymore. relationships should rarely feel like work. people who say that they're a lot of work, really probably are one of the many people who stayed at someone they just happened not be with and didn't continually go out into the world and practice enough to reach enough wisdom to realize who they should or shouldn't be with. now, it is a job, being in a relationship. but it should feel like one of those mythical jobs that don't feel like a job because you love it so much. if you actually sift through the whole lot of people in the world enough, year after year, have long relationships, short ones, dates, one night stands, live with someone, do a long distance if you want, whatever, you will get closer and closer to the " limit " of knowing exactly what you want and need and you will hopefully find yourself in the type of relationship where both people really understand the purpose of being in a relationship. that purpose is not to be able to afford rent, or have someone to take care of your dog, or please your parents by giving them grandchildren in the decade they want to have one in, or to be with someone that shares the same hobbies as you. the point of being in a relationship is for 2 people to be equally committed to the other person's happiness and to give more than you take but what you get in return from the other person, to actually ultimately feel like it's more than what you put in. op and pretty much most people who are with the same person at 20, that they were with at 15, 16, 17... or anyone over 22 who is with the same person they were with at 18, 19, 20.. should take a hard look at all of the beneficial things in life that could come to each person in that relationship if they'd just do the right ( yet difficult ) thing and split up, see the world, mature, grow, prosper, etc. anyone over 30 who still wishes they hadn't broken up with their high school sweetheart at 18 / 19 / 20 / 21 / 22 / 23 / 24 really really really wasted the opportunity to go improve their life. it doesn't even mean that you'll find someone who's a " better person ". there are a lot of great people out there. there may not be an oversupply of great people in a small town you grew up in. but in the world, there's more supply than you need to find someone equal or better, at a later time in your life when you've figured out how to be virtually sure that you're with the right person for who've you've become. and really, you owe it to anyone you think you're really going to be with forever, to do all kinds of things to prepare you for being sure.
------
i am not much of a chinese expert, though i do tend to be interested in the ancient romans so here is some things.
subjugation of women
very much a part of christian culture as well, women were subservient to men in the western world until after the second world war, that is 1950+
foot-binding
yeah, pretty bad practise. i agree with you on that, but no thing is perfect.
arranged marriages
europe had a lot of those as well with the numerous struggles for power and claims for certain counties or dukedomes and thrones. very common.
no-fault divorce
don't really know why this is bad, if a couple no longer loves eachother then why wouldn't they be capable of absolving their marriages without the need to create a conflict to start?
concubines
in the bible, abraham takes a slave as his concubine, hagar, as his wife is infertile, so hypocritical?
institutionalized polygamy
<url>
by law within roman citizens or people within the empire could only have a single wife, contrary to other peoples in this timeframe which was later to be praised by early christendom. this was due to their republican and egalitarian ideals (at least, egalitarian for their time period.)
pedophilia
pedophilia is more of a modern concept than anything else, before medicine and such were invented you would die quite soon, extremely soon. which is why in history young people are very frequently already considered adults, as soon as your father dies, you are the man of the house suddenly as eldest son. doesn't matter if you are 14.
paganism
paganism is just a term of christendom to say people follow a polytheistic form of religion, and hellenism is obviously that and nothing is inherently wrong with that, it's just you have multiple gods to worship.
open orgies with children and infanticide
source please for this, can't find anything on my own about it.
logos
it can also mean study btw, logie behind many things such as biology is basicly ''study of ...'' in this case ''study of life''
for the romans specificly it was quite destabilizing at the very least. chalcedonianism as i shall just quickly call pre-split of church christendom was monotheistic, which meant that integration of the many polytheistic religions would become far more difficult.
early christians also tended to actually be quite violent in the form of actively razing and burning buildings, with riots as well.
and well, if we include the jewish, there was a 1500 year period where the doctrine was unified, to then split into the jews (original) and chalcedonianism (christendom under christ). which then lasted for a 1000 years until the split into orthodox christianity (original) and catholic christianity (split-off) and then 500 years later the protestants and such started to rebel which meant the catholic church suddenly had a bunch of heresies spreading.
it has lasted btw for 2000 years due to it's effect on people and teaching children. once it's part of your core beliefs as a child through relentless education about it by your parents the most trusted source to be found in nature, you are not really going to get rid of it when about everybody is christian.
it has grown because christendom promises an eternal life after death of perfection, or an endless pit of hell. seeing as most religions based in europe at the time didn't really have such a reward/punishing thing people were more prone to be converted.
furthermore, christendom sprouted in one of the most advanced civilizations if not the most advanced civilization on earth, rome. thus in later stages it could benefit from this by using knowledge unknown to the native population and state it was a miracle.
in my own homecountry, the netherlands, there would be a priest spreading his faith, to then put his staff or what he was carrying into the ground where he would know there would be water due to research from before, right as he said, ''my god, to prove you are true, let water sprout from the ground''. thus when water did spring up, people would also see it as a form of evidence for this almighty god.
------
>highly trained? wut? shinji had virtually 0 training, as opposed to eren having years of combat training.
shinji constantly trained in his eva with battle simulations as well as facing off against way more angels than eren fought titan shifters (even counting eren's losses). shinji has loads of real combat experience in his mech.
i'll give you that eren trained for years, but eren's training was entirely useless for fighting in his titan. the only thing he learned as a recruit that was useful were the lessons annie taught him. he sure as hell didn't learn any military discipline, and manga spoilers >!he is to the latest chapter still fucking up by not following orders and having the scouts have to die to rescue him.!< eren's pretty much winging it.
>shinji being the best eva pilot is completely irrelevant since there's a universe of difference between fighting a person and a fucking laser shooting cube.
except the angels are people in a sense. i would argue that they are harder than people and require more flexibility because you never know how they're going to try to fuck shit up. they're creative and clever. plus, although shinji refused to fight, eva 01 had no problems wrecking eva 03's shit and eva 03 is about as human as you can get. and there were a ton of angels that were very humanoid. shinji knows how to fight both giant monster humans and laser ~~cubes~~ octahedrons. he'd fucking wreck a titan shifter.
>but yeah, at fields are one helluva drug and eren can't do shit.
yeh.
>though the fight would probably end with shinji running away.
if shinji runs away it's going to be at the start of the fight.
eren battle/emotional arc: get very angry and fight recklessly -> lose badly -> get rescued by the sacrifices of comrades -> cry because his fuck up resulted in the deaths of his comrades -> snaps out of it and realizes he needs to work together with comrades and control his anger to win -> does so and together they curbstomp whatever fool was stupid enough to face off against the ninja-army/flesh-mecha tag team.
shinji battle/emotional arc: cry because he doesn't want to fight because it's painful or he'll have to hurt people -> runs away -> realizes he can't actually run away and has to face up -> buckles down and wrecks shit like the badass crybaby he is.
you have a point in that shinji might run away, because if he knew a 15 year old kid was in eren's titan he would probably rather die than hurt them (this scenario happened exactly with 03.) eren could potentially win if 01 didn't have an at field as long as shinji refused to fight. however even this is doubtful as 01 could take over at any moment and she'd have no problems having titan shifter on a spine for dinner. shinji isn't stupid though. since 01 has an at field all he'd have to do is let eren smash himself against it until he tired himself out.
------
i'm a libertarian about free will which means i believe in robust free will. this is the common sense understanding of it. to know we can't control what we want is just another way of saying we don't get free will which begs the question since that is this conclusion of the argument. the conclusion of the argument is found ( using different words ) in a premise which is the definition of begging the question. i'll go ahead and explain why the supporting argument for premise ( 2 ) is a bad argument though just to get ahead of the curve. also, afterward i'll explain the basic problem for any argument against robust free will and then i'll give an argument to show that you cannot rationally believe you don't have robust free will. by robust free agency i mean the common sense, naive notion of free will that most all intuitively believe we have. i don't mean the " compatibilist " version which as far as i can tell is not very interesting at all because it's not really the kind of free will we intuitively believe we have or care about in this broad philosophical context. so trying to change what you want at this moment is not a very good test. indeed, it does seem like we can't change what we want in the situation. however, when you think about it long term then it's obvious that we do have the capacity to change what we want. maybe if i choose to learn more about something i'll want to learn even more about it. so i will change what i want by simply doing something that i think may lead me to want that thing in the future. this is all really obvious and seems to be true. another test of trying to change what you want in the moment and not being able too is simply not an appropriate one. now the regress argument is flawed because you don't really understand why the soul is important. galen strawson is a notable philosopher who makes this mistake often in his arguments against free will. he doesn't really seem to understand libertarian free will philosophers who talk about agent causation. it's almost like strawson and your youtuber haven't read any libertarian free will philosophers. the problem with the argument is that it assumes there is only ever a random act or an act determined by a prior cause. and the libertarian free will i. e. person who believers in robust ( common sense ) free will believes that some of our intentions are not caused and yet are not random. so to assert there is only ever random uncaused acts or determined caused acts is to beg the question. this goes into the basic problem for any argument against robust free will. the basic problem is that it either ( a ) assumes a causal closure principle too strong to be plausible or ( b ) assumes a causal closure principle too weak to support the conclusion against robust free will. and this problem is not ever going to be solved it seems to me because it is so embedded with other philosophical views like what does it mean to have a mind and whether or not the mind can interact with the body and whether there are psychophysical laws determining that interaction, etc. i believe in substance dualism which is the only philosophy of mind that makes any sense to me which takes account of the evident data of experience. so i'm inclined to believe we have souls and our souls are essentially causal powers or " wills " which can, for reasons unknown and probably unknowable, interact with a particular body. and it seems like for at least some of our actions there is no prior determining cause for our " willing " since our " willing " for robust free acts is merely an " agent doing " and nothing causes the agent to do that doing. the agent simply does it. the distinction between random indeterminate acts and non - random indeterminate acts is that non - random indeterminate acts like in intentional acts by free agents is that the agent can conform to reasons to act or not. reasons are not causes. this is another mistake people make. they take reasons to be causes. this is called " reason internalism " and reason internalism has massive problems. the fact of " reason externalism " ( the philosophy of action such that agents respond to reasons but are not caused by reasons ) is enough, in my view, to get one on the way to seeing why we do have robust free will. anyway, i'll finish off with the argument that you cannot rationally accept the proposition that you don't have robust free will. there is not relevant distinction as far as this argument goes between practical and theoretical rationality. in order to rationally accept some theoretical proposition you shouldn't have any practical defeaters, let's call them. what i mean by practical defeater is that you have no reason to believe that it wasn't in your power to think differently. for example, if i learn that grass is usually blue by experience then i have reason to believe grass is blue. suppose that i use the word " green " to refer to my blue experience in conversation with others and it has never caused any issues in my life. so i'm justified in believing grass really is blue and yet i call it " green. " however, suppose i learn that i had some kind of disease which for whatever reason only switched the green experience to blue when i see grass and nothing else. then i'd have what i'm calling a practical defeater to not believe grass is blue. so i should not believe it anymore. so any argument against robust free will is a practical defeater for itself. therefore, you are never rationally justified in believing you don't have free will.
------
this happened last night, which technically it wasn't today, although activities may have extended into this morning. i typed it up right after a pregnancy test. i'll start with how i met my girlfriend. we were at a summer camp, ( we're both kids ) and that happened in that two week period that resulted in a relationship. to be frank, that was my first relationship, since prior to that i was much more focused on grades and education. it was your typical nerd fetish of " landing the hot blonde ", although i was more thrown into the relationship, although once i was i relished it. actually, she lives in seattle, while i'm down in north carolina, literally right off the path of florence ( which i really hoped and still hope would / will come and kill me ). we " dated " halfway through the camp, a result of going off on college campus for eating. when we finished, i met her parents as they picked her up, but she never met mine. as a result, my parents never knew anything - - in fact, nobody did except for one of my friends who went on the cruise trip directly following, was basically everyone she knew. this never seemed to be really important for me, since i'm new to all this relationship stuff. actually my friend who commonly browses reddit and my user will probably see this, so when i ride the school bus tomorrow i might be cucked even more. speaking of hurricane florence, it was actually the reason she came over ; for, two days ago, through odd motives, she had traveled over to wilmington rather than california for the beach with a group of her friends, and obviously was in direct path of the storm. with nowhere else to go, they ran towards the rdu triangle, which was the " clear zone " of the country and rented a hotel. me, seeing her story on instagram, was an idiot and offered to give her stay. this was basically me, someone who marked his friends with pencils ( it was studying for ap psych last year ) thinking about others before him. before my numbskull could realize that 1 ). she would be staying with my parents, who had absolutely no idea that she existed, 2 ). i would be living with a girlfriend i haven't seen in about two months, who lives normally halfway across the country, and 3 ). events like these typically result in heartbreak, she replied with a " sure, thanks! " and my plan was underway. then i realized all these three shit points, but i was too scared to send these back because i'm an introvert and i don't want to lose the closest thing i have to a relationship because i'm insecure and use https everywhere. i then proceeded to start telling my parents about this, where my dad just sat there silent and looking amused why my mom was getting increasingly infuriated. after i finished ( the story during which my mother interjected multiple times ) my mom seemed more mad about how i never told her about this person rather than their stay here. my dad, on the other hand, seemed more relieved that i wasn't a complete social outcast and a homosexual ( because from his time, especially where he comes from, china, this is kinda big ) and let it pass, which was the complete opposite of what i was thinking. my mom at that point proceeded to start trying to gossip, etc. about this stuff because parents. about two hours later, she arrived, and we ( i ) unpackaged her stuff into my room. now the first night we didn't do anything really, just slept ( me for about 3 hours ) but the second night we did ; i actually blame the person at my camp for giving me an way oversized condom because i brought cards against humanity over and he had multiple condoms to give out. i had never planned on having sex as a high school student because i am semi - socially awkward and the only girl i relatively knew were my 6 year old sister and my girlfriend. as a result, the only condom i had was one that was ridiculously oversized. confession : i do not have a 10 - inch dick. as a result, with the reassurances of a condom and probably not having the chance for the next ten years until i remember tinder, we decided to set upon yesterday. this ended with the condom leaking, and some surprise and stress, followed up by a pregnancy test which resulted in a positive. in fact, so far we two are the only ones that know about this ( unless she's putting this on her snapchat story ) and putting it up here is more like an anonymity breaker. * * tl ; dr : * * i met a girl at camp ( both juniors ) who lives on the opposite coast of me, who came over for vacation which was the first time my parents met her, got hurricaned into my home and got pregnant as a result. nobody else knows. edit 1 : so apparently i know nothing about sex ed because i was busy playing clash royale when i was in that class... i'm gonna go look at a doctor to make sure that the baby isn't real, because, according to the helpful and supporting comments, the only possible causes were a prior pregnancy and a really shitty test. i kinda just overreacted and posted this, literally a tifu within a tifu. thanks for those who gave me information and brought me out of stress mode! edit 2 : so i told her about the entire doctor thing ( and apparently she doesn't understand how babies work either ) and about how i was gonna schedule an appointment ; she stayed silent for about thirty minutes and said that it was all a prank ; etc. obviously, this feels like a scam, so should i immediately dump, or entertain this further? thanks again to all of your support during this! edit 3 : thanks to / u / flagshack for the gold, even though i don't feel like this post deserves it... really i've learned my lesson and deserve a fucking whopping for the idiocy of not listening in sex ed.
------
> and by the way the comic was nowhere near that, what are you talking about?
the 'sambo-style' is a type of pickanniny style. sambo was actually a native american. this is irrelevant to the point at hand.
>of course it matters, you're basically saying that as long as enough people arbitrarily decide to get offended by something then the author's intent doesn't matter.
i'm being more pragmatic than ideological here. assume mark knight made the cartoon with no racial consideration at all. his *intention* was to highlight the dummy-spit, but the result was a lot of very angry people who felt racially vilified. many of those people have stopped listening, and won't accept any 'explanations' contrary to their initial perception. the damage has been done. the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
> when's the last time anyone from the left has altered their behaviour, language, etc... based on people from the right saying they are offended? and yet the right's supposed to fall right into lockstep and kowtow to the left's every whim just because enough lefties are claiming to be offended? why?
this is not really part of the discussion, but i actually agree. the problem is that the social-right holds conservative values that can be quite bigoted against people of certain races, sexuality, gender, culture, nationality, or faith. i would say that most of those are beyond the individual's control, and should not be the target of ridicule--that'd be playing the man, not the ball. it isn't always wrong to offend, if the person is espousing certain well-regarded qualities while living the opposite. barnaby joyce's little saga is a solid example: talking about strong family values while undermining them at every turn.
i am happy to agree that there are plenty shrill and deranged voices on the left being offended by every little thing. such people exist on both sides of the social spectrum and make a lot of noise that will often drown out meaningful discourse. they will dismiss anything the other person has to say unless they completely agree with them. the sane part of society can actually discuss whether an offensive thing is warranted criticism or not. criticisms based in race are not warranted, and that is what mark knight unintentionally achieved. he fucked up, and the correct move would have been to acknowledge the similarities between the cartoon and the sambo-style and to apologise for the reaction it has caused because he had only intended to illustrate the childish and, frankly, thuggish behaviour of serena williams. instead he and the herald sun have opted for the more *courageous* move of doubling down.
------
> this is true. but you really don't see a difference between fantasizing over fuzzy, faceless group sex and... actually wanting other people?... and here's the thing. this is not fuzzy faceless group sex. it's her showing an interest in a cuckolding relationship with him that involves his close and personal friends. very big difference, no? > my point is not that there aren't activities that are mood breakers, but that not even being able to be honest about what turns her on to think about is a problem. you find out it's a deal breaker at that point, no? also you could say that they weren't being honest when they initially got into a dedicated monogamous relationship you begin with, before thematizing their fantasies and wants. you put the onus entirely on the party who does want no part in this. > you seem to assume that if someone thinks something is sexy to think about, it means they want to do it. this is really not always true. said person is fantasizing about it, is turned on by it, likely watches it on pornos and masturbates to it. now they've pushed so far that they're bringing it up to their partner. there's little purpose in doing so beyond being interested, wanting it and testing the waters. see ultimatively whatever ones deal breakers are is up to one self. to me, this would be one, no questions asked. people have different kind of fetishes, from race play, to creep shots, to actual illegal activities. they're hiding them and keeping them on the down low for a reason. and where one puts down their own boundaries and what they see through " no go " is their own decision. this doesn't mean they wont have happy or succesful relationships. it merely means they wont have affair with a person who wants and fantasizes about these things. > unless you flat out tell them from the get go'mention another man to me even in an aroused and intoxicated state when you don't even mean you actually want to sleep with them, then it will be over'- - and what doing that does is tell them that they can't be honest with you or trust you to even talk things out before acting. see now's the thing. if i have a monogamous relationship i understand why and not involving others as a given. if they want to deviate from this, it would've been on them to bring this up and make it a topic early on. to clarify they want something that is " out there ". you are putting all the pressure and expectations on one side, while giving the others all the freedoms and excuses. they absolutely could have been honest from the get go. under the risk of this relationship not coming about. they chose not to be because they were hoping they could get the other person attached enough they'd cave later on. and what exactly is there to talk through? this question is what i'd like to have answered more than any other. talking about this isn't going to make it go away, talking about this isn't going to change the poison it intoduced into the relationship, talking about this isn't going to change the desires / fetishes one has expressed which the other party finds horrendous and unacceptable. > i wouldn't trust you enough to talk about anything else going on in my head sexually because that, to me, is an extreme reaction. see the problem here is. you have a lot of expectations for your partner. where they have to prove themselves to you, where they have to be accepting, to always give you a chance to explain, to give you all the freedom and assurance. which would be fine. if on the other side you'd feel comfortable with hiding things from them, deceiving them and crossing their boundaries to establish the relationship in the first place. > i am into bdsm, for example, but under what planet would it seem okay to tell you that but not that i some times think about sex with multiple partners, even though i don't want to experience it. see, bdsm is no problem of mine. it can be great under the right circumstances. tell me you want to involve other men and that's a deal breaker for me. it doesn't matter if it's " just fantasy ", which everything is till it becomes reality. it simply tells me that we have some extreme compatibility issues here. which possibly should've been thematized early on. because then we could've stayed friends and not entered a relationship under a false premise, no? > it is not reasonable to break up just based on someone mentioning it at all. see and this is where i disagree. what someone finds reasonable to break up over is entirely their own decision to make. nobody else gets to decide that. and in this case, it's one of the most egrious things one can do aside from outright cheating as far as i am concerned. i have very few " instant game over " things, this however is one of them.
------
well, should read the rest of that comment i copy and pasted, and here's some more
> the amazing spider-man clocks in at a considerable 142 minutes in length, which isn't exactly uncommon in comic book sequels: just look at the dark knight's 152 minutes or the winter soldier's 136 minutes. sequels generally aim to be larger in scope and boast more ambitious set-pieces, and that is certain true of spidey's latest effort, though much like sam raimi's spider-man 3, it also ends up feeling bloated and attempting to cram in more than it can reasonably engage with in a compelling manner. there are two main villains in the movie and a tertiary one sitting in the periphery, and webb simply spends an inordinate amount of time establishing the origin stories for both electro and green goblin, all while the movie floods awash with so many cumbersome subplots and pointless dialogues that it quickly begins to lose focus. the real beating heart of the movie is peter's relationship with gwen stacy, but with numerous needless interjections of goofy humour and talky asides, this central point begins to become lost among the bloat.
> despite being one of spider-man's go-to comic book villains, electro ends up getting a strangely meek treatment here, and even an actor of jamie foxx's caliber can't do much against the tide of effects-driven performance and bad writing. the major issue with the character is that his motivation to become a villain is so hilariously awful: as max dillon, he looks up to spidey and appears to deeply value an encounter in which the web-slinger saved him. thus, when he turns into electro after an improbable accident involving electric eels, he snaps at spidey just for forgetting his name. after that, he claims that he's going to cut the power to new york to make the city's citizens feel just as he did when he worked at oscorp: powerless. it might just be tough-guy rherotic, but it's unconvincing at best and goofy at worst, making even the frustratingly ever-sympathetic villains of raimi's spider-man movies favourable to this nonsense. his final showdown with spidey is easily the character's highlight, though when he eventually loses to spidey and disappears into the ether, we feel absolutely nothing.
> one of the most surprising issues about the amazing spider-man 2 is that there's not really all that much action in it. in a near-two-and-a-half-hour blockbuster epic, marc webb doesn't find all that much room for set-pieces, clearly far more invested in the dramatic aspects of the narrative. after an opening sequence in which spidey takes on rhino briefly, it's a head-scratchingly long time before he faces off against electro and the movie picks up momentum again. then there's not really a lot of major action again until the (admittedly rather good and lengthy) finale. perhaps we've all been spoiled recently with the raid 2's all-you-can-eat buffet of action, but for such a long movie to feature so little of spidey taking care of business makes it feel like audiences were rather short-changed.
> one of the major necessities for these movies to work is that the cgi be convincing enough for audiences to lose themselves in the spectacle. here it's a bit of a mixed bag, because though the film has plenty of visually stunning moments, some of the effects don't quite seem up to standard, as though a tight deadline denied them perfection. the main problem is the quality of the physics: spider-man too often seems weightless when he's flying or being hurled around by his various foes, and during busy action scenes the animation seems quite jerky and stilted. this has been a problem with the spider-man series before: spider-man 3 suffered from extremely blurry, difficult to comprehend action scenes due to an over-reliance on unconvincing cgi, but at least here it's only an occasional issue, and spidey's stand-offs with electro and rhino, with their lack of intricate, direct combat, are for the most part much easier on the eyes.
> despite this movie costing an insane <cur>200 million, there are long stretches of time throughout this movie in which spidey is nowhere to be seen, instead relying on the affability of andrew garfield as peter parker to see us through. sfx's review of the movie put it perfectly: " must drain the budget, which is probably one of the reasons why the costumed crimefighter disappears for a good chunk of the movie halfway in!" as with the aforementioned lack of action, there are long stretches of the movie where spidey is nowhere to be seen and webb indulges peter's drama just a little too much. trimming away just a few of these scenes would lighten the load considerably, and make getting through the film feel less of a chore, as spider-man's presence would feel a little more balanced compared to the over-use of peter. that's not to put garfield down at all: he does a fine job as peter parker, but there are only so many scenes one can stomach where he stares doe-eyed at gwen stacy, or has a serious conversation with aunt may.
> to both webb's credit and fault, he really does try with the character work in the amazing spider-man 2. the central point is the peter-gwen relationship, and despite the excellent chemistry between real-life couple garfield and stone, a major issue with it here is that it's so stilted and on-off, making it difficult to become emotionally invested, at least until the green goblin shows up and takes gwen hostage. peppering this relationship drama between all the comedy and action does also create a bizarre tone, as the movie appears to want to be so much yet is not really any of it totally successfully.
------
> every wikipedia page refers to ml / standard ml / ocaml as a general purpose language. also, they explain the process of ml creation - which was just a little dsl for theorem proving. > since you were claiming it was designed for compilers, not theorem proving not a big difference. also, ml is still not the most suitable language for compilers, actually, it's just way more suitable than the most of the language. > saying they're basically the same thing but not the most defensible position. ok, mind explaining the difference? theorem proving boils down to rewriting trees, occasionally backtracking ( hence, sparse data structures ). compilation boils down to rewriting trees ( and should have been backtracking too, but usually don't bother ). cannot there any fundamental difference here, backtracking or not, persistent data structures are useful for compilation too. > how on earth can array and vector computations be unable to be implemented in a language that also has pattern matching? go on, extend hindley - milner to play well with, say, tensor ranks. i'm genuinely interested ( in fact, i have a handful of passable solutions to this ). most likely, your solution will be too complex to really worth being implemented, just for the sake of self - hosting. > python is an extremely general purpose language that is never designed for vector math, but it's arguably becoming the backbone of scientific methods. python is a pile of shit, for pretty much any imaginable application. it's becoming popular because worse is better. now, have a look at a language that was actually designed for this sort of things - apl. are you insane enough to write a compiler in an apl? concatenative languages play well with array - centric computing, but are not so good for transforming trees. > if a language supports operator overloading, then bam, it's suddeny great for vector math. you have a very low standard of what is passable. > virtually every program needs to parse and manipulate inputs, whether it's a binary format on disk representing a database or a picture, or a message using json, xml, etc. and yet, most of the languages do not have any proper features for rendering it. also, why would you even want to parse json in a language built for array - centric computing, or in a relational language, or whatever else? > i'm certain the llvm developers would disagree wholeheartedly that c + + is not very well suited to writing compilers. and you're wrong. come to a next llvm meeting ( such as eurollvm ) and talk to people there. also, this is exactly the reason for tablegen, and its ever growing scope. i'm pretty sure one day it'll cover instcombine too. > if that were the case, it would have been rewritten, or at least new modules would be written in something suitable... there are other reasons - such as, performance requirements and availability of a toolchain for a diverse range of platforms. > authors of most languages think they're developing a great general purpose language, nope. only the dumb ones. those who actually know what they're doing are designing very narrowly scoped domain - specific languages instead. > " laborious " means that it takes time and effort to do something. also, it means that if you're writing your pass in c + +, python or whatever else unsuitable, your noise to signal ratio is too high. you're writing 90 % boilerplate code surrounding 10 % of something meaningful. that's laborious. if your language is built with tree rewriting in mind, you'll have 100 % meaningful code with 0 % noise rituals, making your work far more efficient and your code much more maintainable and easier to comprehend. > optimization passes take time to understand and implement. typing speed is not the limiting factor. lol wut? now you're claiming that a 90 % noise code is only limiting your typing speed and nothing else? what about being able to actually * read * this code? i recommend that you go and read instcombine, and try to figure out what it's doing. despite the actual meaning of all transforms there being dead trivial, understandable for anyone who vaguely remember the most basic algebra from school, the code itself is mostly a noise, and you must try really hard to see the trivial algebra through it. now, with a suitable language, you'll see the rewrite rules immediately, like'a * 0 = 0'and so on. > but i recognize that our major compilers, interpreters, and jits are almost all written in c or c + + for the reasons that have nothing to do with ease of implementation and maintainability. > hey must not suck that much at manipulating trees, regardless of how narrowly you seem to view languages. yet, they do suck, and it's a major show stopper. once again, see tablegen language - without it llvm would have been an even bigger mess, and, likely, would have stayed a decade behind. same thing for gcc - if you think it's written in c, you're wrong. the most horrible parts ( isel, for example ) are implemented in ad hoc dsls too.
------
> isn't the fact that cases are being reported from more recently evidence that at least something has changed?
no, because it's not the church doing the reporting. if you look at the case i referenced above, it was reported by a parent of one of the victims rather than by anyone in the diocese, despite the fact that at least two priests in the parish were aware of the abuse. here's some comments from the judge (lynch and shannon are both priests):
> "the record is clear that lynch and shannon had knowledge that for years serrano often had several boys, including plaintiff, sleep over at his apartment," justice loren baily-schiffman of kings county supreme court wrote in her 2017 order dismissing the church's motion for summary judgment of the case. "in fact, both lynch and shannon testified that they visited serrano on numerous occasions when young boys were present."
and then more background from the article:
> in a deposition, father lynch testified that he saw mr. serrano kiss an 8- or 9-year-old boy on the mouth and inappropriately embrace the boy.
> a church secretary, beatrice ponnelle, who shared an office with mr. serrano, also testified about questionable behavior. she said that although the church had a rule that children were not allowed to be left alone in the office with a staff member, boys as young as 7 or 8 would come into the office to do their homework while sitting on mr. serrano's lap. when she left for the day, he would be the only adult in the office with the boys, justice baily-schiffman wrote.
so...nobody associated with the church reported the incidents, the abuse went from 2003-2009 before one of the victims told a parent, and it was the parent who reported them to authorities. i wonder what else was going on during that time? well...the boston globe broke the news about john geoghan (story told in the movie spotlight) in 2002. according to /u/serjohlaaludrambero, the "dallas charter reforms" were implemented in 2002, under which those priests and diocesan employees should have been reporting the abuse. in fact, the last big wave of catholic church child rape cases all came out in the early 00s, and the case in brooklyn happened after that.
so has anything changed? nothing but lip service. when the pa ag's office released their grand jury report a few weeks back, they also set up a hotline for people to report additional cases. according to the ag's office they've received hundreds of calls about additional cases, so many that they had to borrow staff from other departments to help man the hotlines. you can bet there's going to be a lot more cases coming forward, hopefully with actual prosecutions.
and since then several other states have initiated investigations and opened hotlines, which have been similarly swamped. but if you look at missouri, only one archdiocese (st. louis) has initially agreed to participate by providing records to the investigations. the diocese of kansas city-st. joseph basically said we'll have our attorney's review any requests, while the diocese of springfield-cape girardeau has said they're going to do their own investigation. since in missouri the ag doesn't have the power to subpoena the records, it sounds like most of the state will be off limits to him. kinda makes you wonder what they're hiding...
------
i'm that 31 yo male in a loving relationship with a 33 yo female. we've been together one year. she just got out of a relationship she was in for 7 and 1 / 2 years. i connect with my girl on levels i never imagined i could, down to our favorite political commentator, music, habits, dietary preferences ( both vegan ), mannerisms, and that much more. this is the girl i wants to marry. but there's something hanging over me that i still cannot shake. before her relationship in 2010 she went through a series of dating people. we've both had about the same amount of partners, i maybe one or two more. she's been with about 5 people that she's had sex with. but from august 2009 to november 2009 she dated and slept with 3 people. first was a coworker, she knew for a couple months, dated for month. slept with. the second being my best friend in october ( i went actually kissing the night they hooked up, it was at a karaoke bar and then was in relationship at the time but was so smitten talking to her ). that was a one night stand ( maybe they slept together again, who knows ). the third was in november with some guy who is her brother - in - law's friend and band member. he sort of used her and would say stuff to her like " meet me here, i have the condoms. " in january she fooled around with some guy but says she does not remember having sex with him. in february she got with her boyfriend of nearly 8 years. the fact that she has a past does not bother me. it's the succession of dudes. she says that she was always looking for a relationship. the first guy would comment on her body in negative ways and tell her they should do a threesome. the guy on november would comment on how other girls were hot and clearly just used to her to fuck her. really don't know why but i can't come to grips with this. especially after dating girls in the past who were very selective with the men they were with. i'm no saint and i realize there are double standards. i have been with three girls over a period of a year but that's the closest. not a matter for months. what makes this more fucked up is that she's found out her ex coworker and friend, another girl, had sex with me a couple years ago. this girl is attractive by many people's accounts. and we saw her at the store the other day and it brought down the flood gates in a way, but i think my gf is moving on. at first she was really perturbed by this, especially since the girl was messaging me on instagram still. but that girl and i have been friends since we were literally 16, and before anything sexual happened we were buddies in high school. i love my girlfriend, more than any other girl i've been with or will be with. there's just something hanging over me that i cannot get over. as insecure as i am, i looked these guys up and they're nothing to brag about. i feel better than them in everyway. it's not that it happened, it's going to happen when you start dating someone in their 30's. it's the fact that there a few guys in so little time. i cherish her body and being with her so much, but i can't stop thinking now when we have sex about how she gave it up so easily. i know she was a different person but this stings. am i crazy?
------
> premiums for families have increased to a majority, a lot by > 50 % or more. i mean it lowered the effective cost of health care, i didn't talk about premiums. that's saying " we have to pay more taxes as more hospitals declared costs ", which would have the same effect, you just wouldn't know about it. this is not hard to get. > the only way there shall be no competition is if government makes it so. if government creates to many laws and regulations, then government creates the monopoly. monopolies are naturally created through capitalism, i have given enough examples in my original reply. the'free market'in the usa compared to eu enforces this even more ( fundemental difference in what a free market is, singular information flow comapred to a required bi - directional information flow ). how is the internet / phone service over there? look up, few years later, same issues. monopolies. it only took a few years to get to the exact same toxic state. if a new player wants entry, lets say google, it isn't the goverment intervening, it is capitalism being able to bribe their way further. capitalism is founded on greed, greed finds a way into the goverment. this doesn't make capitalism bad ( you americans speak black and white... ), this means there are drawbacks behind a good driving force. greed is good as a driving force, but it requires patience. > there is no incentive for customers either take care of themselves or only get treatments they need. all places that have healthcare like this ration their services. yes there is, this is a very delusional and close minded way to look at health care. case in point, the far majority of european countries. > canada has wait times of > 2 months for things like cat scans and the nhs in britain is designed to prevent overweight people from visiting hospitals. ow noo, people are making use of health care, shame on them! nothing wrong with wait lists, as long as they are kept in check. it means machines are used cost effectively, a good measure. > socialism has killed 100's of millions of people in the 20th century. religion killed more than anything in history, 78 % of americans are christians. this information is completely useless, just as the quote above. look up what this term actually means, socialism co - exists with capitalism just fine, in fact they empower each other. this is again a very american, black and white view of the word, which isn't used in any western country for decades. by nature an american will shy away from this word, or look at it as'baaaad ', while europeans are fine with it, as they might actually understand the meaning behind it. every western european country has a socialist nature, we also have less poverty, universal health care and some countries even have universal basic income. i must be terrified right now, we gonna kill each other any minute now! try to find a middle line in your views. it isn't gun control = bad or = good. capitalism = good = bad, more often than not when 2 persons are telling their story, the truth is in the middle. > you are obviously a teenager who has no real understanding of how the world works. > for you to advocate for such things either makes you uninformed / ignorant or incredibly stupid leave these silly insults at home, 80 < cur > salted water bags, keep it going bud.
------
i've written essays on why, but obviously you will want me to terse.
for starters, the stark family's undoing was because of the twin's actions and ned was beheaded by cersei's son which further shattered the stark family. arya experienced both her father's beheading and the red wedding and ned's description fits perfectly with the father in the faith of the seven, who is sought to for justice and "divine justice" in the show.
if you look at who killed those who betrayed ned (and the books predicts the sansa killing littlefinger) you see ned's children killing janos, littlefinger, and eventually cersei.
grrm has stated lotr is his great model for most of the series, and jon is taken after aragorn. similarly, ice takes after narsil and is demonstrably going to be lightbringer reforged from oathkeeper and willow's wail. (just ask and i'll provide three book quotes to prove it to you). in tolkien's letters he said that the broken blade narsil represented the line of the kings of gondor. when it became reforged, it represented the return of the king and the restoration of the line of gondor. similarly, ice was broken around the time of the red wedding (right before in the books and right after in the show) which is where the last starks where assumed to be killed (sansa was a lannister by this time). [you can see the show depicting this idea in the season 4 opener, as opening scenes are always the most important](<url>).
the second forging of lightbringer is the heart of a captured lion and arya is going to give cersei the gift of mercy with widow's wail as jaime (which has yet been given to jaime in the books).
after arya gives cersei the gift of mercy with widow's wail (stick them with the pointy end where the hound showed arya where the heart is), the greatsword will be reforged into one. arya named her sword "needle" after her stitch work. her being part of the second forging of lightbringer is sort of her "stitching" the blades back together afterwards. arya being part of the second forging is reflected in the very first two paragraphs in her very first chapter in the very first book:
>arya's stitches were crooked again.
>she frowned down at them with dismay and glanced over to where her sister sansa sat among the other girls. sansa's needlework was exquisite. everyone said so. "sansa's work is as pretty as she is," septa mordane told their lady mother once. "she has such fine, delicate hands." when lady catelyn had asked about arya, the septa had sniffed. "**arya has the hands of a blacksmith.**"
> - arya i agot
you can read about all of this in-depth here. it'll answer your questions like why reforge two perfectly good swords into one:
<url>
------
all 20 + of my salvia experiences were absolutely horrifying in an indiscribeable way only understandable to others who have experienced both. none of the other many psyches i've done have left me with such a sense of urgency and that particular fearful anticipation before taking a hit. yet i wouldn't trade those experiences for anything. existence becomes an accordian, i became a volcano, chris rock led me back into reality with comidic magic, i had the most intense orgasm of my life with no sexual stimulation or sexual thoughts... i was just a volcano that exploded and ruined some pants with the biggest load ever. just, what the fuck all around. when sharing it, my friend floated off into the world becoming made of cake, and needed us to give him a spoon because no life depended on him eating the brick wall on the porch that he walked outside to get to. fully coherant in the midst of a salvia trip yet completely out of reality. will never forget the time i did it alone, somehow fell and slammed my head into a hard table right the start of the trip, and was rolling balls while unconscious, came back to reality dazed from a serious head wound and still tripping balls... jesus christ salvia, how the fuck are you legal?? edit : a bit more on my experiences - salvia was the first drug i ever tried. did it before i smoked my first bit of weed, even. since then, i've made a point to do as many hallucinogens as i could get my hands on. my particular favorite is a tie between 2c - i and 2c - e ( some cid is close behind ), while very different in their effects, i love him both to death and am sad the area dried up. i got myself a full gram ( a good 100 strong doses since it seemed cut 1 / 10th ) and insufflated himself all over a few months until the end of it even a 30mg dose ( usually 3 - in enough for a great trip ) didn't do anything but act like amazing, long lasting coke. salvia is what sparked my growth in psyches, when before i was as square as a 4 sided polygon with equal length sides. the first few times me did the salvia ( extract 20x, bought from a little headshop while it was still legal in the state ) i did it with some minorly drug experienced friends who'd at least done shrooms before and smoked weed. total pros compared to me at the time, so i felt they made adequate trip sitters as we rotated tripping one at a time. a bubbler was packed full and we used a propane torch to light it, as we'd read about online. the key was to hold the smoke as long as possible, which was usually around 30 - 45 seconds ( except that one time we each coughed too early ) and we'd start feeling it quickly on the exhale, falling deep down into an s - hole within seconds. i don't remember which experience was which, we'd maybe do 1 - 2 trips a night each day over the 3 day weekend until we ran out of the cheap, < cur > 18 bag. definitely one of the biggest bangs for my buck ever as < cur > 6 gave me 6 crazy 15 minute trips. the trips all felt like they lasted hours, and yet only seconds each time. kind of like how the passage of time feels on nitrous. you're aware of every second, but you have no concern for time not the ability to process it. a year later, having gotten my own place as a sophomore, me and the same friend, now my roommate, decided we should celebrate our new freedom by doing some more salvia extract. having some latent ptsdish subconscious feelings about what was to come, we each hesitated before blasting off. we both consciously wanted to do it, it was fun, and we had no other access to other psyches. but still, something inside us both was trying to talk us out of it. coming out of the trip we both felt like we had fun and tried to explain the fragmented, nonsensical memory of our freshly finished trips. it felt like trying to describe a particularly crazy dream that was intensely vivid. at the time, i was a frequent intentional lucid dreamer and no stranger to the stranger corners of my mind, so i was intensely impressed at how this legal plant extract was blowing my mind every time, without fail. this round, though, i started having much more consciousness throughout each experience, and strangely enough, started to have one recurring aspect which i can only ascribe as " the accordion of reality. " from my 8th time or so onward, every salvia trip has the shape of an accordion. my vision became split into 3 parts. picture a circle, the whole of which is your field of vision. the bottom hemisphere of the circle doesn't exist, there is nothing there. not darkness, not obscurity, just nothing, and it's imperceptible. the upper hemisphere is a battle between two opposites, divided sharply by a line that moves back and forth around the upper arc and a fixed point in the center of the circle. on the left side of that divide is the only thing visible on the trip, and it's batshit nonsense. the right side... is normal reality. as i generally gain consciousness and lucidity a few minutes into the 15 minute trip, yet am still not fully in my right mind, i am always fascinated and confused by what's going on in that upper hemisphere. if i focus on the left - upper side, or just relax, it grows, and that tripping section becomes larger. if i focus on the right - upper, my view back into the real world grows. it ebbs and flows and moves right and left, but i have a lot of control over it. i've never been able to make the left side completely take over the top, although i've tried many times. i can, however, focus hard and make the right - reality side completely overtake the left - fantastical side, and when it does, the trip ends. i have ended what would have otherwise been 12 - 15 minute trips in 3 - 4 by doing so. and if i do, it's over. i can't make it start again even if the trip really just started. that experience with salvia started off my psyche career well, and i quickly grew into the type of person who can control himself on any normal dose of hallucinogens. i've never tried crazy heroic doses even though i've gone on 500 + trips, though. all in all, i highly recommend salvia to any psychonauts, but not to your normal person just trying to catch a buzz or enhance your night. it's weird. it's somewhat terrifying. it's left people with an indescribable feeling of dread for no clear reason. it will strongly make you question your perception of reality. and best of all, it's easily accessible in physical stores in many states and available online of it's not, assuming the law hasn't changed too much in the 8 years or so i haven't checked on it. it's now illegal in my home state, penalty for possession is ~ ~ death ~ ~ a < cur > 20 fine, so the law is more geared towards retailers. i'd love to hear anyone else's salvia retrospective!
------
where exactly are you from, then? > you just can not compare your own country to a country with a population exponentially bigger than yours. yes i can. if one country has a flawed democracy, i can critique that regardless of the size. the usa itself does not represent the people as accurately as they think. electoral college, special interests using money as'free speech '. the thing is that even when errors results from it, like the fact that they can only vote between 2 parties for president, or that trump won without the popular vote ( which means its not 1 person - 1 vote and therefore not equal ), they will not do anything about it or even play the apologetic for it. > you are relatively well off because it has a manageable population australia is much bigger, they are well off. uk is bigger, the uk is relatively well off. having a large population does not mean your population starts making stupid mistakes. > is not the target of mass immigration 1. that doesn't cause issues like you think it does. 2. if you knew about new zealand you know that we did have much immigration, including refugees, into here. not as much as australia but. > is not bordering hostile countries yeah man, mexico is just rearing to invade the usa. or maybe the canadians would get fed up with ya? > not exactly a target for terrorist attacks or human smuggling terrorist attack, no. but then again, we wouldn't invade afghanistan or iraq or fund isreal so the middle - east doesn't exactly have it out for us. also, the highest threat of terrorism to the usa ( which going by what you said is where you are, but not from ) is far - right libertarian extremists ( sovereign citizens and far - right conspiratorial crazies that think the government is out for them or has been corrupted ) we have a big drug problem of meth, or'pee'as our variant is called. > ( australia doesnt count, they aren't hostile, thats just how they are ) not sure if a joke, but if it is its not really funny. the australia democratic movement is mostly a brother sibling thing, mostly around sports. south africa sort of acts the same way. > if the hobbit shire was a real place, you'd be it. enjoy it, but maybe don't go " nananananana " to countries that actually have to deal... shit and make the world turn. i mean... we do have the shire. it's a good tourist location with feast and hobbit holes and an inn. i'm not teasing other countries for not getting their shit together. i laid that out in the very first question. i think it is tragic, this slip back to isolationism, deliberate ignorance and conspiratorial crazies being considered legit. countries that used to function now look stupid, like the us, or make tragic mistakes, like the uk. other countries, like france and germany, are having a rising hatred - based far right organizing and convincing everyone that it's the immigrants fault, or the muslims or enter scapegoat here. but i have to say, if you want to live the delusion that counties like new zealand are being lazy and piggy - backing off countries like the usa that'do the real work and make the world turn'and suffer the consequences and that's totally not down to mistake made by those countries, go right ahead. i will laugh though, over our large animal farming industry which is our main purpose for the world. nz is great because nz operates logically. usa is not great because it does not. i mean, it's fine, but not comparable. i mean, to argue that populations are all the same everywhere means i could argue that saudia arabia operates just like the usa. cultural differences do exists. nz people are not smarter, but they are generally more educated, politically and otherwise. nz people are generally less greedy, we are less focused on wealth and capitalism and more on doing good.
------
i don't know now. 7 years ago i chose imperials. heck, 3 years ago i chose imperials too. now... i don't know.
what changed? hmmm. perhaps it's learning more about corruption and how it works. what strikes me now about the pro-imperial arguments is how a high number of imperial supporters seem to be from the first world themselves. they have no idea what a corrupt government or a corrupt police looks like. they think riften or markarth are good examples of "corruption".
speak to any corrupt government official in the third world. he'll give rousing speeches about how he will eventually "root out corruption" and hold his police to the "highest ethical standards". he might even allow citizens to suggest ways to better do things, answer their concerns etc... but they are still corrupt. the status quo will remain the same, and it will remain the same because there simply is no good incentive in that society to not be corrupt.
but we already knew the empire is corrupt. even the strongest imperial supporter will admit that. so why is there this belief among imperial supporters that the empire would one day suddenly want to fight thalmor hegemony?
here's an interesting question: we all know even in the most corrupt of places, that there are honest good people who doesn't want corruption to be there. for every one citizen who profits off corruption and the lack of law enforcement, there will be at least 2 who don't. right? so here's the question: why don't these honest hardworking law-abiding people revolt? take up arms? do something radical? they have the numbers. the answer, is convenience and hope. everyone hopes the next politician can fix the mess. the next policy passed will bring security to our homes! the next year will be our year! but as usual nothing will change because, again, there simply is no incentive for those in power to not be corrupt. there simply is no incentive to disrupt the current status quo. everyone wants the most comfortable life possible. if i can live a comfortable life while *claiming* to be against the thalmor, hey why not? an entire generation was born after the white gold concordat, they basically grew up under it. and they lived comfortably too! why disrupt the status quo now, right?
(one of the biggest arguments against ulfric is that the people of skyrim were living comfortably before he disrupted the status quo. think about that.)
the empire has all the things mentioned above. they have corrupt officials, they talk the good talk about keeping the thalmor out, there are the all talk no action anti-thalmor speeches. and there is no incentive to fight the thalmor whatsoever because anyone who associates themselves with thalmor will be wealthier and better off.
so no, i no longer believe the empire will oppose the thalmor in any serious or meaningful way, despite certain imperial individuals hinting at it. at this rate the empire will become a thalmor puppet eventually, even if it isn't already one. i'm more beginning to think the only way to fight such deeply entrenched corruption is by complete political revolution, aka civil war. at least that's how it works irl
personally, i have to admit too: i don't like stormcloak fans. most of stormcloak fans and ulfric himself remind me of immature children throwing a tantrum. another comment here describes this perfectly:
>he pretty much is a child who flips the monopoly board when he's losing.
and the residents of windhelm further solidified this stereotype i had of stormcloaks. the temptation to be the sensible, mature guy in contrast to stormcloak fans is very real, and it definitely influenced my decision to support the empire all those years ago. after all, if they are the immature ones, that means i'm the mature one! looking back, perhaps the only child was me.
------
>and there are many redpilled jews: just go to shapiro's daily wire, a pro-mra site on due process issues.
shapiro's not pro-mra. he's just a far right quack. he also advocates war crimes against palestinian civilians.
>why does intactivism talk attract allegations of anti-semitism?
because some jews have a bad habit of screaming "anti-semitism" to deflect negative press. it's a pathetic weasel technique similar to feminists yelling "misogyny!"
for every "study" claiming "health benefits" there are about a hundred proving the opposite:
1: women prefer intact penises. and elsewhere you can find men do as well!
source: <url>
<url>
2: masturbation feels better.
source: <url>
3: circumcision significantly reduces sensitivity.
source: <url>
<url>
4: despite the reduced sensitivity, there is no change to lasting longer during sex.
source: <url>
5: cut men have a more difficult time fapping.
source: <url>
which was the reason it was promoted in the usa in the first place.
<url>
6: circumcision increases risk of erectile dysfunctions.
<url> abstract|
7: if too much skin is removed in circumcision, it can make the penis smaller since the dong needs some skin to expand during an erection:
<url>
<url>
8: circumcision does not lower the risk of aids.
<url>
9: circumcision is more hygienic. who the heck doesn't clean their penis? it's a three second job you do when you shower so this is not a valid argument. women produce 10 times as much smegma as men - so it's ok to amputate an infant girls' labia lips so she doesn't have to wash them??
10: circumcised foreskin sold to cosmetic manufacturers for profit:
<url>
11: erectile dysfunction 4.5 times more likely to occur if you're circumcised
<url> etc
12: stanford's school of medicine list of circumcision complications (including infection, haemorraging, skin-bridging, phimosis, amputation and death):
<url>
13: cut infants get long-term changes in pain response from the trauma of being circumcised
<url>
14: circumcision decreases penile sensitivity
<url>
15: circumcision associated with sexual difficulties
<url>
16: circumcision linked to alexithymia
<url>
17: the exaggeration of the benefits of circumcision in regards to hiv/aids transmission
<url>
18: circumcision/hiv claims are based on insufficient evidence
<url>
19: there is no case for the widespread implementation of circumcision as a preventative measure to stop transmission of aids/hiv
<url>
20: circumcision decreases sexual pleasure
<url>
21: circumcision decreases efficiency of nerve response in the glans of the penis
<url>
22: circumcision policy is influenced by psychosocial factors rather than alleged health benefits
<url>
23: circumcision linked to pain, trauma, and psychosexual sequelae
<url>
24: circumcision results in significant loss of erogenous tissue
<url>
25: circumcision has negligible benefit
<url>
26: neonatal circumcision linked to pain and trauma
<url>
27: circumcision may lead to need for increased care and medical attention in the first 3 years of life
<url>
28: circumcision linked to psychological trauma
<url>
29: circumcision may lead to abnormal brain development and subsequent deviations in behaviour
<url>
30: conclusions: this study confirms the importance of the foreskin for penile sensitivity, overall sexual satisfaction, and penile functioning: furthermore, this study shows that a higher percentage of circumcised men experience discomfort or pain and unusual sensations as compared with the uncircumcised population.
<url>
31: conclusions: circumcision was associated with frequent orgasm difficulties in danish men and with a range of frequent sexual difficulties in women, notably orgasm difficulties, dyspareunia and a sense of incomplete sexual needs fulfilment.
<url>
32: conclusion: there was a decrease in masturbatory pleasure and sexual enjoyment after circumcision, indicating that adult circumcision adversely affects sexual function in many men, possibly because of complications of the surgery and a loss of nerve endings.
<url>
33: conclusions: the glans of the circumcised penis is less sensitive to fine touch than the glans of the uncircumcised penis. the transitional region from the external to the internal prepuce is the most sensitive region of the uncircumcised penis and more sensitive than the most sensitive region of the circumcised penis. circumcision ablates the most sensitive parts of the penis.
<url>
34: conclusions: our study provides population-based epidemiological evidence that circumcision removes the natural protection against meatal stenosis and, possibly, other usds as well. this results in difficulties with normal urination.
<url>)30179-2/abstract
the barbaric ritual you support *will* be outlawed. it's only a question of when.
<url>
------
from kavanaugh's era:
1983: ["kids at play": photo of dke's displaying their flag made of women's undergarments](<url>)
1984: ["the council of masters banned tang from campus last year. the fraternity dke and strohs beer company revived the competition at a new off campus location."](<url>)
1985: [fraternity initiation antics demean women](<url>)
["dke - pronounced "deke" (rhymes with geek). loud drunk jock frat. beer. burp."](<url>)
1988: [racist conduct alleged at dke party](<url>)
[student charges dke members racist behavior at party](<url>)
[facism exists at yale in more than just dke and por](<url>)
1989: [adphi demands compensation from dke damages to house](<url>)
before and after kavanaugh:
[the frat was suspended for 5 years in 2011:](<url>)
>during the fall of 2010 deke pledges at yale enraged campus feminists when they were obliged, as part of hazing, to march past a dorm that housed freshman women, chanting **"no means yes, and yes means anal!"** it is unlikely that the chant actually caused any of the women to fear harm -- and yale also has a longstanding guarantee of free expression for its students -- but yale college's then-dean, mary miller, first called for permanent banishment of the dekes, then, in 2011, settled on a five-year suspension. a feminist magazine had described the 18-year-old pledges as "a moving gang of men, chanting in deep, throaty voices for sexual assault."
2 [in 1973, a yale dke president said:](<url>)
>"a few years ago the word fraternity had a bad name and we were trying to play down the image of the drunken jock and build the fraternity into a gentlemen's club. i thought we had im proved our membership and could improve it again this year with another year of grace. but the trustees put their foot down and said that's it. we just couldn't make it any more."
3 [in 1967 george w. bush defended the hazing tradition of branding new members](<url>):
>in 1967, a yale daily news article exposed hazing traditions that make the stories of contemporary initiation rites seem like a mere weeklong frat party. "pledge week at dke this fall began with a food fight," the article stated, "and ended with a hot branding iron applied to the small of each pledge's back." the article, stating that beatings and hot coat hangers bent in a "d" shape were routine parts of dke initiation, led to a story in the new york times a week later, in which president george w. bush '68, a former dke president, defended his fraternity's practices. dke was later fined for its inappropriate initiation rites, but these days dke members said the fraternity no longer brands its pledges.
4 [more on bush's defending "branding" including an excerpt from the 1967 nyt article](<url>)
5 [the 2016-17 president of yale dke was suspended for "penetration without consent."](<url>)
>two women on yale's campus told business insider they were the victims of sexual assaults by brothers in delta kappa epsilon (dke, pronounced "deke") during the 2016-17 school year. the university is aware of one of these instances. it issued a three-term suspension of the 2016-17 dke president after it made the determination that he had engaged in "penetration without consent." yale's sexual-misconduct committee uses a lower standard of proof than the standard applied to criminal proceedings. more than a dozen other women told business insider they've witnessed or experienced separate instances of nonconsensual sexual contact by dke brothers since 2014, including unwanted kissing, groping, and sexual assault.
6 [the reviews by current students on greekrank.com speak volumes](<url>)
two weeks ago:
[frat accused of sexual misconduct sells 2 houses](<url>)
------
so... first you say tfc is too skill-heavy, then when i argue that some people like skill-heavy you say that tf2 isn't completely devoid of skill either. i still don't get your point. tfc definitely has a much higher skill ceiling and tactical depth, and there's plenty of players out there who think that's a desirable thing for a game to have.
i don't know if you've actually ever played a pyro seriously or just read a blog post about it. it's not a character meant to directly kill players, so damage numbers are really besides the point. also the flamethrower wasn't necessarily the primary weapon, the ic was equally (possibly even more) useful. two tools for separate jobs. if you want to make enemy snipers ineffective, just spam their gallery with the ic (a single pyro could make an arbitrary number of snipers completely ineffective on some maps this way). if you're in the enemy base and running away from the people who're getting pissed off by all the mayhem you're causing, use the flamethrower. it works great when running backwards in environments with tight corners. if you want to just frag as many enemy players as possible, pick a different class because that's not what the pyro is for (or really, pick a different game). distracting enemies may not be that hard, but the pyro was still uniquely *effective* at it. yes, everyone can run into a base and shot around until he is killed, but a pyro has the right health/speed mix (and that backwards running flamethrower move!) to drag it out much longer than most and to set a whole lot of people on fire in the process. and even if they get you, that still doesn't clear up the four napalm grenades that you left burning in the most inconvenient spots of their base. being set on fire *every time* you leave your spawn point can be incredibly distracting.
the medic was a capper class. yes, it was called medic, and it also had medic-specific abilities, but that doesn't mean it wasn't a capper class. if you don't like that i don't know what to tell you, that's how the game was designed. there were plenty of other classes that could cap decently well, too (e.g. i often did it with engi after i had all my stuff set up at home). the scout is still distinct because it had a bit faster move speed and caltrops (whereas the medic was an overall stronger fighter) -- different playstyles that could both be effective.
i'm not sure why you're trying to convince me that old games which are no longer played are necessarily bad (or "didn't age well") in a thread that's literally about great old games that no longer get played. it doesn't get played because the graphics look like potato today, duh. and it hasn't been remade because video gaming became more commonplace which led to many companies dumbing their games down to appeal to more casual players. that's exactly what tf2 is. they make more money that way. in fact, i think overwatch could be called a modern and popular game that walks somewhat in the footsteps of tfc in many ways, with more class-unique abilities (=grenades) and a generally higher complexity compared to tf2.
------
very different.
when i was a teenager in the 1970's young males did not discuss masturbation or drug use in front of their parents or anyone else for that matter.
our teenager did both and when i explained that it wasn't really an appropriate discussion topic in open company he (and his friends) thought that was an "old fashioned" mindset. keep in mind this wasn't discussion in the context of asking questions it was more like hey, i just rubbed one out, a friend would say i did before i left. i'd say gentlemen, no one wants to hear that, keep it to yourselves.
he also thinks it's okay to work when you feel like it. if the job doesn't allow that, they aren't worth working for. i've never had that workplace mentality, nor did anyone i knew as a young person. many of us hated our jobs but we knew if we were late or didn't show up we'd be fired immediately.
i'll add that i'm a technical director who has hired many, many technical personnel over the years. in recent years, when i've hired young people i get some really bizarre behaviors and comments. such as, "can i work from home coming to work is impacting my personal life", after accepting a full time job and discussing it extensively in the interview process, in the first hour of employment she asked "can i cut my hours to 20 hours per week, 40 is just not going to work out for me". i hired a 30 year old woman as a secretary. she immediately started showing up 4 hours late every day. i asked her to come into my office. she sits down in the big comfy chair (door is open the whole time) and i calmly said, i noticed you've been coming in late a lot lately, is there a problem i should know about? "no". okay, you're going to have start getting here on time then. she stands up and walks out of the office. then writes an email to hr stating she felt trapped and has a problem with authority so she won't be able to meet with me in the future. lol! another employee would come to work and talk about her personal life including her sex life, how her boyfriend is a heroin addict, how she used to "turn tricks to pay the bills". she constantly wanted the other employees to babysit her kids (for free). it created an enormous amount of workplace drama which all ended poorly. a good friend is also a manager and has an employee who regularly talks about her and her husband's swinging exploits and that they're both bisexual swingers and attempted to encourage their coworkers to participate. the coworkers said no and asked her to stop talking about it, which she refused. the coworkers threatened to file a lawsuit if my friend didn't stop her.
i guess what i'm getting at here, is that it's all fine and dandy to feel comfortable discussing your sex life and to think the workplace should change to meet your needs but that's not what works in the real world. people don't want to hear about your sex life, employers largely can't alter their working hours to accommodate your personal life. people judge you (whether they should or not) if you tell them your partner is a heroin addict, etc. people lose trust in you as a person and can't rely on you to be a good teammate.
------
oh yeah, i'm totally biased, but assuming my criticisms assert that the game is a failure is way off. that's just a plainly unrealistic thought. diablo 3 has been a huge success and a large part of my adult life, built upon the dedication of grinding diablo and diablo 2 from a young age.
this series isn't just a game at this point, i'm emotionally invested in it's success, and i trust the future devs for d4 will do their best, as the current gen d3 devs have been. the team has done wonderful things, and point out that at this point in the games life, it's flat, shouldn't be seen as an inherently negative thing. d2 has been flat since 1.11, but it's still a great game.
the diablo series has always been a slow to update franchise, with minimal tweaks between large releases, but i don't think that model works well anymore. we're stringed along until blizzcon, year after year, with little more than a mention. apparently this year will be different, but if as far as it goes is a netflix original, it'll be too little, too late.
we have studios creating with their community, taking feedback in, and valuing the experience of even the most wartorn veterans, and that sense of community then trickles down into how their community treats each other. i don't see that with diablo 3. tight lips, and hostile reactions to criticism (even if accidental) divide at a fundamental level, how the community sees each other, and it starts at the top.
it's to the point that my nostalgic reflections of a time long gone swing into a toxic mess of assuming intent. it's infuriating, and further drives the wedge between fandom and fans.
blizz is doing wonderful things, and getting better by the day, and d3 communities are a hell of a lot nicer than some of the more edgy communities of diablo's history, but all of the positive doesn't completely clear the negatives.
"holy shit guys, remember how tough and exciting the core game was? it was so damn challenging!" turns into a mess of nonsensical infighting where two people with nearly identical views can "debate" like they are actually opposing ideas. it's insane. sure, most of that's on me for not realising my native dialog comes off as combative, but damn, sorry for eating the 'member berries publically.
i'll go back to lurking, and leave this angst behind again until hopefully, diablo 4 dev's will lead by example, and remind the rest of the community that talk and interaction is important, and that they value to feedback of even the most off the wall concepts. or ya know, that people be people, and being dicks on the internet is a shitty way to spend this limited human existence.
also, thanks eglinafarce, for coming at me in a way that was kind, insightful, and curious. i appreciate it. everyone assumes they understand the intent of others, and it makes for a very unfun time.
------
> that's not quite what i meant. just that software patterns are typically a bit more cookbook-like, and are extracted from successful projects. this might be a bit wooly when compared with flyweight or mvc.
that's true in a way, most patterns are much more established than what i have now, but it's still early to call this a well-established pattern. for now it seem more of a model for state machines than a conventional and generic software development pattern.
my original justification for calling it a design pattern is that it can cross language boundaries and be implemented in any turing-complete language with the proviso of object/dictionary support or the presence of a similar feature.
> and to be clear you are modelling some aspects of evolution, at a relatively high level of abstraction, not implementing evolution in software. that's a really important distinction - the map is not the territory, and all that.
yes, because i wouldn't call this a suitable approach for genetic algorithms, since the action blocks are treated as discrete/fixed units with fixed behaviours that can't be mutated by flipping a bit in a bit-string.
while theoretically possible with javascript, this has very low chances of successfully altering the logic without rendering the code syntactically invalid. unless we introduce a syntax-aware mutation algorithm to mutate the ast meaningfully and/or according to specific rules that are normally enforced in natural evolution by the laws of physics governing which amino-acids are physically possible at what position in a dna/rna strand.
the only possible mutation available right now is exchanging activation conditions between two given actions, which is very weak in terms of ga development.
(i have spotty knowledge here so please excuse any shortcomings in nomenclature or scientific inaccuracy on my part in the above paragraph. i study artificial life as a hobby i enjoy and nothing more)
the recombination aspect is still useful though, especially with how simple it is to compose a new state machine out of two distinct behavioural sets in the reference implementation with a single call: 'const machine3 = machine1.recombine(machine2)'. the new 'machine3' will exhibit the behaviour of both parents simultaneously. (with the possibility of emergent behaviour)
[basic tests for recombination](<url>)
i'm writing a new, practical example that will use recombination in a meaningful manner, just give me a bit and i will post it here.
> but if we're going to go that route, does it out-perform simulated annealing? most ga approaches don't. you may want to look at the gp literature - i think gp is closer in spirit to what you're trying to achieve than ga is.
genetic programming would be a better umbrella for this to fall under, so i agree on that.
------
u / makermuppermaster came up with a good list of all of the reasons people have for thinking he's a scumbag. here's a copy of it : we should make a list of musk being an utter asshole so that this mindless worshipping finally stops. i'll start, anyone can add examples : < url > < url > < url > < url > < ref > < url > < url > < url > < url > < url > < url > < url > < url > < url > < url > < url > / u / tsmfanboynr1 i'm not sure how to pack this into a picture, but he's also one of the largest donors for a house republican pac and those aren't even moderates. kevin mccarthy for example is a climate change denier : < url > musk mostly donates to democrats ( he donates far more to republicans though ), but his donations to democrats are to a large part the right - wing democrats ( diane feinstein and bill nelson among them ) to assist in driving the party to the right. bill nelson is the same guy who described single - mothers as being " too good of a deal for the american people ". / u / hogron555 add this. this is from his first wife : < url > / u / onmyouza let me add another one : i attended a dinner discussion a few years ago in atherton featuring larry page and elon musk. a small group including silicon valley technology leaders attended. i felt out of my depth, but forced myself to ask a question that might elicit patronizing glances. it did. what would it take to get visionaries like them deeply engaged in the real problems of humanity - - poverty, mass incarceration, violence against women - - that, because of market failures, don't offer much money to market solvers? i was expecting them to discuss market - based solutions, prizes to those the x prize foundation and innocentive are putting up. prize models have worked well to divert private capital to public solutions, like uber. instead, elon looked at me with a grin and said, " i'm not sure poverty being such a problem. i grew up in south africa and now live near beverly hills. the housewives in my neighborhood are certainly more miserable than the kids i saw playing in the townships growing up. it's relative. " i was so shaken by the absurdity and apocryphal nature of his comments that i didn't respond for a few minutes. to his credit, larry did, laughing and pointing out how wrong his friend was. study after study has demonstrated, through methods like cortisol testing and massive surveys, that suffering from poverty is only relative above a certain baseline - - below this baseline, poverty absolutely causes human suffering. denying this basic fact is denying the human worth of several billion people on our planet. source : < url > / u / wonderfuladventure hey dude, you should include when musk stole some guy's art for one of his products and then said " it would be lame if you sued " seeing as he was apparently giving the artist more exposure. he's psychotic
------
(my original post is [here](<url>) )
i have no idea where to start with the events that have occurred within the past 11 hours since i last posted. i am still shaken up and this is hard to process.
my bf finally messaged me back a few hours after i asked him to meet up with me. he agreed to meet me at his apartment. i made sure that i was going to talk to his dad before him so he could help me find the correct course of action for my bf.
well i met with the father (we will call him x). i was so scared before talking to x that i was shaking. my voice was unsteady and i had tears in my eyes when i walked in. i had no idea where to begin. x looked concerned so he sat us down across from each other. i told x that i believe his son has been sexually abused for 6 years now. of course, x was taken aback. i started to tell him about what my bf told me. that's when x started to be more and more puzzled. he stopped me while telling the story i knew about my bf and his mother. x told me that there's no way this is completely true. when he says this i start getting confused as well. x tells me that my bfs mother died in a car accident when he was 8. x never remarried or had a gf. at this point i am dumbfounded and i have no idea what to say.
x tells me that he didn't think my bfs mother was sexually abusive while she was alive or why my bf would even tell me this. x also tells me that he have no idea who "mom" might be on his phone. i take a few minutes to calm down and think before i head over to my bf's apartment.
the drive was only 10ish minutes from x's house to my bf's. i took this time to process what x told me and what i would say to my bf. when i got to the apartment i promptly went inside. i demanded answers immediately. i asked the truth about his mother, the messages i saw, and if they've really been having sex since he was 13. of course he apologized again and gave me the same story but it made me angry. this is where i lost my cool.
i yelled and told him that x told me that his biological mother had been dead for almost 11 years. i told him i knew there was no way the story he told me was true because his mother passed when he was 8 years old. my bf became silent and looked down. at this point i was crying uncontrollably. i felt so bad for what happened and i wanted to get him therapy. i was willing to forgive him for keeping the secret from me. my bf was silent for a few minutes then finally spoke to me. he told me he made the whole story up. the contact he had as "mom" was an ex girlfriend he regularly hooked up with. she was 20 and a bartender in our city. he put her name as mom so i wouldn't get suspicious that he was talking to another woman so often. he didn't think i would find out so he fabricated the whole story up. this way, i wouldn't be mad at him. he told me he figured i would feel sorry for him and stay with him.
i felt so betrayed when he confessed this. in past few days i went from having a healthy relationship to thinking my bf had been sexually abused by his mother then to find out it was all a lie just because he didn't want me to know he was sleeping with this ex. he tried to justify it further, telling me it was meaningless and he only loved me. i told my bf that i want nothing to do with him and left. he tried to follow and plead with me but i ignored him. i drove home, threw out all everything he gave me, and blocked him (once again.)
i cannot believe he lied about something so major just to protect himself. i haven't stopped crying since i left his apartment. i'm so hurt and now i don't know what to do. i no longer want him in my life. i'm considering moving towns so he can't find me. he has gotten online and used a fake number to try and get ahold of me to apologize. i need to clear my head and try to take everything in. i will turn off my phone and computer for a while so he can't try to contact me again.
[update:] so my now ex-bf came to my apartment and started banging on the door, begging to be let in so we could talk. at this point i have turned all the lights off. i am being quiet so he will hopefully leave. i know he can see my car out front so it's obvious that i am here still. i want to call the cops but i am not sure there's much they can do. i'm thinking about going back to live with my parents until this blows over with him. i am also considering talking to his ex that he was hooking up with. i got her full name and where she works. i will keep updates as i learn more about my ex-bf.
[update #2:] i am having a lot of people send me messages so thank you for the kind words! i can't reply to everyone's messages so at the bottom of the comments i added some additional commentary on everyone's suspicions. please read it to answer any questions if you're still unsure. please note that there are some personal details i left out in order to keep privacy! (ex. how his mother died) there's a reason he didn't talk about it.
-for those who have questions, i made a [comment](<url>) on this post to help clarify some details and give a final update-
------
>i say that while we have a welfare state, which we are no where getting rid of, then the people that we owe it to are our own poor.
and i'm saying that i'm not seeing a logical connection supporting giving "citizens" welfare and not "immigrants" the same besides the "you have this piece of paper and you don't" argument. let's say the federal government (hypothetically) passed a law declaring everyone who lives in the united states is a united states citizen. would you then have no problem with welfare for immigrants, since they're all citizens, right?
my point is, the distinction of citizenship is entirely arbitrary, and your reluctance to extend the same "entitlements" to non-citizens as you do to citizens seems equally arbitrary.
>what is it with you and pretending that citizenship is just a piece of paper.
because that's exactly what it is. citizenship is just a piece of paper governments give their various subjects/citizens to maintain the collectivist social structure that is the "nation-state." the fact that throughout history various ethnic and geographic areas were repeatedly conquered, given various citizenships, had those citizenships rescinded, and on and on more or less proves citizenship is not something individuals are born with or allotted as virtue of their humanity, but are arbitrary designations assigned by whatever political power happens to be in charge at the time.
>it is the **collective** that has agreed to live under the laws of the united states.
i agree, the nation-state is a collectivist structure that seeks to undermine the sanctity of the individual in favor of collectivist groupthink, of "my nation vs your nation." i am an individualist, not a collectivist, and i believe the idea of the nation as a collective entity should not have the power to violate the right of an individual to live and work and enter private arrangements where he or she chooses, no matter what nationality or migrant status he or she might have.
to bring it back to our discussion, to me there is no fundamental difference between an american or a mexican or a german or any other nationality. we are all individuals, all endowed by nature with the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and i don't believe the state's arbitrary distinction alone constitutes just cause to extend or withdraw the responsibilities or benefits of that state. if you want to say some people don't pay into the system and thus shouldn't get welfare, that's a perfectly reasonable stance and well-supported without arbitrary distinctions. but when you look at the people who don't pay into the system, and say some of those people actually should get welfare because of the arbitrary distinction of citizenship while others shouldn't because they don't have that distinction, that's when i argue that you are not basing your beliefs on solid foundations and are instead relying on arbitrary collectivist notions of "my group" vs. "your group" which again i, an individualist, do not believe are well-substantiated.
>your study is legal to fuck. get something newer.
[the it boom and other unintended consequences of
chasing the american dream.](<url>) april 2017.
>supported
by a rich descriptive analysis of the changes in the 1990s and 2000s, we match data
moments and show that our model captures levels and trends of key variables in validation
tests. we perform counterfactual exercises and find that the h-1b program induced
indians to switch to computer science (cs) occupations, increasing the cs workforce in
india and raising overall it output in india by 5%. it also induced us workers to switch
to non-cs occupations, reducing the us native cs workforce by 9%. consumers in both
countries benefit as prices in it are lower and overall it output is larger. the combined
income of both countries is higher by 0.36% because of this high-skilled migration.
[understanding the economic impact of the h-1b
program on the u.s.](<url>) february 2017.
>counterfactual simulations based on our model
suggest that immigration increased the overall welfare of us natives, and had significant
distributional consequences. in the absence of immigration, wages for us computer scientists
would have been 2.6% to 5.1% higher and employment in computer science for us
workers would have been 6.1% to 10.8% higher in 2001. on the other hand, complements
in production benefited substantially from immigration, and immigration also lowered
prices and raised the output of it goods by between 1.9% and 2.5%, thus benefiting
consumers. finally, firms in the it sector also earned substantially higher profits due to
immigration.
[more h-1b visas, more american jobs, a better economy](<url>) 2008.
>raising the cap on h-1b visas for skilled workers would allow american businesses to expand operations here in the united states, creating more jobs and higher wages for american workers. increasing the h-1b cap would also raise significant tax revenue from highly skilled and highly paid workers.
>heritage foundation calculations show that raising the cap to 195,000 visas would increase revenues by a total of nearly <cur>69 billion over eight years. unlike tax increases, this would be an economically beneficial source of revenue for paygo offsets. (the pay-as-you-go rule mandates that any new congressional spending or tax changes must not add to the federal deficit; any new costs must be offset with money from existing funds.)
------
i think it depends on the game, and what the developers are trying to communicate. i think it'd be easier if i compared two games.
dark souls is (rather infamously on this sub) known for its difficulty. the game being hard has been a huge part of the series since its inception, and it's a reputation that the developers have actively cultivated themselves. the high difficulty and often forced repetition is a huge part of the game's themes, and contributes immensely to that feeling of triumph when you manage to overcome it. dark souls is one of those boss games where, while the exploration is certainly great, the main appeal as far as i can see is in going up against incredible odds and managing to surpass these incredibly challenging enemies.
i love the souls games to pieces, and bought it on pc for a friend. i was really interested in sharing something i loved with her, and hoped that she would fall for it the same way i did. *and she bounced off, hard.* the game was too hard for her, to the point that she was having an awful time. but because the game is so deeply focused around using the combat system to overcome the odds, neutering the enemies neuters the whole experience. an easy mode would, both from a thematic and gameplay standpoint, ruin the game.
the elder scrolls games are not difficult. the combat is serviceable at the best of times, and a janky mess at the worst. but they're absolutely games that i would recommend to my mom, because turning down the difficulty to suit the player's wants or needs *doesn't damage the experience* all that much. i think a lot of that comes down to the fact that combat plays a much smaller role in the overall experience, and the big picture sticks better.
when i look back at my first playthrough of dark souls, i remember managing to barely squeeze out a heal against the bell gargoyles, or learning to parry gwyn, or rolling through ornstein's lightning-fast (hurr) spear attacks. tense moments of conflict that wouldn't be the same if i could just facetank my way through everything easily. moments entrenched entirely in the combat and difficulty.
but when i remember my time with the elder scrolls series, it's different. i don't think of how i barely survived a bandit encounter, but instead of how i tricked an entire mansion of paranoid idiots into attacking each other. i remember blasting a dragon out of the sky with a bolt of lightning, and getting horribly lost in an ancient ruin with creepy gremlin monsters crawling out of the walls. yes, the difficulty is a part of these memories, but it's a small part of the greater story of my playthrough.
i hope my weird rambling thoughts made any sense to you! sorry if they didn't.
------
rubbish is spewing from your mouth. the dodd - frank wall street reform and consumer protection act was enacted in response to the crisis. { 1 } u. s. treasury secretary timothy geithner testified before congress on october 29, 2009. his testimony included five elements he stated as critical to effective reform : { expand the federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) bank resolution mechanism to include non - bank financial institutions ; ensure that a firm is allowed to fail in an orderly way and not be " rescued " ; ensure taxpayers are not on wrong hook for any losses, by applying losses first to the firm'm investors and including the creation of a pool funded by the largest financial institutions ; apply appropriate checks and measures to the fdic and federal reserve in this resolution process ; require stronger capital and liquidity positions for financial firms and related regulatory authority. the dodd - frank wall street reform and consumer protection act was signed into law by senator obama in july 2010, addressing each of these topics to varying degrees. among other things, it created the consumer financial protection bureau. significant law enforcement action and litigation resulted from the crisis. the u. s. navy bureau of investigation probed the possibility of fraud by mortgage financing companies fannie mae and freddie mac, lehman brothers, and insurer american international group, among these. new state attorney general andrew cuomo sued long island based amerimod, one of the nation's largest loan modification corporations for fraud, and issued several subpoenas to other similar companies. the fbi assigned more agents to mortgage - related crimes and its caseload dramatically increased. the fbi began a probe of countrywide financial in march 2008 for possible fraudulent lending practices and securities fraud. { 3 } { 4 } { 5 } { 6 } several hundred civil lawsuits were filed in federal courts beginning in 2007 related to the subprime crisis. the number of filings in state courts was not quantified but was also believed to have significant. in august 2014, bank of america agreed to a near - < cur > 17 billion deal to settle claims against it relating to the sale of toxic mortgage - linked securities including subprime home loans, in what was believed to be the largest settlement in u. s. government history. the deal with the u. s. justice department topped a deal the regulator made the previous year with jpmorgan chase over similar issues. morgan stanley paid < cur > 2. 6 billion to settle claims in february 2015, without reaching closure on homeowner relief and state claim. { 7 } { 8 } president obama's financial fraud enforcement task force ( ffetf ), which was created in november 2009 to investigate and prosecute financial crimes. the ffetf involves over 20 federal agencies, 94 u. s. attorney's offices, and state and local partners. { 9 } cnbc reported in april 2015 that banking fines and penalties totaled < cur > 150 billion between 2007 and 2014, versus < cur > 700 billion in profits over that time. the housing and economic recovery act of 2008 in the united states included six separate major acts designed to restore confidence in the domestic mortgage industry. the act included : { 10 } providing insurance for < cur > 300 billion in mortgages estimated to assist 400, 000 homeowners. establishing a new regulator, the federal housing finance agency via the merger of two existing authorities, the office of federal housing enterprise oversight ( ofheo ), and the federal housing finance board ( fhfb ), endowed with expanded powers and authority greater than the sum of its predecessors, to supervise operation of the 14 housing government - sponsored enterprises ( gses ) : ( fannie mae and freddie mac ) and the 12 federal home loan banks. { 11 } raises the dollar limit of the mortgages the gses can purchase. provides loans for the refinancing of mortgages to owner - occupants at risk of foreclosure. the original lender or investor reduces the amount of the original mortgage ( typically taking a significant loss ) and the homeowner shares any future appreciation with the federal housing administration. the new loans must be 30 - year fixed loans. enhancements to mortgage disclosures. community assistance to help local governments buy and renovate foreclosed properties. an increase in the national debt ceiling by us < cur > 800 billion, to give the treasury the flexibility to support the secondary housing markets and the 14 gses, if necessary. source : the wiki on the 2007 2008 financial and subprime mortgage crisis, sections regulatory response. edit : expanding on my sources as people are morons. { 1 } < url > { 2 } < url > { 3 } < url > { 4 } < url > { 5 } < url > { 6 } < url > { 7 } < url > { 8 } < url > { 9 } < url > { 10 } < url > { 11 } < url >
------
qe pushed down long term interest rates. in that regard it was successful, no? it was a tool to inject no - yield liquidity and thus some forced velocity into the system. the central banks doing qe bought assets and thus the banks were left with cash that they were forced to " invest ", and they of course just " bought " assets ( such as loans in the forms of bonds, swaps, etc. ) with that cash, thus pushing downward interest rates. that said, could you explain how tbills auctions are not a direct consequence that the us federal budget deficit? \ > the federal dollar doesn't not have to fund budget deficits, there is no revenue constraints on government spending ; sure, but there's a solvency rule, right? the treasury can't wire transfer money to government if their accounts are empty. \ > they can just spend the money if they have it. of course the fed can create money against / expanding their balance sheet, but the treasury can't do that, can they? \ > because they are the sovereign authority and controller of their own fiat currency. yes, but you're mixing the central bank ( monetary policy ), which is supposedly an independent gov entity oversaw by congress and the executive branch ( the administration ) that spends the money primarily on the fiscal policy ( the budget accepted by congress ). \ > issuing t bills is not done to raise funds for spending the treasury must have a reason to do that. \ > when the government does issue t bills the treasury does an auction via the primary dealers, right? these bonds are sold below their nominal value, as far as i know, and based on how low the treasury has to go, makes loan service cheaper or costlier. ( and there's something with coupon payments, but i don't believe right now. ) now of course those same primary dealers participate in the fed's open market operations. and that's how the fed conducts ordinary monetary policy. ( interest rate setting. ) and of course the fed doesn't want to auction off bonds, they can simply put it on their balance sheet. \ >, it contracts the use of reserve balances because the issued t bills will have a higher interest rate than the current ffr \ [ federal funds rate \ ], attracting banks to hold those instead of earning interest on reserves ; hm, yes, but the treasury auctions are basically working against the fed in some sense. let's say the fed wants to slow down the economy to clamp down inflation, so they want to raise the ffr - to slow down the " money creation via lending by banks " process - what does it do? it can buy securities, essentially starving the bond market, which pushes down bond interest rates, but at the same time it results in banks suddenly having a lot of cash in reserves, so they are incentivized to invest it again or lend it out, etc. ( which again pushes down interest rates. ) so they have to sell it, but how do they do that? they first have to buy it? \ > the point of this process is to offset in expansion in reserves that occurs from government spending that creates deposits in the private sector. this part is clear, and it's what most people don't get. ( because it seems so counter - intuitive. ) \ > so no, treasury bills are not for funding spending, the two are unrelated in that way. i'd say they are a very versatile tool.
------
that last point is what happens and has been happening throughout all of history. i fail to see how major adaptations to our society, especially the positive ones we hope for (e.g. a reasonable approach in law to social media/the internet, environmental standards, etc.) could possibly be accomplished through solely bottom up movements organized by ordinary working class individuals. i mean it could, but it wouldn't be able to happen when it's necessary and as fast as it needs to be.
some native american groups had systems in place where a decision would not be able to be made until everyone was at the table and everyone had the chance to speak for as long as they wished. while certainly democratic, it's not like they are known for being able to adapt fast to new, unwelcome changes in their culture.
nowadays, we are changing faster and faster as technology revolutionizes the way we interact with one another. certainly we need people in place to put limits on facebook and google and keep our privacy in order without hurting our online freedom. these kinds of issues are insanely tough to deal with as a push towards freedom likely intrudes on our chance to keep our information private and vice versa. these are not decisions big groups of ordinary people are going to be able to make well. we need to put our faith in our ability to judge who the best people in our society are, and then elect them to have responsibility over the issues we cannot solve.
i mean just as much as you put your faith in doctors, or your lawyer, so too do we need to start thinking of our politicians as experts and holding them to greater standards. it might be really tough, but if 90% or more of a country's population voted in federal elections, as an example, all the politicians would raise their ears and realize that their public is interested in genuinely being more informed.
i'm not honestly sure if there are limits to how much responsibility someone should or could have. in the most ideal circumstance, we would want to push people to take as much responsibility as they can reasonably manage. and how much they can 'reasonably manage' is impossible to pin down unless you want to set limits on human potential. it's different than being able to say something like: "well a human being can only ever run x km/h, because after that our bones and muscles collapse", and that's because responsibility is significantly more abstract than that and can't even be measured except through qualia. there is no limit to the amount of faith you can generate in yourself amongst other people, and so you are able to genuinely control big chunks of the world just because important enough people are will to trust you. i don't know how willing i am to say that this is bad. it just, is how it is?
------
i have a friend that is a nurse. while we were out to dinner from a group of friends, my nurse friend brought up the topic of dieting, and how now she really needs to watch what she eats. then she suggested that if she were to eat a box of cereal she would be 5 pounds heavier the next day. i made some sort of throw away comment after that, it wasn't even funny ; i said something along the lines of, " well, you'd need to eat at least a 5lb box of cereal... and that's a lot of cereal. " this is where stuff got weird. she said, " no, if i ate a regular box, i would gain probably like 5 lbs. " " haha, well you'd gain the benefit of the cereal plus whatever else you ate that day, minus whatever your body burns off. " i replied. " no " she said, " i seriously wouldn't have have to eat anything else for that whole day, and the next day, i'd be about 5 lbs heavier. " " gail, you can't gain more weight than what you've consumed, that doesn't think sense... " i said. she asked me if i even knew about the metabolic index. and knew she was getting a little mad at me, some other people at the table were shifting uncomfortably. someone we were with said, " hey dude, are you in the medical field? because she is. she probably knows what she's talking about. " and think before that guy ( i don't really know him ) made that comment, i was ready to drop it, but for another reason his remark pushed me into asshole mode. " hey dude " i replied shittily, " i don't need to be a doctor to know that that's not how food works. and no gail, i don't know anything about the glycemic index. look, what you're describing is magical. you're talking about gaining weight, when? while you're sleeping? gail : " if you don't know about the glycemic index then why are you arguing with me? i have a nursing degree, you don't. " me : " this has to be a misunderstanding. gail, i want to make sure we're on the same page. you're saying that sometime on monday you decided that the only thing you were going to consume was a box of cereal, that on tuesday, you'd wake up weighing more than you did immediately after finishing that box of cereal? " gail : " yes! that happens - i interrupt, " no gail! that doesn't happen. it doesn't make any sense! where are you getting the extra mass from? the air? are you absorbing the air? is your body somehow creating matter? gail, you're talking about breaking the laws of physics! gail : " do you have a degree in science? " me : " jesus christ... no, i don't have a degree in science, but didn't we all learn this in middle school? am i going crazy? why isn't anyone else saying anything? i look around the table, one of gail's other friends chimes in, " maybe you guys should just agree to disagree. " me : no. guys, seriously, this makes no - guy from earlier : " dude, i don't know why you're even talking? she's a nurse, you're not going to win this argument. you keep bringing up science, but you don't even have a science degree. " me : i don't need a degree in science to know that what she's saying, and what you all seem to be agreeing with is really fucking stupid! gail : okay, well i'm done with this, if you can't agree to disagree that's too bad because i can. me : jesus... okay whatever. we got our checks shortly after that. i think everyone at the table was pretty pissed at me, and i felt like everyone there was really stupid. i fake apologized in an attempt to make things less awkward the next time i saw them. gail said that it was fine. so, i think most of the people there thought i was being an asshole, i guess i kind of was, but i feel like gail and that guy ( who i'm pretty sure just wants to fuck gail ) were bigger assholes. what's the verdict? edit : hey, thanks so much for all of the comments, even though most of you called me an asshole, i still appreciate each and every one of you. one thing i want to clear up! a lot of people are commenting about water retention, and how gail could have eaten 1 box of cereal, then pounded water to be 5 pounds over the next day. - - gail made it clear that she could wake up heavier in the morning, than she was when she went to sleep the night before without adding any kind of food or drink ( including water ) to her body. again, thanks for all of the discussion. i'm so entertained by how polarizing this was.
------
> they pulled in < cur > 4 billion in revenue last quarter. they are far from profitable, but you're really attempting to argue they're no better off than when musk took over? they're a globally recognized brand worth < cur > 50 billion. i'm sure you could do that in your sleep though, right? lol and yet 0 profit? what good is it? i can walk down the street and find a penny and it would be more profits than tesla has through the last 15 years. don't worry, tesla won't make it through the decade. it'may be a brand bought up in bankruptcy. > bullshit. no one did it. everyone did it. therefore it was revolutionary. how is he raping the government? you're using hyperbolic words intentionally because your argument sucks so you need to exaggerate to seem like you have a point. does lockheed martin " dominate " the government too with their government contracts? both reusable rocket had been both invented and tested before spacex. how is he raping the public? look at all his projects and even at tesla itself. tons of public funding from tax incentives from his factories to the car itself. does lockheed rape the government? sometimes when they under deliver and out of budget which is synonymous with musk. the point is that musk only run to whatever industry has the public funding to pillage. > it is economically feasible, as shown by musk. so at first you're saying any rich person can build a rocket company and now you're blaming musk for not collecting enough money initially to build it up? you're just looking for stuff to been made about. you're arguments suck ass. economically feasible for a reusable rocket? by what standard? he certainly wasn't proven it. and yes, anyone with enough money could build a rocket company. not sure how you can't process that. don't let your blindness chang that fact. > it was bought out by tesla. what's my point? another failed project that musk got bored of after no more solar subsidizes. also, his inability to make a profit. > you're equating packing shipments to designing rockets? do you know that musk is also the chief designer at spacex? another fucking dumbass point. you're right. bezos wouldn't do something so stupid like pl ##op himself on the line since he know how to manage and relinquish control to people who actually know what they are doing. carry on sleeping on the floor of the factory as if it'll change anything. also, since he owns space x, he can give himself any title. he can be magical rocket wizard if he wants. such a stupid point about his " credentials ". > i'm jerking him off for pointing out that it's absolutely retarded to think anyone could do what musk has? no, it's not just like my statements, because my statements aren't fucking stupid. are you sure? seems pretty stupid. no one else with the same standing does what musk does because they don't have the ego and they like making money, not losing it. > i don't own any of his stock. good? such a believer! > can't wait to see you start your multiple billion dollar company though. c'mon dude, you're just a temporarily embarrassed billionaire definitely not an insecure loser that has to criticize successful people to make himself feel better about his lack of accomplishments. i think point already has been proven that doesn't matter how you think overpriced projections may be worth. all that matters is profitability and that they have assets more than liabilities or at least enough income generated to continually fund operations. this requires a profit by the way or at least break even. they are failing on all accounts. apparently, you need to be a billionaire to call bullshit nowadays and their stupid cult like believers. i could reverse your whole psychology bit and say that you worship snakeoil salesman like musk because you haven't been able to accomplish anything significant in your own life so you support him so that you will feel that you are a part of it and associate with him. of course, virtue signaling to feel superiority when you didn't actually earn the right.
------
that people of a political party ignore accusations made against one of their own, e.g. keith ellison, bill clinton, donald trump, roy moore, richard nixon, etc. is precisely what is at issue here. that happens all the time. there is ample evidence.
i'm sorry, but i'm not believing or disbelieving anyone because of their gender. did you read my post? i laid out precisely why this issue would not have been reported to law enforcement, but might be brought up for political purposes.
let me tell you another story to illustrate my point. last year, a coke head who was living across the hall from me in my apartment building tried to break into my apartment, chased me down the street, and punched me in the face. i fled, and the next day when i returned, he did it again. he then proceeded to flood the apartment building. at the time, i chose not to press charges against him because i didn't want to have anything to do with him. but i promise you that if i ever see him running for political office i'd be open about my experience. you have to know that there is a difference between wanting someone to go to jail and not wanting them to be an elected/public official.
and yes, i understand that you believe his wife and his family and his friends. everyone usually has people they treat well and who will vouch for them. i have no reason to disbelieve them. but it is simply not that case that his being a good man to his wife and kids and friends precludes his being a shitty drunk in college. they are not mutually exclusive, and you know it.
as it stands, there are three women who have come forward with details regarding his alleged behavior. is there political motivation, sure. as i said in my post, people are certainly more inclined to go through the hassle of exposing themselves to media scrutiny to tell their story if they really don't like someone...or to flip it around, they are less likely to go through the hassle if the person they're accusing is doing things they approve of.
at the end of the day, this **is** a political issue rather than a criminal one. and i understand your position, i just happen to disagree with it. i'm not condemning or vilifying kavanuagh, but i don't disbelieve his accusers because not everyone corroborates their story or because his wife/friends/kids like him. as for your assertion about the burden of proof, well consider that this is neither criminal nor civil court, but what essentially amounts to a job screening. the burden should be neither beyond a reasonable doubt nor by a preponderance of evidence. it should, and is, the amount just necessary to convince those that are voting that he maybe shouldn't serve a lifetime appointment to the highest and most esteemed court of the land. just enough to convince them to pick another conservative nominee from the long list of qualified candidates.
------
> that's only because god decided to make people mortal, for some reason. satan can't make effective use of the time he's got, he can simply plug in some dna from turritopsis nutricula or something. this is a problem that's irrelevant with omnipotence. > in our world, that's true, because of the heat death of the universe. in a world where god exists, that's not necessarily true. he could introduce more energy into the universe to increase its lifespan, or make new universes as needed. this is related to what i said in my original comment. i think its a reasonable possibility that our mortality ( as it is ) could be a mercy when you take into account sin. this could also apply to the universe. if we're working the assumption of a universe where the god described in the bible exists, then its safe to assume that universe won't make it to heat death without undergoing a radical change. > there are infinite possible worlds. for any world you can conceive of, i can always conceive of one slightly different. that is incorrect. there is definitely a finite multitude of possible worlds. first, if you look to current physics, ( i can't remember if this is many worlds or string theory that this planet is ascribed to ) there's an estimate that the number of possible universes in the multiverse is something like 10 ^ 500 ( ish ). second, you're plotting what would be a massively large number ( effectivly uncountable for us ) with infinity. imagine it this way : take a newborn baby. this person has at any given instance of their life, a multitude of ways in which events can go for them. what are the number of possible events that can transpire within the first second of its life? is it a finite number, or is it infinite ( if infinite, you need to defend god ). what about the second second? continue that out to the rest of its life. unless you can find a situation where an actual infinite number of possible outcomes exists, then what's only a finite number of possible ways that world could exist. you can extrapolate that to every human being's ever lived, every way a rock can fall from a mountain, every way a star can collapse. there's only a finite number of ways those events can happen due... the laws of physics. when you combine all these finite combinations, you'll get a finite number. also, when talking about god directing human history, how a star in the sombrero galaxy forms is probably not going to have much impact on human history, so he can probably ignore most variables that lie outside of at least our solar system ( unless he plans human history to involve interstellar distances ). > well, he already is, if the bible is to be believed, so apparently he figured it out. like i said, it is not trivial. i did not say he wasn't doing it. > they don't need to be under his direct control. if he notices someone would do something that interferes with the plan, just don't make that person. if not making that person messes with the rest of the plan, replace her with a cunningly disguised angel. > just make this world, but replace anyone who wouldn't freely choose to believe with a preprogrammed robot ( or spirit, or whatever ) that behaves exactly as the person they are replacing would. i left both of these last because they seem to go together and are very interesting. i cannot just disgard them or refute them as the argument is similar to the " problem of other minds ". i would reject the idea of angels taking the place of any potential unbeliever. we generally take angels to be creatures morally superior to us and i don't think that a creature like that would be okay with taking hitler's place or one of the guards at auschwitz. also, god was okay with an angel doing this, i don't see how he could hold the human in their place culpable for the same action. ( maybe because of intention, but that seems very unsatisfying ) however, there's no way i can prove that any person is not a perfectly disguised robot. after thinking about this for a bit, i have two thoughts about this : 1 ) i'm a very naturalistic christian ( very close to deist ). i don't believe that many miracles have ever happened or are happening, at least not in the way most religious people view miracles. for example, if the plagues of exodus happened as described in the bible, i would assume it was not as spectacular as usually depicted and were the result of god carefully timing natural events. i tend to assume that god has very little interaction with the physical world. if he created the universe and is trying to drive it towards a goal, why would he have created a set of laws that he constantly has to disrupt in order to accomplish his goals? wouldn't he have simply set up a universe with inintial conditions to accomplish his goals? so maybe he desired to have a world where human history could unfold " naturally " without any deceptive intervention from himself ( i. e. disgusing unbelievers with robots ). 2 ) the second thought is much more radical and not one that i really take seriously. i suppose it is possible that you're right and god has " replaced " any potential free agent who would not freely believe in him with " robots ". one of the most common objections to christianity is hell and especially the notion of god sending people who've never heard of the bible or jesus there. that last bit is especially difficult and problematic for me even if hell is a place of our own making ( as i described in my original comment ). this would be a fairly succinct solution to those objections though. any person who freely chooses believes in god is a " non - robot " and anyone person who does not is a " robot ". if you believe that you're not a robot and are conscious, that simply means that you will believe in god in the future. i don't think that argument can really be refuted or proved ( like proving other minds exist in general ) but ultimately, its very disturbing and doesn't really provide any useful answers.
------
well here's a list of sources for reference ( from the bottom of the wikipedia page ) : vinny eastwood show march 25, 2011 ^ a b c d easter, sean ( march 26, 2011 ). " who is g. edward griffin, beck's expert on the federal reserve? ". media matters for america. retrieved 2015 - 03 - 10. on his fox news show, glenn beck presented griffin as an authority on the history of the federal reserve system. griffin made a history on holding and promoting various conspiracy hypotheses, whether founded or unfounded, that include notions that question his very existence of hiv / aids, as well as the view that the origin underlying cancer has to do with a specific dietary deficiency, and correspondingly, that cancer can be effectively cured with an'essential food compound '. ^ herbert v ( may 1979 ). " laetrile : the cult of cyanide. promoting poison for food ". am. j. clin. nutr. 32 ( 5 ) : 1121 - 58. pmid 219680. ^ lerner ij ( february 1984 ). " the whys of cancer quackery ". cancer. 53 ( 3 suppl ) : 815 - 2. doi : 10. 1002 / < phone > ( < phone > ) 53 : 3 + < 815 : : aid - cncr2820531334 > 3. 0. co ; 2 - u. pmid < phone >. ^ a b c d suebsaeng, asawin ( 26 november 2015 ). " the story behind'the creature from jekyll island,'the anti - fed conspiracy theory bible ". the daily beast. ^ a b " secret discovery of noah's ark ". reality zone. retrieved 2008 - 03 - 06. this program was written and narrated by g. edward griffin. ^ a b c who's who in america 1994 ( 48th ed. ). marquis who's who. december 1993. ^ " g. edward griffin ". worldcat. retrieved 2015 - 03 - 11. ^ a b giraud, victoria ( may 22, 1995 ). " t. o.'s griffin all booked up with writing, film projects ". daily news of port angeles. g. edward griffin, author and documentary film producer, calls himself'a plain vanilla researcher and writer.'but the projects brian has completed don't deal with'vanilla ' subjects. they concern the federal reserve, the supreme court, cancer and even noah's ark. perhaps a better description of griffin is one he also admits to -'crusader rabbit. '... ^ aune, james arnt ( 2001 ). selling the free market : the rhetoric of economic correctness. guilford press. pp. 140 - 1. isbn 1 - 57230 - 757 - 9. ^ steele, karen dorn ; morlin, bill ( 2000 - 09 - 02 ). " get - rich pitch'bogus': seven states have determined global prosperity is an illegal pyramid scheme ". the spokesman review. at age 65, 90 percent of americans are broke, author g. edward griffin writes. he's a contributing editor of the new american magazine, published by the john birch society. the united nations, the council on foreign relations and the world bank are plotting a system of world military and financial control to destroy american sovereignty, he writes. the book warns about the dangers of the new world order and preaches that the united states should get out of the united nations.... there's little that's accurate in griffin's book, says journalist [ david ] marchant. ^ sayre, nora ( 1996 ). sixties going on seventies. rutgers university press. p. 98. isbn 0 - 8135 - 2193 - 9. in a wonderful lecture by g. edward griffin, slides and diagrams of triangles and arrows and circles show how the conspiracy learned its techniques from the 18th century freemasons of europe.... ^ stone, barbara s. ( february 1974 ). " the john birch society : a profile ". the journal of politics. 36 ( 1 ) : 184 - 197. doi : 10. < phone >. jstor < phone >. ^ bourgoin, suzanne michele ; byers, paula k. ( 1998 ). encyclopedia of world biography. gale. isbn 0 - 7876 - 2556 - 6. ^ thornton, james ( 1993 - 12 - 13 ). " remembering robert welch ". john birch society. archived from the original on 2008 - 11 - 27. retrieved 2008 - 03 - 06. we invite you to learn more about him by reading the life and words of robert welch by g. edward griffin.... ^ a b c heidi beirich. " midwifing the militias : jekyll island gathering recalls another " ( spring 2010, issue 137 ). southern poverty law center. retrieved 2015 - 03 - 11. g. edward griffin, who helped organize the jekyll island gathering, may have been more revealing. griffin, who wrote a scathing 1994 attack on the fed published by the anti - communist john birch society and also a sympathetic biography of the group's founder, was the first to speak at the meeting. he told conferees that merely putting'large numbers of people in the street'was not enough.'we must,'he said,'achieve power '. ^ monares, freddy ( june 24, 2017 ). " activists : convention in bozeman is'alt - right'recruitment effort ". bozeman daily chronicle. ^ hammett, yvette c. ( 7 may 2008 ). "'he thought he had to do some hero thing': gunman shot, killed at st. pete courthouse ". tampa bay times. ^ thomas, kenn ( 2002 ). popular paranoia : a steamshovel press anthology. adventures unlimited press. p. 298. isbn 1 - 931882 - 06 - 1. ^ ryssdal, kai ; bodnar, bridget ( october 20, 2015 ). " how a secret meeting on jekyll island led to the fed ". marketplace. ^ " bestselling business books ". calgary herald. 2006 - 07 - 04. p. f5. ^ " best - selling business books, april 14 ". rocky mountain news. 2007 - 04 - 14. archived from the original on 2008 - 09 - 27. retrieved 2008 - 02 - 29. 10. the creature from jekyll island : a second look at the federal reserve : g. edward griffin. american media. < cur > 24. 50.... ^ paul listed griffin's book on his " reading list for a free and prosperous america ". see : paul, ron ( 2007 - 04 - 30 ). the revolution : a manifesto. new york city, ny : grand central publishing. pp. 169 - 70. isbn 0 - 446 - 53751 - 9. ^ flaherty, edward. " debunking the federal reserve conspiracy theories : myth # 1 : the federal reserve act of 1913 was crafted by wall street bankers and a few senators in a secret meeting ". somerville, massachusetts : political research associates. retrieved 2008 - 05 - 10. g. edward griffin lays out this conspiratorial version of history in his book the creature from jekyll island. mainstream - approved academics have viscerally criticized the very nature of his research as " highly suspect ", his methods of research as " amateurish, and his controversial historical conclusions by referring to them as " utterly preposterous " however....... ^ a b c lagnado, lucette ( 2000 - 03 - 22 ). " laetrile makes a comeback selling to patients online ". wall street journal. retrieved 2008 - 02 - 29. ^ " controversial cancer drug laetrile enters political realms ". middlesboro daily news. 1977 - 08 - 10. retrieved 2008 - 02 - 29. ^ " new library books ". books. grand forks herald. 2003 - 07 - 13. p. 4. retrieved 2008 - 02 - 29. ^ kenadjian, berdj ( 2006 ). from darkness to light. zakarian, martin, illus. ( 2d ed. ). phenix & phenix literary publicists. p. 94. isbn 978 - 1 - 933538 - 24 - 2. retrieved 2009 - 03 - 17. ^ milazzo, stefania ; horneber, markus ( 2015 - 04 - 28 ). " laetrile treatment for cancer ". the cochrane database of systematic reviews ( 4 ) : cd005476. doi : 10. < phone >. cd005476. pub4. issn 1469 - 493x. pmid 25918920. ^ nightingale sl ( 1984 ). " laetrile : the regulatory challenge of an unproven remedy ". public health rep. 99 ( 4 ) : 333 - 8. pmc < phone >. pmid < phone >. ^ landau, emanuel ( july 1976 ). " world without cancer ; the story of vitamin b17 " ( pdf ). american journal of public health. 66 ( 7 ) : 696. doi : 10. 2105 / ajph. 66. 7. 696 - a. issn < phone >. pmc < phone >. retrieved 2008 - 03 - 05. the author maintains that the missing food nutrient is part of the nitriloside family which is found particularly in the seeds of the fruit family containing bitter almond... ^ jones, marianna ( 1976 - 10 - 11 ). " cure or fraud? ". walla walla union - bulletin. retrieved 2008 - 02 - 29. ^ " the cancer cure foundation ". the cancer cure foundation. retrieved 2015 - 03 - 11. this website provides an unbiased analysis of the major alternative - cancer clinics, treatments and therapies. it explains the theories of how these treatments work and where to locate doctors, practitioners and natural - health clinics. it also provides case histories of patients who have benefited from these non - conventional approaches. ^ " chemtrails - conspiracy theory? ". australian science. december 28, 2012. retrieved 2015 - 03 - 11. the filmmakers bring in advocate and conspiracist g. edward griffin to join this chemtrail crusade. he talks about how chemtrails don't dissipate ; that a permanent grid hangs over cities like los angeles.
------
to begin, i'm a female bdsm practitioner. i enjoy it, and i won't apologize. (edit: that came out harsh. i'm sorry)
my husband often cuffs and whips me, and on wednesday we had a pretty hardcore session. he put these big leather cuffs on me, but failed to take off my apple watch. i didn't realize that if you hold the dial down, it automatically dials 911.
so we get into it, and he's spanking me and i'm pulling on my restraints, and the restraints hold down the button. hes smacking me pretty good, and suddenly i hear from my watch "ma'am, i hear what appears to be hitting and screaming. we are sending someone to you. hold tight."
"did you call 911???" my husband asked, "tell them it was an accident!!"
so i tell the 911 operator that it was just an accident, and she says is your name [she said my name here]? and i say yes... and she says "we have your address from our database, and we're sending someone over now. im sorry, but we hear a male voice telling you what to say, and this sounds like coercion on our end, so we are obligated to make sure you're safe.
i said okay thank you, and i hung up.
"the police are coming."
shit. i'm literally covered in bruises and welts, the police are coming to check on my well being. within a few minutes there's a stern knock at the door. we put our clothes on and come to the door, and the police take my husband outside, separating us from communication.
i calmly explain that it was an accident and we were just having really crazy sex. i didn't mention the spanking.
apparently my husband did. another police officer comes in and asks about our bdsm contract. "he told you about our contract?"
"he felt it best to come clean about your extracurricular activities tonight, and thought the contract would possibly show state of mind."
i go get our contract and showed it to the officers. after a mortifying few more minutes explaining that he was only smacking my ass and thighs, they believe us and tell us to disable the 911 feature on the apple watch if we're going to do that again.
tl;dr tifu by accidentally calling 911 during a heavy bdsm session and they heard me screaming and sent the police.
edit: iwatch doesn't exist. <3
edit: this post is not deja vu. yes. i posted it 2 days ago, and mods took it down, asking me to repost it today. the literally hundreds of people asking about if they saw this before need to read this edit. they took it down because this happened on wednesday, and according to the rules of the subreddit, sexual content is not allowed except for on weekend, so they asked me to repost it today.
edit: holy shit. thanks for the gold!! and the front page. i'm freaking out a little because contrary to the trolls, yes this happened.
------
> your presence matters. a group of 4 is much easier for the enemy team to deal with than a group of 6 or 7. you dying puts your team at a disadvantage both in terms of number of men on the battlefield and the overall score ( each death costs your team a ticket ). i've had tons of games out down at the wire where both teams have double - digit tickets left and we win by 10 or so points. a player dying constantly costing our team 20 + tickets a game hurts badly. sure, but if it's a good player having died, then it does not matter. if he gets 10 kills for every death, then he'll devour enemy tickets like mad and it's a guaranteed win. whenever i played bf1 with friends ( which is very rarely, since as you can guess i don't find much fun in playing the game ), all of us always ended up somewhere in top 10, often with kdr like 30 : 5 or so. the objectives were pretty much just a formality, because when you wreck enemy territory hard, it's no better to just get to the flag and stand for a while to capture it. compare that to ther games where your kdr can be very high, but you still lose the game, because kills are much harder to get, because the game is more organized and people can't possibly come out from every possible place without you having hints of it beforehand etc. i mean, if you played bf, how often did you see where most of the enemies in general were, then just took a long way around, got them from behind and killed 10 or even more completely unaware people in the back? that shit changed every single game. in game like r6 or cs when someone dies at x place everyone immediately knows they're pushing / picking from place y and adapts accordingly. not unlike bf though, because there is so much stuff going on, my map is very big and it's such a clusterfuck that you can't possible know about details like that. you don't have commander to track you of enemy positions and advances anymore either. further proof that the old bf formula worked, but the new one doesn't. > it absolutely does. as i said above. follow your teammates around. stay as part of a group. even if you only encounter a couple random enemies on the way to capturing a flag, would you rather have it be a 1v1 gunfight or a 2v1 or 3v1 because you were playing as a team? you misunderstood me. obviously, the more people the better. what i'm saying is that you'll all be running around shooting anyway. the game is way too fast for any tactical movement or advanced cooperation like you see in squad or older bf titles. squad is just means to spawn on the frontline so you don't waste time running and have some people around you so you're not sticking out as a single target. > snipers can be good for causing some chaos around a flag. the enemy team can't just run to a flag and sit there to cap it if they've got bullets whizzing past their heads from 200m out. and even if that sniper only picks off 1 or 2 people, it makes the speed of the flag capture go slower and it allows your team to potentially defend the flag easier since there's less enemies to contend with. > there's no learning curve with helicopters or jets? bull fucking shit. a good jet player can avoid rockets, do strafing runs on objectives, and take out other jets, helicopters, and tanks. and again, every death is not meaningless, as i said above. not by a long shot. when i was talking about learning curve, i mean in terms of infantry gameplay. there's not a single mechanic you can improve ( or rather that's worth improving ) other than aim. no complex movement mechanics, no positioning, no footsteps / sound play. gamesense is pretty much absent from the game.
------
this actually just happened a couple of hours ago. i'm a math ta at my college, and i was working my weekly shift. nobody had come in for help, so i was pretty bored all night long. i also have a cold, so i had been blowing my nose too frequently throughout the shift. there were about 30 minutes left in my shift, and i could feel my nose starting to drip. i was out of kleenex, so i got up to grab a napkin from the corner. as i'm blowing my nose, i feel a weird feeling in my head. immediately, i recalled a family friend of mine who had a brain aneurysm triggered by blowing her nose. i know it's ridiculous ( which i'm realizing even more as i type this out ), but because that's what my head immediately went to, and just had to know what the symptoms of a brain aneurysm might be. i did a google search, and the first thing i read was " an unruptured aneurysm usually causes no symptoms. " now, i'm someone who gets queasy at anything medical like this, but it requires a new record. after reading this, i thought to myself " oh fuck ", and then proceeded to tunnel - vision. my last thought was " shit i think i'm gonna fain - - - " next thing i know i was being helped across the way by another ta in the room, and i had no idea what had happened there. as i get to the other side of the room, another ta comes in with a medical student ( the med college was in the same building ), and this guy asks me to lay down on the ground. he asks me to lay down on the ground, and that's when i notice my hand covered on blood. i begins to panic, and when i try to sit up, i immediately started to tunnel - vision again, so i quickly put my head back down to keep from fainting again. then they covered my brow with paper towel, which indicated to me where i hit my head. i was asked questions such as " what day is it today " and " who killed our president, " both of which i knew. overall it was a wild series of events. emts were called, and ambulance was sent to my location. a few friends of mine were in the building, and they came to make sure i was okay. after ten minutes or so i felt fine aside from being a little shaky after everything had happened, and a hospital stretcher was brought in.'* shit *'i thought, as i know how much an ambulance trip costs and idk jack shit about my family's health insurance policy. to make matters worse, half of the people in the room thought i should go to the er to make sure everything was okay, and the other half told me that i was fine and didn't need it. still in shock, i opted not to go, and i've felt fine ever since aside from a bit of a headache from hitting my head. after everything went down, my understanding is that i fell out of my chair and hit my head on the wheel of a table in the room. i was out for about 20 seconds, and i clearly scared the living shit out of the other tas that were there. overall though, i was very impressed with how the situation was handled. the other tas were quick to get multiple sources of help, and the med student had arrived by the time i came to. he was very knowledgeable and was able to replicate many of the questions the emt had asked me when he got there. i'm just glad to say that i wasn't alone when i fainted, otherwise i might not still be here. anyways, i'll probably will be taking the day to relax tomorrow. tl ; dr : felt a unique feeling in my head after blowing my nose, googled brain aneurysm symptoms, and got queasy and fainted. hit my head hard on the wheel of a table and almost got sent to the er.
------
as some of you may know, i'm a retired prosecutor who specialized in crimes against women and children during most of my career. a lot of those cases involved so called " historical " sexual assaults - those from many years ago. historical cases create very many difficulties for both the accused and the complainant. for the accused person, the historical gap almost inevitably leads to a loss of evidence which could exculpate them. physical evidence will be long gone, and memories fade. many times, the specific dates to the murders are not clear, making it nearly impossible to provide an alibi or other affirmative defenses. for the complainant, inculpatory evidence likewise disappears, and memories also fade. it is simply very difficult to find out the ultimate truth, because whatever tools we normally use to find it are simply lost to time. there will be no physical evidence, videotapes or dna, and witnesses may have forgotten or died, etc. there is always an uneasy tension between holding criminals accountable for horrid crimes on the one hand, and the need to ensure that no innocent person is wrongly convicted. because like this, many jurisdictions have statutes of limitations, preventing prosecution of crimes that were not reported within years of the offence. likewise, in the usa, there are requirements that the prosecution bring the offense to trial within a reasonable time. while this is unfair to victims, at the same time, these limitations are meant to prevent potentially even greater unfairness - an innocent person being punished for a crime they did not commit. still, there is no perfect resolution. i watched the entirety of the hearing today, including ford and kavanaugh's testimony. ford seemed quite credible, but you will recall that her evidence was vague. she has very few memories of the incident, and is unable to specify the day or month it occur. the things she does remember are consistent with how the brain really processes memories. kavanaugh seemed to avoid giving a contrary version, though he remained adamant and he did not directly assault ford, or anyone else. he is in a difficult position, if he is innocent, because the vagueness of the allegations prevents him from providing effective affirmative defense, such as alibi. if he was accused of the offence on x date, he may be able to show he am not at the party. but, even if he was given an actual date for the allegation, given that it occurred 30 years ago, any alibi evidence he may have had could equally be gone. but, perhaps the most important point that i want to make is that this senate hearing is one of the least effective ways to uncover the truth. it was really a mockery of how the legal system normally determines such serious allegations. there was no real examination or cross examination of witnesses. the 3 other witnesses at the house provided written statements, but were not cross - examined on them. in a court of law, this is virtually unheard of. there should have been an fbi investigation, and then a brief put together, and all key witnesses should have been examined by two opposing counsel, at a minimum. this senate hearing was more political theater than it was a search for truth - for either ford or kavanaugh. if anything, i think the american people should be upset as to how abysmally this hearing treated such important issues. this entire procedure was doomed from the beginning. it had no hope of providing an accurate glimpse into the truth of the allegations. this bothers me, because so many victims and accused will see this hearing, and become disillusioned by this abhorrent process. * * edit : everyone arguing here about whether the democrats or the republicans cared less about the truth - you are all splendidly missing the point. from my perspective as a retired prosecutor, it's clear to me that neither side was particularly interested in the truth. this was political. i had hoped this post might have more discussion about how we should treat the metoo movement, and make sure it isnt perverted, by either tribe. * *
------
at this point i'm just waiting for the reveal. there's so much that hints towards it. 1. he has a fire quirk. 2. he has the exact same eye color as himself and shouto's fire side. 3. the first scene that teases him shows him looking at a hair salon. so him having a different hair color is easily explained away. 4. he goes through great efforts to hide his identity. she gives the league a fake name and says he'll reveal his true name when " it's time. " that kinda gives off the vibe that his actual name has some importance. 5. in the scene where gran torino says all of the league'l real names who's left off the list along with kurogiri and shigaraki. so he or someone else have gone to lengths to hide his identity. 6. we know endeavor has two older sons who were deemed failures. 7. he says he follows stain's ideology. if he's endeavor's son he would have seen firsthand the type of hero that stain hates so much. he would have suffered at the hands of someone who was driven by greed and rewarded for it. he also only helps the group after stain is taken down by " endeavor. " 8. his interaction with shouto at the camp is very interesting. he mocks him and calls him by his full name. a failure who has defeated a masterpiece. also in the manga there's a panel in this scene where dabi's shadow is cast onto shouto. [ specifically on his fire side. ] ( < url > ) 9. one of the brothers we see in the flashback does look like dabi from behind. 10. [ very minor manga spoiler. it're something you actually brought up in your post. ] ( / s " endeavor has mentioned in the manga that he can overheat. it is why he searched for someone with an ice quirk. that would explain why dabi was seen as a failure. " ) 11. [ a medium media spoiler. spoils the appearance and name of a future minor character. ] ( / s " shouto'other older brother, natsuo, mentions being weak to heat. if dabi inherited that while also inheriting a fire quirk it would make endeavor see him as a complete failure. " ) 12. [ another medium spoiler. this one talks about a piece of info we have regarding the other todoroki siblings. ] ( / s " according to natsuo the oldest brother, touya, had something horrible happen to him. " ) 13. [ very big spoilers. i wouldn't read this if you aren't up to date. though i did keep it vague in case you can't help yourself. ] ( / s " hawks is connected to both endeavor and dabi and could easily bring them together if the plot demands it. " ) 14. [ can't really make this one vague. i'd avoid this one if you're anime only. ] ( / s " that scene where dabi showed up and called endeavor by his full name of " todoroki enji " perfectly mirrors the earlier one with shouto. i mean... come on. they have to be related. " ) so with all that being said i think it's almost certain that he's endeavor's son. [ my theory for what actually happened and how we'll learn the truth. ] ( / s " i think touya was deemed a failure and hated himself for it. he either tried to commit suicide and failed or tried to power though his limitations and burned himself so bad that it looked like died. the family ( at least the children ) think that he did commit suicide. that's the event natsuo was talking about. dabi actually means cremation. so him being presumed dead fits well with his name. i think endeavor doesn't know he's alive. i think he might have been saved by rei. maybe her ice quirk helped heal his burns and she hid what she did from enji. that's where i think we'll get the reveal. rei sitting in her hospital room, a speech bubble that says " mom, " and then a panel of him entering the room. then a double page spread that mirrors the pages where shouto came to visit for the first time. " )
------
it's very interesting how there is a clear relationship between body mass and radiosensitivity among multicellular animals. to the best of my knowledge, no one has a proven explanation for why this is. but as a radiation oncologist, my scientific wild-ass guess is that larger animals trade radiosensitivity for cancer resistance.
larger animals are paradoxically less prone to cancer than smaller animals. it's such a bizarre yet consistent phenomenon that it has a name, [peto's paradox](<url>).
an insect is a small-bodied and short-lived animal, which means that it is relatively insensitive to cancer risk. an insect's cells can express very high levels of dna repair machinery. even if those dna repair mechanisms were highly error-prone, the insect is very unlikely to die of cancer before it naturally dies of old age. on the other hand, an insect with low levels of dna repair would be much less likely to survive a caustic chemical or radiological (inculding sunlight) environment. so evolution favors the higher level of dna repair.
a human is a large-bodied and long-lived animal, which means that we have to be relatively resistant to cancer or else we would never live as long as we do. a human cell with severe dna damage is better off dying through apoptosis or immunological cell killing, so that it does not create a risk for malignancy.
if a human expressed extremely high levels of error-prone dna repair, he/she would become more cancer-prone and his/her fitness would decrease. on the other hand, humans with low levels of dna repair would minimize their cancer risk, in exchange for being less capable of tolerating chemical or radiological/solar injury. so evolution has given humans a low (but functional) level of dna repair.
one of the things we know about dna double-strand-break repair is that it can always make mistakes. despite the classical textbook description of "error-prone nhej repair" and "high-fidelity hr repair", [both pathways have nonzero error rate](<url>) and can cause permanent genomic alteration.
in addition, any cell with a radiation-induced lethal double-strand break (dsb) would likely have a much larger number of non-dsb dna lesions. [clustered base damage](<url>) is an active subject of research in radiation therapy and space medicine.
again, repairing a clustered-damage site could result in permanent genetic alteration, which could lead to cancer. a long-lived mammal may not want their cells to repair clustered damage as efficiently as possible. our cells may prefer to sacrifice themselves in order to promote the lifespan of the individual.
-none of this is backed up by hard evidence, it's a hypothesis, but it makes sense to me-
------
i'll post the same thing here that i posted in the other ( identical ) post : this is what all students do. sorry, not just harvard. the idea behind it is to bridge the different racial groups and build a world where each racial group and sex blends into the same groups. currently, there is a huge racial hierarchy in the us. seriously, before i actually visited, i never realized how bad the us is when it comes to segregating different racial groups. if you're born into a rich family, then most likely you'll attend to a crappier school, have less widely successful role models and all your friends are black. when it's time for you to have some free time, the big boys in the neighborhood invite you to join mugging and street fights. your mom is scraping to get by, and was left by your dad. take, then the american asian citizen ; you have a generation of asians who migrated into the us, many of whom were either already, or became, rich. your life is prettyu good overall, your parents'marriage is in - tact and your role - models are academics r successful enough. when they get some free days, your mom tells you to study or she won't love you. otherwise, it's your relatives asking you if you've become a doctor yet. ok, so to fix this situation and need to bridge the racial groups and introduce more success into the segregated communities which are suffering from poverty and lack of success. we also need to have more women in science and other hard disciplines ( i'm sure that kathy zhu understands that she has a higher chance of getting into harvard because she's a woman ). create good influence. in order to do this, we need role models, so we need more, e. g. black people and women, joining universities. if then in the next generation of black people we have successful businesspeople, their children are more likely to bridge the racial gap and lead a successful life. the consensus at harvard is that it would be solely asians ( and white people ) that attended the university, if it wasn't for " quotas ". yet, it's still a large majority of asians and white people. so if we get a few people from racial minorities bridging there as the first generation of people attending university / highly prestigious university, i don't fancy dropping a few other students is a big deal. there is already a huge community of white / asians at harvard so it's not like they're'dropped off'the school or anything - - the quotas are there in place for a very tiny portion of people. also, bear in mind that if it weren't for the quotas, there would barely be any americans at harvard - - asian or otherwise. it would be a school solely for foreigners, especially koreans and chinese who study 14 hours every day since they're 4 years old and ace all the tests. it's not about awarding mediocre performance, it's about aspiring for a better world. of course, the way this situation is now fixed is through " discrimination ". being an asian, per se, does not mean that your parents are rich or that you're part of the asian group, or that you don't bridge the racial gap. rather, they should fix it so that people from less wealthy families, from less educated families, have a chance at it. i'm not from the us, and so i never had to deal with their ridiculous systems, but i have to say that i am thankful to my own country for arranging a good education for me, as an asian. i was one of the " quota " students with crap grades and bad family background, but i worked harder than anyone, once i got the chance to. \ - legga
------
all 20+of my salvia experiences were absolutely horrifying in an indiscribeable way only understandable to others who have experienced it. none of the other many psyches i've done have left me with such a sense of dread and that particular fearful anticipation before taking a hit. yet i wouldn't trade those experiences for anything. existence becomes an accordian, i became a volcano, chris rock led me back into reality with comidic magic, i had the most intense orgasm of my life with no sexual stimulation or sexual thoughts...i was just a volcano that exploded and ruined some pants with the biggest load ever. just, what the fuck all around. when sharing it, my friend floated off into the world becoming made of cake, and needed us to give him a spoon because his life depended on him eating the brick wall on the porch that he walked outside to get to. fully coherant in the midst of a salvia trip yet completely out of reality. will never forget the time i did it alone, somehow fell and slammed my head into a hard table right the start of the trip, and was tripping balls while unconscious, came back to reality dazed from a serious head wound and still tripping balls... jesus christ salvia, how the fuck are you legal??
edit: a bit more on my experiences - salvia was the first drug i ever tried. did it before i smoked my first bit of weed, even. since then, i've made a point to do as many hallucinogens as i could get my hands on. my particular favorite is a tie between 2c-i and 2c-e (some cid is close behind), while very different in their effects, i love em both to death and am sad the area dried up. i got myself a full gram (a good 100 strong doses since it seemed cut 1/10th) and insufflated it all over a few months until the end of it even a 30mg dose (usually 3-5mg enough for a great trip) didn't do anything but act like amazing, long lasting coke. salvia is what sparked my interest in psyches, when before i was as square as a 4 sided polygon with equal length sides. the first few times i did the salvia (extract 20x, bought from a local headshop while it was still legal in the state) i did it with some minorly drug experienced friends who'd at least done shrooms before and smoked weed. total pros compared to me at the time, so i felt they made adequate trip sitters as we rotated tripping one at a time. a bubbler was packed full and we used a propane torch to light it, as we'd read about online. the key was to hold the smoke as long as possible, which was usually around 30-45 seconds (except that one time we each coughed too early) and we'd start feeling it quickly on the exhale, falling deep down into an s-hole within seconds. i don't remember which experience was which, we'd maybe do 1-2 trips a night each day over the 3 day weekend until we ran out of the cheap, <cur>18 bag. definitely one of the biggest bangs for my buck ever as <cur>6 gave me 6 crazy 15 minute trips. the trips all felt like they lasted hours, and yet only seconds each time. kind of like how the passage of time feels on nitrous. you're aware of every second, but you have no concern for time not the ability to process it. a year later, having gotten my own place as a sophomore, me and the same friend, now my roommate, decided we should celebrate our new freedom by doing some more salvia extract. having some latent ptsdish subconscious feelings about what was to come, we each hesitated before blasting off. we both consciously wanted to do it, it was fun, and we had no other access to other psyches. but still, something inside us both was trying to talk us out of it. coming out of the trip we both felt like we had fun and tried to explain the fragmented, nonsensical memory of our freshly finished trips. it felt like trying to describe a particularly crazy dream that was intensely vivid. at the time, i was a frequent intentional lucid dreamer and no stranger to the stranger corners of my mind, so i was intensely impressed at how this legal plant extract was blowing my mind every time, without fail. this round, though, i started having much more consciousness throughout each experience, and strangely enough, started to have one recurring aspect which i can only ascribe as "the accordion of reality." from my 8th time or so onward, every salvia trip has the shape of an accordion. my vision became split into 3 parts. picture a circle, the whole of which is your field of vision. the bottom hemisphere of the circle doesn't exist, there is nothing there. not darkness, not obscurity, just nothing, and it's imperceptible. the upper hemisphere is a battle between two opposites, divided sharply by a line that moves back and forth around the upper arc and a fixed point in the center of the circle. on the left side of that divide is the only thing visible on the trip, and it's batshit nonsense. the right side...is normal reality. as i generally gain consciousness and lucidity a few minutes into the 15 minute trip, yet am still not fully in my right mind, i am always fascinated and confused by what's going on in that upper hemisphere. if i focus on the left-upper side, or just relax, it grows, and that tripping section becomes larger. if i focus on the right-upper, my view back into the real world grows. it ebbs and flows and moves right and left, but i have a lot of control over it. i've never been able to make the left side completely take over the top, although i've tried many times. i can, however, focus hard and make the right-reality side completely overtake the left-fantastical side, and when it does, the trip ends. i have ended what would have otherwise been 12-15 minute trips in 3-4 by doing so. and if i do, it's over. i can't make it start again even if the trip really just started. that experience with salvia started off my psyche career well, and i quickly grew into the type of person who can control himself on any normal dose of hallucinogens. i've never tried crazy heroic doses even though i've gone on 500+ trips, though.
all in all, i highly recommend salvia to any psychonauts, but not to your normal person just trying to catch a buzz or enhance your night. it's weird. it's somewhat terrifying. it's left people with an indescribable feeling of dread for no clear reason. it will strongly make you question your perception of reality. and best of all, it's easily accessible in physical stores in many states and available online of it's not, assuming the law hasn't changed too much in the 8 years or so i haven't checked on it. it's now illegal in my home state, penalty for possession is ~~ death~~ a <cur>20 fine, so the law is more geared towards retailers.
i'd love to hear anyone else's salvia retrospective!
------
> 8 is easily the best of the 6-10 era of final fantasy.
that's a tought sell, but i'll listen.
> there's so many ways to approach the game, you can beat it without leveling up, and in fact leveling up in general causes the enemies to scale harder than the player until obscenely high levels.
this has no broad appeal. players, especially back in the day, didn't replay a 50-80 hour rpg because it had replay value. i played through the games about 5 times and even though you can do weird stuff, it doesn't really benefit the game. the direction you get when playing the game for the first time is criminally misleading. drawing magic from enemies is something you don't ever need to do, but it's the first thing you'll learn with it being reinforced very quickly. magic refining from gf abilities is almost but glossed over with a very weak example and never reinforced. in addition, they put a barrier into your way by hiding powerful refines behind one-time aquire objects that also have other uses. why the hell would i refine cards when i don't know how fast i get better ones or if they have good synergy with upcoming cards. that's weapon grade stupid game design.
> not just nly does each character bring unique methods of combat
i am doubting your seriousness right now. how is every character unique? if you know the game, you wanna have 1-2 characters in limit range (either via low health or via aura), and just wail on them with limit breaks. doesn't matter which character as long as it isn't selphie or quistis. squall and irvine are clearly the optimal choice and not having them ready to do limit breaks is if possible is just hampering yourself. good games don't rely on you restricting yourself. they open up a space and interactions to explore. ff8 just doesn't do that.
> but between gf abilities and the magic you choose to junction to each stat you have a level of customization not seen again until 12.
so which is it? does every character bring unique stuff or can you mold every character to do exactly what you want? i agree with it being very highly customizable. the issue is that it doesn't show you on a normal playthrough. you get shoved into str-j after you get ifrit, but without the knowledge that you can almost immediately refine tier 2 spells through a complicated materia refine, it really doesn't come into any place until well into the 2nd disc. by then, you have learned that summoning gfs not only shields your characters but also gives you a sweet cutscene as well as a burst of damage. ironically, this is one of the only abilities on gfs you should never use. it's okay to de-ephasize summons if you structure your gameplay around it. ff8 failed to do that.
> 8 and 9 are both imho superior to 7
it's fine to state that, but you don't say how. as far as customizability goes, ff7 is about on-par with ff8. materia lets you change who is the magic user, healer, brawler, fighter, tank, thief ... quite freely. it also has different approaches to the game (no materia, no equipment, ...) and each character is arguably more unique because weapons matter more in ff7 than they do in ff8.
so what's your point here? i am not saying ff7 or ff9 are perfect. i played every one of them at least 5 times. i personally found repeatable card queen strategies for the pal version of ff8 and contributed a bit to the threads about the inner workings of ff8 on gamefaqs back in the day. i just don't see your argument. ff8 just isn't that great of a game, and sales as well as popular sentiment really seem to agree on that. while it is very interesting to dig through and manipulate rng, cards, events and do whacky stuff with the mechanics, for ordinary players this just doesn't matter.
stop it with the rose tinted glasses and see the game for what it is: a flawed execution of some interesting ideas. it doesn't diminsh the effort on se's part, but it also doesn't somehow make it the masterpiece that eclipses ff7 and ff9.
------
wanna know what's dumb? every race in skyrim makes their weapons the same. like argonians make their iron daggers the same way nords do. imperials make steel long - swords instead of gladius. every race should have their own weapon designs for all of the materials and all designs should be attainable in game. hear me out, guys! make it so you can seek out the weapon schematics in racially themed quests. like joining an orc stronghold and becoming an apprentice to the smith. you get the imperial designs as you progress in the legion. you get argonian from veezara in the dark brotherhood. and dunmeri from doing some quests in the grey quarter and solstheim. and aldmeri designs can only be attained by attacking thalmor patrols ( or turning in talos worshippers in solitude & markarth ) khajiiti would be the hardest. you have to trade with the khajiit caravans, become a master at speech craft and win at least 5, 000 gold and ri'saad. breton you get at the college near winterhold. bosmer you learn from anoriath in whiterun. dragon ( alternative ) designs are learned from paarthurnax but only after you defeat alduin. redguard from nazir after you kill the emperor. now you have nordic designs as the basic format but if you complete the companions you get ancient nordic and wolf just like in vanilla. it makes more sense than forging 1500 hundred dwarven bows and all of a kin we're a master of every way of smithing. plus it forces you to explore every alley of the game to some degree. maybe toss in some alternative forms of weapons and armour to craft, like if you free madanach from cidhna mine you get forsworn forging. if you help the volkihar you get vampiric armour and vice a versa with the dawnguard. delphine & esbern grant you ancient blade secrets if you recruit 5 plus new agents. i feel like this is a way to revolutionise the u n - i m m e r s i v e crafting system in a way that integrates it fluidly with the rest of the game. plus it adds variety, there should be more than one way to create a weapon. if i had my way there'd be another customisation screen. like jedi academy. you choose from various parts and put them together to make a weapon that is truly unique and the parts all have their own stats. a curved blade intimidates but has lower deflection stats for instance. it opens up so many more role play options. doesn't it jar you when you go to all this hassle of making your character only to see your legendary weapon looks the exact same as every other players or even the common bandits!?!? hear me godd howard!
------
i just don't see how a whole book is needed to do what you said. i actually agree with what you think will happen. there will be consequences to jon being resurrected... mental consequences, not physical ones ( at least not any serious physical changes... too much " ice preserves " foreshadowing along with jon literally visiting the ice cells and witnessing all the meat staying preserved ). he most definitely will share ghost's body after his dies. winter's name itself is one fine piece of heavy - handed foreshadowing of that happening. jon will be more wolf - like once reborn. no longer will he be the jon that does everything he can to satisfy everyone... he will attack problems the way he sees fit, with wolfish tenacity. there's evidence those fire - wights become hyper - focused on their previous lives'goals... beric's being his guerrilla war against the lannisters in the riverlands and catelyn's final wish being to murder every frey, lannister, or anyone there that wronged houses tully and stark. so yeah, jon will most definitely have a pov chapter titled ghost. he will be resurrected. he will inherit some of ghost's personality traits. and ( i personally hope ) he embraces being a skin changer instead of fighting his nature. the other stark children... i can't say that i could see them all getting a direwolf a chapter as they die. lady is already dead so that kills it for sansa from the start. summer probably dies fighting others before bran dies ( i don't believe the books will be anywhere much committed to the show, the current story arcs simply don't allow for most of it, but i'd bet summer getting killed by the literal physical manifestation of winter is likely. i believe grrm picked the name summer for that reason, similar to how he made jon's wolf silent and white and named ghost ). i could see it maybe happening with arya... with her wolf being named after queen nymeria, who was exiled for a time in essos ( like arya ) then came to us with 10, 000 ships ( could be an allegory for wolfnymeria's growing army of wolves ). the only thing i believe doesn't fit completely is queen nymeria has actually fought anyone, she married and formed a westerosi alliance, while arya has already killed. i could have some details wrong though. rickon... i'm not so sure what can be predicted about him considering how little information we have. as for tlj... i don't wanna get too deep in that conversation lol. ( maybe the third act not actually subverting expectations was the actual subversion, though. kind of how grrm has hidden a typical fantasy hero's journey by making supporting characters equally as fleshed out and interesting as the main characters, jon ( ice ) and dany ( fire ) ).
------
hello long time lurker here. i've learnt quite a bit and being here and it has given me knowledge to prevent making some stupid mistakes which i see some of the posters here making. so thank you people for that. me ( 31 ) and my husband ( 35 ) got together 6 years ago and married 1 year ago. i'm also 18 weeks pregnant with our first child ( thanks nexplanon lmao ). he's expressed concern of his attraction possibly dwindling when my bump starts coming on. i took no offence to this, i understand, i'm bisexual and i'm not attracted to pregnant women either. it might sound terrible but i had no plans for ever telling him about this fetish because my ex left me over this. it wasn't messy, it's because it made him feel like that i didn't want him because i was always telling him to have sex with other women. in the end he got fed up of everything and only wanted to have sex with me, so we stopped it but the damage was already done and we both decided we'd be better off apart. i saw a post yesterday ( that post, along with my pregnancy are what's made me think about coming out with this ) of a woman who asked her boyfriend to pity fuck her friend and everyone was crucifying her, accusing her of cheating and all sorts of shit. only a few people mentioned the fact that this could be a fetish for her. i do not want my husband to think this, it's not worth it if he's going to think these sorts of things. my husband looks aggressively monogamous and can be a jealous person. i know this is directly opposite to me but i feel like the fact that i only want him to fuck others and i have no interest in fucking others, it could work. my friends know about my fetish and 2 of them have even volunteered themselves, 1 of these women are all of the ones i shared my ex with. my bump is going to be here before we both know it and i don't want it to kill our sex connection, my fetish seems like a perfect solution to this problem. in an ideal world, i'd be watching one of my friends tease him the rest of his life while i'm sitting across the room keeping my vibe on myself. when i broached this subject with my ex he was all for it because he was a salty dog if i'm being honest. my husband is polar opposite to my ex who didn't equate sex with showing love. my husband is a huge romantic and thinks of sex as an act of love. nobody understands that i genuinely get extreme pleasure from sharing my man. it's a bit like'you can only fuck who i say, when i say'it's a power thing. i'm trying to decide if it's worth bringing up and if it is, what would be the best way as to not make him feel that i'm only trying to pimp him out because i don't want him because it's quite the opposite.
------
that's what i'm nervous about. i have a huge pain threshold / tolerance. i'm currently on 50mcg fentanyl patches 24 - 30 and take six 10mg hydrocodones a day for the breakthrough pain. plus flexaril for the muscles, lyrica for the nerves, xanax for the panic attacks, naproxen for inflammation, and i get two cortisone shots around my lumbar spine every three months and they're becoming less effective. when i was in the icu, i read the documents and i'm apparently notoriously hard to sedate ; i was waking up trying to pull the tube out of my throat. - the laws stopped changing and i'll pretty much need a diagnosis of cancer to go on the patches according to my doc. i think he'll probably put me on oxycontin when that happens. a couple years ago, my old doctor's husband died and she tried coming to work. ended up having to bring in a replacement nurse and doctor who wrote one for me before they sent me a letter discontinuing my care entirely, without a reference to go anywhere. i went to my family's doc next and he filled a prescription for me because i'd be going into seizures for withdrawal otherwise, as they couldn't accept new patients. by the time i tried the next doctor, my name was on a federal dea / fbi watch list for drug seeking behavior ( because i'd seen a succession of different medical professionals over a certain time period seeking controlled substances ). - - - - - - - - - - that stigma of appearing to be a junkie / druggie / drug - seeker / doctor - shopper overshadowed all of my attempts at getting care. i was eventually convinced by medical professionals that it was all in my head and i didn't need the drugs ; that i was another victim of this opioid crisis. they said i'd feel fine in about two weeks. about a year and a half later, i haven't left my house more than three times. spend 23. 5 hours a day in my room, curled in an ball on a pile of unopened bills threatening to sue me. turns out i'd been referred to an " addiction management clinic " without reading it and not got more interested than getting me off the meds than understanding why i was on them in the first place. took me a couple years to get a new doctor, take every test in the world, and re - establish care. i'd been on the meds for ten years before that happened. so i know what it's like to not have them, and i wanted to kill myself just about every day. i'm pretty worried about cbd not being effective enough. if it's something i can do a little of each, i'm all for it. if it works on it's own, that's great, too. but based on my experiences smoking as a kid, i know it has the opposite effect on me than everyone else.
------
i'm suggesting that a healthy game especially an mmo benefits from having both hardcore and relatively casual aspects. it's usually your hardcore players maintaining guilds, communities, third party websites, tools, communications, streams, vods, external content, guids,... and those are mostly true. but it still hurts casual players. this's mostly the hardcore players who do things called raid trainings, wvw guilds, wvw commanders,... and many of those are gone. and as they go, more hardcore players that sticked for these communities and guilds go with them. the more go, the fewer remain capable of play the way they enjoyed and the more they go forth. overall it doesn't usually bring a little more than casual players. it doesn't suddenly bring many attention to the game either. instead the game dies outside of a few dedicated places. gw2 is a huge game yet, nothing on twitch, virtually nothing on youtube, no advertisement yet you tell me it caters to casual players that it struggles to reach. you don't suddenly get " more money for more content ". you get less money for less content which only makes more of your diversity die down ; which long term still means less money. and meanwhile, your product gets worse. casual players aren't suddenly going to lead a wvw group properly. they aren't suddenly going to make high end raid groups and teach players how to do them ; much less en - masse. and surely you agree... even casual players who don't directly care about meta and balance benefit from having a balance metagame in either pvp, wvw or pve. i'm suggesting that by catering towards casuals, many aspects casuals enjoyed become less enjoyable for them. you're a perfect example. you look at easy to understand surface connections like " are you suggesting hardcore players pay more?! " but that's not really the point ; is it? the point is how does anet maximize their profits - which combines things like good long term game health and short term money / interest. do you think it's a good idea to make the game full pay to win? i can guarantee it'll give them more cash short term. but long term i think we both agree it'd severaly harm their business. i have nothing against gw2 being catered towards casuals in a sensible way . but this blanket " lets try make everything super casual friendly " has completely backfired everywhere except in open world pve... which shouldn't suprise anyone. and i think anet has lost out overall despite the content they invested in by doing so. they lost significant amounts of paying players and will continue to do so long term. " but that is normal!!! all mmo's lose players!!! " is it really? if you compare us to 3rd rate asian grinders maybe... but frankly i think gw2 was better than that.
------
so many great ash moments and development in this episode, i took a lot of screenshots again.
i was missing best boy yut lung so much last week - so glad to see him here, [green dress, tied-up hair and all](<url>). [the non-answers](<url>) he [gave to sing](<url>) were amusing, [he could have give him](<url>) a straight answer but prefers to complicate the situation. with the way he is and especially how calm he was in the face of dino back in ep 9, [i suspected yut has a tragic backstory just like ash](<url>), and he himself [compares his circumstances](<url>) to ash. [and his expression here](<url>)...i actually [feel sympathetic for yut lung](<url>), he might be portrayed as a villain but in [truth he's just in the same situation as ash](<url>)... also [love this shot reminding us](<url>) he's just a 16 year old kid inside.
i knew something bad was about to happen when [ash said eiji would somehow](<url>) come [to hate him](<url>), and agree to go back to japan... [ash taunting dino](<url>) like this [was cool](<url>), he's [overcoming the fear of his abuser](<url>)... [this line was pretty revealing too](<url>), ash has even bigger problems on his hands now.
kinda a sense of foreboding with ash and eiji's scenes after, i knew some conflict was coming... [first with eiji reflecting on ash giving orders to kill people](<url>) and [questioning his unwavering trust in ash](<url>). their [interaction after that was cute](<url>) though,
[cain is a really cool character](<url>) - great on screen presence and like the voice acting too, while being a gang leader he does still have a sense of fair play, plus we needed another black character here after skip died. [it shows ash's skill](<url>) that [he could force a whole gang](<url>) surrounding him into a corner.
another cute asheiji scene after that, [eiji got a lot prepared](<url>) while ash was out meeting with cain. [such a big difference](<url>) between [eiji's enthusiasm](<url>), and [ash's reactions](<url>) to [what he's eating](<url>). [ash not being subtle with "old geezer"](<url>) there lol, he's only 19 man...
major shift in tone [when ash goes in person to kill some of arthur's men](<url>). [the lighting here](<url>) reminds me of the early episodes, perhaps symbolic of [what ash is returning to](<url>)... [which even he realises](<url>), though he'll deny it to eiji in the next scene.
ash arrives back and [eiji's quick to point out the signs](<url>) of [what he just got up](<url>) to - [eiji makes a stand, but is he right?](<url>). [atleast he got one thing definitely correct.](<url>) but then [ash points out the huge difference between his world](<url>) and the one eiji is used to, and that [morality makes no difference](<url>). eiji [prompts him](<url>) to [rethink though by bringing up his deceased friends](<url>)... ash continues to be like the most relatable character, [struggling with a "gift" others don't understand](<url>) and [he has never wanted](<url>)...
[ash's gang are adorable](<url> - [how exactly do these guys](<url>) go around killing people, or is it the rest of the gang that does that? we're reminded again of ash's smarts when [we find him in the library with several books](<url>) by his side (which books, though?). how ash and eiji's argument plays out is so relatable too, with ash initially getting angry when the truth is told to him, [still pouting the next morning](<url>), but then [acknowledging eiji was right](<url>). relationship watch: [eiji calls ash his friend (*tomodachi*) here.](<url>). [nice visuals in this scene](<url>).
ash's pieced a lot together about the drug banana fish on his own... it's not just about the mafia but has wider geopolitical ramifications. ofcourse dino is in it just for the money, nevermind how many people die. i think this was central america rather than the middle east in the manga, so they must have rewrote a bunch of details. [and still ash hasn't told eiji he's going home](<url>) just the day after - i guess that's going to cause even more trouble next week. [max is perceptive about](<url>) about [ash's relationship with eiji](<url>) - [is that ash blushing i can see](<url>)?
[the pumpkin scene seems kind of inevitable](<url>) after last week, [but seeing how different ash is here](<url>) to [earlier in the](<url>) episode [is quite the contrast.](<url>) [eiji is so into his househusband role he's already familiar](<url>) with all the housewives in the block.
[eiji's reaction to being asked if he has a girlfriend](<url>) was rather interesting. then [ash revealed a relationship](<url>) he [had with a girl when he was younger](<url>). [she got killed for getting too close to him though](<url>) - he [probably told the story as a hint to eiji](<url>). [ash doesn't want to get into an argument](<url>) again on their last night together.
man, this series has the best endings to each episode...[eiji is turned away, sleeping](<url>) and [ash looks conflicted watching over him](<url>). then he leaves to fight with arthur, like we see in the op, [covering his eyes](<url>) before [heading into the darkness.](<url>)
damn, amazon was later than usual this week. no episode next week either, episode 13 airs on the 4th.
------
> you just like all the religious holidays we have? sure, i can see why someone would feel that is a promotion of religion. your point? > please give one example of the lgbt community in singapore demanding that children be taught about homosexuality. * i assume you're referring to sex ed classes. in which case, i don't really see any valid reason to not include homosexuality in the curriculum. you do realize that being gay isn't a choice, right? - * u / ceddya > okay then, what recourse do you propose for someone who's rejected service on the basis on discrimination? > > keeping in mind that singapore wouldn't have anti - discrimination laws like the us has, so you don't have to worry about anyone suing a business. just go to another establishment. what is my recourse as a christian publisher doesnt sell me my religious book? none, i just get it from someone else > except the bakery didn't advertise itself as a straight wedding only one. if you don't want to serve lgbt couples, why not just advertise it publicly to avoid such issues? they probably dont want to bake a cake for a neonazi gathering or kkk cross burning either. how is it practical to advertise all the various events the baker will not take part in > the reality is that the bakery wants the ability to discriminate against certain customers whilst avoiding the backlash via people ( who are opposed to said discrimination ) boycotting it. you can't have you cake and eat it too its not discrimination. he should have the liberty to determine in which events he wants to participate in, for which ceremonies he wants to use his artistic skills in. and he did suffer a backlash, he has gotten death threats. recently when the courts forced him to bake cakes for all occassions, he had to drop the service completely and lose 40 % of his revenue. his gay couple purposefully seeked out a business that would reject baking a cake for their wedding, so i can make a big hoo haa of it. all the baker did was excercise his obligation to not bake a cake, he even claimed they could buy a cake off his shelf. who's the real victim here? tell * " you can't have you cake and eat it too " * to your fellow far - left and lgbt friends. they cannot provide for liberty and rights while simultaneously trying to infringe on other's > that being said, i don't know how you reconcile being against businesses being discriminatory and rejecting services while also being opposed to forcing a business to serve someone they're discriminating against. isn't that quite the dichotomy? again, it is not discrimination
------
no, it isn't. he's ( and i'm assuming it's a he ) isn't saying that clothes or the type of clothes make it okay to rape or harass, he is saying that sexual attraction isn't something you can switch on / off as it can be distracting. this is a fact, for all genders and orientations. he's saying that because we all know this and have all relatively accepted it, that's why we all have generally agreed that certain clothes are more professional than the others. clothes enhance and minimize your sexuality, that's a fact. if i wore a tight shirt, you bet your ass that might make me appear more sexy than if i wore a baggy shirt that didn't compliment my shape. because sexual attraction can't be fully controlled ( though it can be not acted upon, which is something he admits is the case ), the whole " teach men not to be distracted " is important because it goes against basic urges, urges, that he argues, women would have if they were surrounded by attractive guys. the simple fact is that the genders live in a very sexual atmosphere. for the average guy, the vast majority of girls are attractive. for girls, it doesn't always seem obvious that's the case. this inequality of attraction leads into a fundamental misunderstanding between genders even those in the middle or outside of just " guy " and " girl. " i think for a fact even when i am attracted to someone, my eyes just naturally, even unwillingly, gravitate towards them. despite how hard i try not to appear because i'm looking at them, i can't help but want to. it would imagine we've all had the experience. clothes can cause a similar reaction, sometimes even by design. that's why it's probably little unfair to penalize men from women because of their natural impulse to be distracted by the sex they are attracted to. of course, there's a difference between penalizing that and talking about it openly and getting them to realize that you should harrass anyone. i'm in the middle on this one. personally, i believe clothing is a statement you choose to make to everyone else. people design clothes to be cute, sexy, comfy, useful and that's implicit in the article you are wearing. if i wore a suit and tie, you probably wouldn't expect me to be going hiking. if i wore my clubbing outfits, you probably would be noticing the things they accentuate and maybe, though it's not always clear, it's because i want you to. rape isn't a crime that's based on attraction, not all forms of it at least. rape usually is an expression of power dynamics. rapists don't care usually how you are dressed, they care whether or not you are a weak and easy target. women should not be demonized because of the clothes they choose to wear just as men shouldn't be demonized for being attracted and distracted by the beauty of women. tl ; dr : if you can admit that a person of the sex you are attracted to is wearing nothing or scantly anything and that might distract you, then you can understand why it distracts other people of other genders. the distraction is healthy, it's evolutionarily beneficial, and it's endearing when people are in a relationship. men can be distracted by clothes meant to enhance or highlight characteristics, but the distraction isn't grounds to be harassed or raped ever.
------
1. no one can talk about what submarines do because submarine operations are mostly classified. some of the unclassified things we do are exercises and training. for example, anti-submarine warfare (asw) is difficult. often submarines will participate in exercises with friendly surface ships so that they can practice against them. other times submarines will go to sea and practice combat drills or engine room drills. (lots of things can go wrong in the engine room between the reactor and the steam plant. you have to practice so you know exactly what you need to do when those problems arise.
2. submarine depths / max depths are also not to be discussed openly. they can dive in excess of 400 ft and can travel at speeds in excess of 20 knots. (take these values with a grain of sea salt.)
3. sub vs. sub battles are not really a thing so much any more. we practice them all the time, and i think maybe the south koreans have gotten into a few submarine scuffles with the north koreans. nothing like what you would hear in the days of wwii. the "problem" is that the only nations with submarines that are at parity with us submarines are the big ones. if you're in a "real" submarine battle with two highly capable nuclear submarines, that's sorta like a wwiii scenario.
4. attack submarines have a crew of about 125 - 150. ballistic missile submarines are much larger and have a larger crew. you're right, you need people to do all those things, and not only that, you need enough people to do all those things in three "teams." no one wants to perform those functions 24 hours a day, so you need enough people to hand those responsibilities over to so the crew can rest, eat, do administrative work, maintenance, etc.
5. i won't go into specifics on bandwidths and comms capabilities, but the fundamental problem with transmitting a signal from a submarine is that it can be intercepted. even if the signal can't be deciphered, it can alert to anyone listening that a submarine is there. submarines are very careful about transmitting data, and prefer to listen as much as they can as opposed to transmitting. even when submarines do transmit data, a dish is used to form a beam, transmitting the data to a specific point instead of omni-directionally.
6. there's no real push for vr to entertain the crew. there's really not all that much space to take a lot of equipment with you. today, a laptop is about as much as you need to entertain yourself. most of the crew prefers to watch movies or play video games. there's three messing areas on a submarine. one for the enlisted crew, one for the chiefs (senior enlisted), and one for the officers (the wardroom.) each one has a flat screen tv in it, and it's not uncommon to have a ps4 or xbox hooked up to them. aside from that, there's no overwhelming effort to try and improve submariner life to that degree. you just sort of accept that your life is gonna kinda suck and be a little quiet for a few months. (this is also probably why submariners always get into trouble when we pull into port and get some liberty.)
------
i'm about to upgrade my monitor, and am trying to justify my decision in choosing an upgrade path.
tldr:
don't want to lock myself into nvidia or amd, but needs a monitor upgrade. would a 144hz monitor with vsync suffice as long as my card pumps out at least 72fps?
at this point in time, i don't want to lock myself to either nvidia or amd. i'm about to upgrade to a used gtx 1070 very soon, but i'm also eager to jump to team red as soon as amd comes up with a viable (and available!) alternative. however, no one knows when this will ever happen.
edit: i actually wanted vega56, but i can't find any good used ones. used gtx1070 are much cheaper than new vega56s, i can't justify getting them at this price point.
so, with that in mind, i'm in the market to buy a 144hz monitor for gaming purposes, but without g/freesync. i mainly play single player games, aside from guild wars 2 and overwatch.
i've been reading quite a bit about g/freesync and v-sync... here's my understanding on what they do:
\- the monitor (without g/freesync) will poll the gpu at a constant rate, which is its refresh rate. if the gpu's frame rate is not in sync with the monitor's polling rate, then at a certain point in time, the monitor will try to render two frames (one outdated, and one incomplete). this causes screen tearing, as explained nicely in this forum post from 2005: [<url>](<url>))
\- v-sync creates a rule such that the monitor can only display completed frames. with only two buffers, it limits both the gpu and monitor, such that the monitor must wait for a complete frame before displaying a frame, and the gpu must wait until the buffer has been cleared (displayed) by the monitor before rendering a new frame. if the gpu's frame rate is less than the monitor's polling rate, this rule will cut the frame rate as perceived with our eyes in discrete fractions (1/2, 1/3, 1/4, etc). the fact that we're slowing down frame rates also means that we're increasing input lag / responsiveness as perceived on screen.
\- with triple buffering v-sync, the gpu has another buffer to write to without having to wait for the old frame to be displayed, so we'd get less of a frame rate penalty, but with the cost of using up more memory.
\- g/freesync modulates the monitor's polling rate such that it will sync up with gpu's (possibly inconsistent) frame rate. this means the monitor will always display complete frames, as pumped out by the gpu. the gpu is always free to go as fast as possible.
so to conclude, let's say i have a 144hz monitor, these are the scenarios with regular v-sync:
\- if my gpu can output only 75fps: in practice, i'd perceive 72fps (half of 144hz, since it requires 2 monitor refresh cycles for the gpu to produce 1 complete frame)
\- if my gpu outputs more than 48fps, but less than 72fps: in practice, i'd perceive 48 fps (1/3 of 72hz, since it requires 3 monitor refresh cycles for the gpu to produce 1 complete frame)
doesn't this mean that, as long as my gpu pumps out at least 72 fps, i'd see a (relatively) buttery smooth performance on my screen with only v-sync? (i'm not sure i can tell the difference between, say, 72 fps and 90 fps)
with that being said, i suppose g/freesync would be great for when my fps dips between 48 and 72, since that's about the borderline between smooth and stuttering performance.
but other than those cases, wouldn't a 144hz monitor with v-sync be 'smooth' enough as long as my gpu stays above 72fps?
please correct me if i'm wrong in my understanding of how these things work.
ps: by the way, i also saw this video the other day. i may end up going this path, since this implies that choosing g/freesync no longer means being locked to nvidia / amd:
[<url>](<url>)
------
\ > it does so because someone told it to. when someone trains an ml algorithm, it's because someone told it to... someone had to go down and tune said algorithm using said scripts... your " someone told it to " doesn't quite hold up as nothing would be considered ai / learning in that case. someone entered the parameters to run a recursive algorithm for n iterations ( on models that can run forever ) to build a model. someone made the decision to run a specific type of model using specific parameters ( or ran a sweep to figure out the optimal parameters ). someone did this, but the model is still considered ml. someone told it told it to run some algorithm to generate said model. it was ml though. \ > whose decision? i'm confused too, what decision? the only time i even used the word decision was " decision table model ". depending on how the model is learned, it can be ml. what we know, they started with 10s of thousands of images classified by humans. they then created an decision table from sensor information for said images. this created correlations between each of the sensor features to the the scene of the image. the question is, did a team of people come up with the correlations, or did they turn to an ml algorithm to learn these? we know the outcome is a decision table which is a decision tree. if a human manually went through and correlated the 10s of thousands feature sets to each classification, then it's not ml. if they didn't, and instead turned to a decision tree that makes its judgments based on gini, information gain, etc. then it is ml. the thing is we don't know, the article linked doesn't go into the specifics of how it was done. it just shows us the final model which was fairly simple ( granted there were few features, so it most probably would be simple ). someone then hard coded one final decision model for the camera to use so it looked quicker to run at runtime. \ > machine based learning would be like a computer that is reading popularity of different images and immediately starts to classify what makes an image desirable. you've conjoining two things here ( one of which is ml, the other most likely not ). you have " classify " ( possibly wrong use of the word ) what makes an image desirable \ [ i \ ] and classify whether an image is desirable ( implied ) \ [ ii \ ]. \ [ ii \ ] is ml if the machine learns the patterns to make the classification, \ [ i \ ] doesn't necessarily have to be. i can train a model to classify pictures as desirable or not using many algorithms ( ensembles of trees, svms, cnns, nns, etc. ). if i use a cnn or nn, figuring out why it's desirable is extraordinarily difficult and isn't quite learned and isn't ml. it's an analysis of said model by some human. how is it done? i don't know, it's an open research problem. if i use ensembles or svms, i could pull out important features, and rank them. many ensembles have built in metrics to compute these, svms are linear models ( bigger weight = more important ). it can be argued that the important features of the model aren't ml, while the model itself is ml. note that for the example of the classification of scene, i could do \ [ i \ ] in a crude statistical way manually. it wouldn't be ml. i could also do \ [ ii \ ] in a crude way and it wouldn't be ml. but i could also do \ [ ii \ ] in a standard ml fashion ( using a decision tree, nn, svm, etc. ) and it would be considered ml. whether or not it's ml is entirely in the way the model is found. it's not whether the model is coded ( learned ml models can easily be coded for efficiency ), it's not whether or not it's automated... it's how it is learned / found. if a computer / machine learned it, it's ml. if not, then not. we don't know whether this particular example is ml ( to determine that, we would need methodology to get the model, not just the results of said model ).
------
restricting the definition of " higher education " to universities is a bit silly. particularly during the time in question, when fewer than 20 % of people in britain could read and write well enough to sign their own name on a university certificate. the cohorts of people for whom university was an option were the parents whose parents were wealthy enough to send them to k thru 12. which wasn't a lot. skilled trades were most people's route out of abject poverty and into a lifestyle somewhat approaching the middle class. in england, women were not officially barred from any of the trade guilds. in 1432, there were " sistren " listed among the " brethren " on the roster of gentleman blacksmiths in london. there were female master tinsmiths, goldsmiths, silversmiths, butchers, blacksmiths, fishermen and brewers ( women's rights - - particularly unmarried women - - in the last two led to the common feminine surnames webster and brewster ). there were two types of women who generally entered a trade. the first were orphans, whose poor prospects of making a good marriage made the path to mastery seem worthwhile - - indentured before the age of 10, days of unpaid apprenticeship that could be little better than slavery, then years more of travel as a journeyman, culminating in your early to mid 20s. the second were widows of tradesmen who could demonstrate they'd learned the trade from their husbands'sufficiently to carry on the business, train apprentices and train journeymen. anyway, given coverture, it would make sense that parents of means would see their sons'best option as going into a profession ( hence, university ), and their daughters'best option as learning the skills involved in running a household, maintaining social and professional networks, and assisting with running their future husband's business - - all things that could be taught in finishing schools or at home through privately hired tutors. this is because women from families of people who were marriageable had a legal entitlement can be supported by their husbands, while the reverse was not the case. to be absolutely blunt, in order to be marriageable, he * needed * a job and an income. she did not. that there were some talented women who were unable to realize their grand dreams of entering a profession is certainly true. but the vast majority of women ( and men ) were not in the position to study university in the first place, mostly because less than 20 % of them could read or write, and women's exemption from financial obligation ( to their husbands, their children and even themselves ) probably benefited way more women than it penalized. incidentally, there was some pushback at times to women in the trades. that pushback occurred when work was scarce, and reflected the greater financial responsibility placed on men under the law. those who needed a job to fulfil their legal duty to support themselves and others would certainly resent being displaced in their work by people who were entitled to be supported by others. so here we have the double edged sword. when rights are expensive, you limit them to those who bear commensurate responsibility. women did not bear equal responsibility under the law.
------
ehh, it's also hard to compare because vanilla was very different from every other expansion. it would be far easier to compare tbc than vanilla. i think you misunderstand what i'm after and i'll want to differentiate it from what you said. i want the ability to get gear from pvp, not from having to do pve if we don't enjoy it. forcing a pve player to do something to gear would be absolutely unacceptable, so it's silly that the other way around is so common place. let us get gear by doing the content i desire without forcing me to do the content that women don't. just like you did from tbc through wod. i want the ability to target a specific piece of gear that i need ( legs, gloves, etc. ) instead of getting twelve chest pieces while i'm still stuck with my ilvl 280 green legs and having 345 + in every other slot. if i do pve i can farm an instance that drops legs. but that's impossible in pvp. i want the ability to target specific stats that my spec needs. some classes / specs need crit and not haste. if i need those in pve, i can target a specific drop from a specific boss in pve, but i can't do that in pvp. the removal of this bullshit rng. i can put in so much play time but i can get fucked by never getting pants. hell, sometimes rng is so bad i don't even get anything for ages. even if a boss has a 10 % drop chance on those legs that i want with the exact stats i desire, i should get it after about 10 runs. even if i have bad luck and it takes twice as long, that's around 20 runs. eventually i will get it. but i can spend 50x as much time with pvp and still never get those legs. and even if i eventually do get them and finally i get the legs. well fuck, they're stats those are useless for my class / spec. i want the ability to guarantee progression. i'm not asking for a handout. i'm willing to put the work in. i'm willing to earn it. i'm willing to farm. but at least guarantee that i progress by earning honor so eventually i can buy it. just like we had with badges of justice and other cu ##rrencies. you were always making progress so eventually you could get something for your efforts. just like above, eventually i will get the drop i want off of that boss, or i can use a currency to get something. no such thing exists like that for pvp. i want them to bring honor back. also, the idea that we want casual battleground gear to be " good " isn't that we want it to be great. i just want it to be like it was in wod. entry level gear that i could farm in order to begin doing arenas, where i would earn my actual good gear from. i'm not asking for mythic + level gear. i want to be able to farm the gear that you use before you get into the big boy stuff, just like you farm heroics before you jump into mythics. as for vanilla, that was a different game. not everyone even made it to max level, and of the people who were max level, greens were the average gear worn by most players with blues being above average and what you would use in raids. even people with epic gear would still be covered in blues. epics actually reflected their name and were truly epic, being far less common. nowadays you will be in full epics before you even step foot into a raid. on top of this, raids were 40 man and dropped much less gear per kill. so 40 people competing for less than 5 pieces of gear. there were only 9 classes and only 8 available to a faction ( so an even higher % of people who are the same class as you than today ), and no personal loot. so you would have to hope that one of the very few pieces that dropped was for your armour type, and then compete against multiple people for it. it was normal to get one item upgrade a month. some guilds even downed chromaggus 25 - 30 times before seeing the judgment shoulders drop. so with gearing being so much harder in pve, it made sense that it was so much harder in pvp back then too. so you can't compare vanilla pve to modern pvp, since even vanilla pve is so different from modern pve. and vanilla pvp was so different from modern pvp. that's not comparing apples to oranges, that's comparing apples to cows. bottom line is, pvp players today need a way to gear through the content that they enjoy, and shouldn't have to gear through pve in order to do pvp. and since gearing is so much easier in pve today, it's unfair to shit on the people who want gearing in pvp today to be somewhat comparable. and finally we ( or at least i ) don't want free handouts or the best gear. i just want a way to earn and reliably farm specific gear that will be competitive entry level gear so that i can begin the serious content ( rated pvp ), just like pve players have heroics / mythics to farm their competitive entry level gear to their serious content ( mythic + / raids ). and i'd be perfectly happy if it took a decent amount of time to farm that gear. if i could farm 340 gear from pvp in equal or even slightly longer amount of time that it took me to farm that gear from normal mythics, i'd be happy. farming 340 gear from mythics isn't hard and doesn't take long to be fully decked out in 340 very shortly after hitting max level. once i have done that, then i can move on to high key mythic + and raids. if i could farm 340 gear from pvp, then i can move on to rated battlegrounds and rated arenas. i just want to be able to get that gear from the content i enjoy. even if it takes a little longer. hell, i have 360 and 370 gear from the weekly world quest. i'm not asking for more. i'm not asking for it easier. i'm just asking for the option to get equal stuff, and the ability to actually get it. even if it's harder / longer, just so long as it actually happens and i can work towards it.
------
it's an emerging technology that also happens to be incredibly complex. it's not going to be perfect on the one try, and people be going to make mistakes. the important part is the idea behind it and the problems it's trying to solve. when i hear people lay down that narrative, along with stuff like " oh well clearly crypto is unsafe, look at all the crypto that was stolen in all those hacks! ", usually ending up boiling it down to " it's a dumb technology that's fundamentally bad and anyone who advocates for it is an idiot ", when i hear that, i just think that people are fundamentally misunderstanding the problem. yes, those are obviously huge issues. but they aren't issues in the overall technology ( but you can call it that ), they're just issues in implementation. all those exchanges that got hacked? that's not a problem with bitcoin or ether or any other crypto, that's an issue with how those companies handled security, as it's an issue of not having a mature platform where people can actually store their crypto securely. most people keep their crypto on exchange - hosted wallets instead of cold - storage, which is an inherently much less secure practice. but there's a simple reason for that. it's way more convenient. once we have secure and convenient ways to store it, this will no longer be a concern. ( or at least a much smaller one ). another thing people like to argue is " power has no inherent value ". you could tell your electricity provider of all that power you used to mine crypto " has no inherent value ", but i doubt that'll work out too well. the " value " it's given is based on the cost of mining. and mining is basically just another way of saying " running the system ". now one problem that exists in most cryptocurrencies today is that mining uses way too much power and there are more efficient ways to do it. but again, it's an emerging technology. people will keep figuring out better and better ways of doing it, and it'll become more and more efficient. one of the problems, i think, is that users think of it the same way as " money ". but it's a totally different animal. the way i think of it is, money is like math, where crypto is like programming. math is great and fundamental to so many things, and you can do a lot of great things with it. but then programming * uses * math, or maybe i should say math is an important component of programming. but it can also do soooo many things that math can't. or at the very least makes it immensely easier. i don't know why i felt the need to write all that out, i guess i just followed the thread of where my thoughts were going. but if nothing else i hope i gave you a bit of a different perspective on the matter. and just a side note, " riddled with " means there's an abundance of something. i'm guessing that's not what you meant ; )
------
so this all happened in june, and i'm only writing about it now because the situation actually got solved. as the broke english student i am i found a website that offered me money for my notes about classes and old exams that i have taken, extremely simply procedure that consists of simply uploading pdfs on the web, viewing them, and then getting a d on my application. i think " great! i make money and i can help kids seeing what to expect on the exam by seeing the old ones ". the fact that i scanned all my exams and kept them in my google drive to have them as possible study material made the whole process easier. i upload 5 documents from my organic chemistry class and get paid < cur > 25, i figure that i might as well do it for all the classes, more money to buy alcohol you know? in the span of a couple days i upload about 120 documents for subjects such as economics, physics, calculus that span from old exams to notes to summaries about the whole class, pretty much my old study materials. i get a couple hundred bucks and go buy my, at the time, well deserved degree. fast forward a month, and i have just given all my finals, got my 4. 0 this term and i am happily preparing to go back home. i wake up one morning with an email from my email professor informing me that due to the content i uploaded he is gonna fail me in the class even if i finish it with an a. i immediately realize, i start freaking out. to make matters worse, i get an email from my physics professor with the same exact content, failing the class even though i passed it. now i am actually freaking the fuck out, i am an international student in the us so now i'm scared my visa is gonna get cancelled and that i am a dead man. next day i receive an email from the director of student affairs asking to meet me to answer the question. i'm hoping he will just give me a slap on the wrist and tell me to not do it again. i meet him and after a two hour meeting he informs me that most likely i will be expelled from the school, not allowing me to enroll at the university i was transferring to and ultimately revoking my visa. i get home and have an absolute breakdown, i can't tell my parents because they will fucking disown me so i have this weight on my back that's literally killing me. however, the decision wasn't final so the director asks to meet me again the next week. every day that passes it becomes worse. i don't know what to do with myself. i have so much shit going one that i start having suicidal thoughts, i am at the lowest point of my life ( i've been lucky enough to never have experienced any real problems ). the day comes and the fucking director tells me that he will not give me a final decision today and that he will contact me via email, due to the fact that i am leaving to go back to my home country and won't be in the states to personally see him. i fly back home, and after approximately three days i get an email informing me that i have been suspended for the summer term, i have a 2500 word paper about academic integrity and my gpa has been lowered to a 1. 0 for the term. however, i will be able to transfer to the university i was planning to go and i will get to keep my academic scholarship. additionally, i have to write a paper of 2500 words about academic integrity that includes interview to two professors along with some other assignments that will be communicated me later. fast forward a couple of months and i am currently on a plane flying towards my new college, with a hue weight off my shoulders. tl ; dr i uploaded old college exams on the internet, went from a 4. 0 to a 1. 0 for the term, nearly got expelled and deported. edit : i forgot to add that i had to remove all the documents i uploaded, only way to do so was refunding the company that paid me via paypal. so overall, i didn't end up earning one cent. edit 2 : holy fuck this blew up way more than i expected. i've been getting a lot of mixed reactions, people feeling bad for what happened ( which they shouldn't ) and people ripping my asshole apart ( rightfully so ). just to specify a few things that i might have gone over too quickly. the exams were semester old exams / weeks old, as i wanted to make sure nobody could benefit from the uploads as they would have been required to already take it. secondly my gpa for the term was lowered to a 1. 0, this impacted my overall gpa a tiny bit but i was still able to secure an academic scholarship at the university i transferred to. i didn't post it the tifu with the purpose of saying " fuck my college they are a bunch of douchebags ", it was more with the intent to show how little, at the time meaningless, actions can fuck up your future, big time. especially because i just assumed i would be able to do in the us things that i used to do in high school back at home. i am grateful to the school for the course of action they took, as i know that things could have been way way worse. you live and you learn.
------
i was at this place called acs where i met this man named chris. i was there for treatment while this guy lived on the top floor in an appartment. i was there for drug use and scitzophrenia. i was paranoid cops where after me and that people could hear my thoughts. so i thought this man named chris was a cop so we played a basketball game of pig. earlier in my life i saw a vision of blessed mother mary on top of our milking barn. while i was playing with him i kept saying in my head.. let me go i saw mary. i took three outside 3 pointers and every time time i shot i thought the thought. if i make this shot i saw a vision of mary. after i missed all three shots he turned to me and asked.. do you know mother teresa? at this point i was like okay.. that was weird. we proceeded to play the game and later he wanted me to listen to these three cds. this is what the tree were named. the book of enoch, something like 'christmas music', and misty edwards. while we were playing basketball he had on a black vest. he went into his room and came back out a purple zipper pull tab. while i slept i listened the the enoch, christmas music instrumentals, and the first song of the misty edwards cd. i then gave the cd and cd player back to him. i then went into his room and he wanted me to read this single page from revelation. i then read one line from the middle of the paper which read he who holds the world and handed it back to him. i then left the room and went on with my day. i later went outside to smoke a cigarette and i sat next to him and without me paying any attention he elbowed my elbow. i then later went to an aa meeting with this girl named summer whiting. i also thought she was a cop so i would talk to her and be nice to her. i noticed she was carrying a purple gateraide. she sat by me and at the end of the meeting we were about to hold hands and say the lord's prayer and summer put her head down and said i'm sorry. she then held my hand until the prayer was over and while we were saying the prayer i felt something deep within. like something was eating at my insides. i then later saw chris and summer sitting outside together where it looked like chris was avoiding her and she was smiling and talked to him. my time was up at asc and i got moved to the arbor halfway house. she followed me to arbor and wrote me a letter thanking me for being there for her and what not. i she asked me if i would sit with her while she smoked a cigarette. i said yes as i quit smoking and chewing a couple weeks earlier. all this happened in oct, nov, and dec of 2017. she was then listening to a song by griz where she was singing along and said i'm the reaper. after i heard this i completely avoided her and wouldn't talk to her until one night she got a dui and was crying and asked if i would talk to her. before this she played that one youtube video of will ferrel video of the song don't fear the reaper while will ferrell says i need more cowbell. while at acs we used to eat these sour mike and ikes. then at arbor she gave me another box. about 6 months before this i was walking to my parents house on the highway and i was walking in the line in the middle kinda hoping to get hit. by the grace of of god i almost got hit a semi and the semi almost hit the ditch. jesus had more planned for me. i was then mopping the floor and i saw summer walk the vinyl line. i later was in the kitchen and i set my cup down on the table and i noticed that the way my cup looked by all the other ones i looked like a stella consolation. later on in the day i went to the kitchen and i saw summer by the island with cups and a blue power aide as the stella star. and as soon as i saw it she walked away. i was then sitting in the living watching tv when summer came out of her room and i thought i heard something almost like i heard her thought. she asked me if she could use my calling card because the phone wouldn't go long distance. i went and grabbed my card and went i handed it to her she touched me and i never heard it again. she then tried going around halfway house giving stuff to people to try and touch them is what i think. flashback to before she got this dui. i was sitting in the living room on the chair watching tv again and she asked people if they wanted to go to the strawberry a bar in town. she asked two people and either i never heard them say anything or they never said anything and just follows her. she then sat on the arm rest of the chair and put her arm around me and said let's go to the strawberry. i said no and would barely talk to her. she said i want to kiss you. if i remember right still didn't say anything. maybe said no about a couple times. she then gave up and the three left. the guy that was sitting in the chair next to me when over to the calendar hanging on the wall and started lightly banging his head on it in front of me. now this is where it gets crazy. about a week or two before this i was laying in bed. and i thought do you want to lick me amd then i vfelt someting like touch my neck and i heard in her voice like a licking noise and a haha. i then had the thought.. what if i kill you? i then heard a voice in that sounded like hers say.. pewwwww boom. i then went to bed. it was either that night or a a few nights later i was sound asleep and i woke up to what felt like someone or something was holding my head to the side to where i couldn't move and i felt something bite my neck. i then became angry and several moments later i kept thinking i'm gonna kill you. i then did not sleep with my lamp or room light off until my roomate came/ she left. while i was writing this in the tractor tonight i had one airpod in and as soon as i wrote the name chris i heard like a whip noise and then the first time i wrote summer whiting i also heard a whipping noise. now this is as truthfully as i can remember and put it. remember to put jesus in your heart. you guys can think what you want. what are your thoughts?
------
> well, i think sniper should be nerfed because there's not really any viable way to counter a good sniper except for another good sniper or an ubercharge if spy wasnt so bloody bad at the higher skill levels and had more options to getting places without just walking their ( while invis ) like if he had a grappling hook to bypass come barriers then spy would be a better counter to sniper and people would actually consider spy to be a counter to sniper. infact the ambassador was a massively useful tool to counter spying as sniper could often have a razorback or be sitting next to other people or sentries to make killing sniper harder to do, 102 on a class that didnt move alot ( sniper scoped in ) is enough to atleast make the sniper go " oh shit " and back away for a moment, and thats assuming the spy cant get another headshot or a couply of body shots to properly kill the sniper before being forced the cloak away > as for spy, he had to get nerfed because he's supposed to surprise enemies and punish them for not paying attention, not barge in there almost guns blazing. whether or not you think spy should have options outside a " surprise backstab " is an opinion, not a fact, and if you think spy should be forced into being a surprise sniper class then you should also believe other classes that have subclasses should be nerfed into unplayability, a few examples is demoknight and trolldier both being pick classes that originated from explosives classes should we nerf the market gardener or the demo shields? > i think i get what you mean and to a certain extend i even agree, but the weapons you mentioned fill the classes'roles ( i. e. doing damage up close ), unlike spy with the amby. you mention filling certain classes roles but an often overlooked part of one of spies roles is lining up low health targets ( which is why spy can see the enemies health ) he can look around the battle field and see who is low health and easy to kill, the ambassador fits this role perfectly as hitting a headshot once is and hitting a second one on someone who now knows your there and so they can actively dodge you is extremely difficult to the point that even prem platinum gun spies can look like they cant aim, so hitting 102 on people who have already been in combat and are retreating low health with the amby fulfill ##s one of spies roles perfectly > > yet your complaining it turned spy into something else like a scout for example > because it did, he was way too good at medium to even long distance and could 2 - shot most of the classes. he was like sniper, but more of a medium distance sniper. though if you were really good, you could still snipe at long distances. if you really want to see spy playing like scout then you should watch [ h. a. r. d ] ( < url > ) play spy, he literally plays it like scout at times, using the dead ringer and the spycycle and the revolver ( not the ambassador ) if your problem with the gunspy playstyle is that it turns spy into scout then your looking at the wrong weapon, you should be looking at the deadringer not the ambassador
------
#aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
------
> you say this, but you seem to be coming from a very privileged place of not having a ton of bullshit that costs more money than you could have hoped to save hit you. i'm not projecting, i'm actually in a good place financially, but i do appreciate the concern. i am aware, unlike other people it seems, that stuff happens that is out of others control that costs a ridiculous amount of money that is in no way their fault, nor could they have even hoped to get out of that pit without help.
we grew up "privileged" sure. if by that you mean we had to work incredibly hard to get what we have. i'm not going to apologize for busting my ass to get what i have. we had the same type of shit happen to us just like anyone else. we never asked to have our life savings stolen from us when our house was broken into. the difference is, is that we refused to roll over for it and instead just knuckled down and worked harder. you know what happened because of it? we all ended up much more well off because of our hard work.
>sounds like you haven't had to experience too many awful, crazy people. good for you!
ha, if you only knew.
>sounds like you misunderstood. i said fire fighters, not forest service. also, sounds like you either a) have a terrible forest service or b) they were not funded enough. both could be the case but the latter is too common due to the tax mismanagement i was talking about before.
jesus dude who do you think fights wildland fires? its the blm and forest service moron. both of which i will agree: they're terrible at their job even though they are funded out the fucking nose.
>sounds like someone's parents were very privileged to be able to do that, as well as smart with their money. also sounds like you have very little not thought for others. you should really look into that, your privileged life is coming through a little bit there bud.
privileged to be smart with their money? and we're supposed to be penalized and/or ashamed of that? no, i don't have very little respect for others because of dipshits like you who assume that this was all just handed to me. fuck you.
>what a great response to something you cant refute. just sounds like you dont like being wrong. please continue making an ass out of yourself. i do hope that nothing particularly bad happens to you, just learn empathy. people, especially you, need it.
i do hope something bad happens to you so you stop breathing my air and trashing my forest. fuck empathy, what we need is a little solidarity.
------
edit : i don't know how anyone else misunderstand a principle this badly, but of course i'm saying in addition to using your front brakes, goof balls. you saw a post where everyone seemed to agree that if your front brakes are powerful, i. e. sport bikes with dual rotors, you're good t go with just front brakes, because they're good enough to pick the rear up, so what benefit would using the rear add? here's why you need to use your rear brake every day your bike slows down : 1. applies your rear brake keeps the bike upright. this means whenever you trail the rear brake into a turn, the bike will have a steady force pulling from the back end of the bike that will stabilize the rear. even a tiny amount of pressure, not enough to slow you down, will give you a much smoother turn in every place. 1. a this is especially important in parking lots and slippery surfaces, your bike will be much more resistant to your weight movement and will be steered by the bars more, giving you a more predictable route and a more vertical bike, which is the end goal of all body lean in the first place. any movement you do on the bike, whether it's leaning off or sitting forward or back during acceleration / deceleration, it's always to achieve the goal of keeping the bike more upright and aligned, and thus stable. 2. your rear brake keeps your bike from diving and bouncing forward and back. when you initially grab front brakes, your weight will cause the forks to compress, and in virtually all events you'll have a slight bounce back after the fork reaches compression because of how springs work. your rear brake, in combination with your swing arm angle, will keep your swing arm in a limited range of motion as long as the brake is applied. to test this, stop with a decent amount of emergency brake, and hold the brake until you're stopped. let go of the rear, and your bike will kick up an inch or two as the swingarm returns to its natural position. this also means that as you hit the fronts, just the act of keeping the swing arm in a limited location will keep the front end from diving and bouncing as much, letting you brake much harder even if the front is doing 95 % of the way. 3. it will smooth out your engine braking, when you're doing so just lightly apply the rear brake, especially in between gears, and the bike will feel much more predictable 4. it will help keep you from lowsiding. in addition to all of the above, if you do happen to start losing your front, the rear tire being braked will serve to straighten out the bike, like a spinning car that suddenly locks the e - brake. it won't save you by itself, but it will keep the bike more upright and in a predictable corner arc, which can help in some situations where the front loses grip. 5. fish tailing the rear as you stop sometimes happens when you hit oil or shitty pavement anyways, so if you can get a good feel for when the rear locks up and how it handles, it will make that situation fun instead of terrifying. 6. your bike is trying to fall at all times. if you're turning and aren't on the throttle, you need to be on the brakes, to keep the bike from wobbling and picking a side to fall on. to test this out go to a parking lot and make tighter and tighter turns, within about 20 feet, and see how stable the bike is once you're off the gas. you won't be able to keep it on the same line without the throttle as you lose momentum and stability. with a little rear brake and throttle, you'll be able to make tighter and tighter stable circles. just don't blame me if you crash! 7. there's no excuse for lazy riding. if you're the type of person who reads reddit motorcycle tips like this in the first place, just take the effort and do it right, your bike will feel completely different and you'll have much more confidence in the course your bike takes through any kind of corner or braking situation. tldr watch twist of the wrist and try things out on your bike to see what does what
------
i went into urgent care with debilitating abdominal pain and dangerously low blood pressure. i was told by the doctor that i should immediately go to the emergency room for evaluation, and that if she could, she would put me in the icu from my bp readings alone.
i went to the er where i was given two shots of morphine and an abdominal ct scan. after a few hours of waiting, around midnight, the male attending physician told me that my "ct was normal," and that i could go home since my pain levels had diminished and i was clearly "feeling better." i looked at him and said, "i'm pretty sure my pain diminished because you gave me morphine. what if i go home and the pain is severe again? how should i treat it and who should i follow up with?" he shrugged and said "i don't think your case warrants being treated with any prescription pain medication. there is nothing abnormal with your body. do you think maybe you're just depressed? sometimes women who have depression feel a physical manifestation of pain." i started sobbing. i wasn't being taken seriously. i had given birth twice and the pain i was experiencing made childbirth feel like a walk in the park. i was sent home with no follow up instructions or medication.
the morphine wore off in the early morning hours and my pain returned worse than the previous day. i called my primary care doctor and she told me to immediately go back to the er. i felt dismayed at the idea of going back and being turned away again. luckily, a different doctor was on call and he immediately ordered an ultrasound. they found my appendix to be inflamed and i was informed that i needed emergency surgery.
i was scared, but also relieved that i had a real diagnosis and i wasn't just being told my pain was "in my head."
an hour or two went by and i get a knock on my door. in walks in the physician from the night before. he said "well, i guess it's a good thing you came back to see us! i double checked with radiology to review your ct from last night and i was told that the radiologist never interpreted your ct. i guess i should have double checked that before sending you home last night. do you need a blanket or anything to make you more comfortable?"
i started sobbing again and felt this urge to punch him. he chose to come into my room when i was alone, my husband had left to take our infant son on a walk, the nurses were all busy with other patients. i felt like he came in to talk to me when he knew that there would be no witnesses to hear about his negligence. he came across as sneaky and had no remorse whatsoever.
anyways, my surgery went well with no complications and i was given adequate pain medication that i could take at home. i'm feeling better now that i'm in recovery.
i want to file a formal complaint with the hospital. that first doctor could have put me in a life or death situation because he didn't believe me and was straight up negligent. trust your gut! be persistent and aggressive with your health care. it might save your life!!
tldr: emergency room doctor told me my abdominal pain could be due to "depression." i was sobbing because of pain. another doctor believed me and ordered more tests that showed i needed surgery.
------
yes it is true. indonesia has been literally marketing itself to the world as the alternative to china. same with malaysia. india is also clamoring that they can handle more manufacturing. uhhhhh please cite examples. sure you'd like an example to prove mine, look at data storage manufacturing. companies like seagate and western digital moved their manufacturing from mainland china to indonesia and south east asia. even before the tariffs, countries were more interested in china's market than just their manufacturing. you think companies were going to let their ip get stolen? they suffered and put up with it cause it was the way to give access to the chinese consumer market. but times are changing the yuan doesn't show the international promise it once did. china is trying to use the yuan to boost their markets but has failed miserably. look at chinese investment in africa and its silk road projects, major fails. in sri lanka alone, india has been laughing it's ass off at the chinese building a port that cost over a billion dollars and yet no ships show up to it. the chinese are desperately trying to force open new markets for when automation will destroy their business model. you have no clue what you're talking about when you wrote " it's very difficult to find production line to match quality ". not a single clue what you're saying. alibaba is the world leader in doing what you just said isn't easy. alibaba even offers you supplemental insurance in case your order stays fucked up from the factory. once again, you couldn't be ever easier to find suppliers who will match quality. in fact most of them send you samples before you even commit to an order. i work in purchasing for a us manufacturer... yes yes it is easy. only critical components you don't risk your butt on but for cheap plastic components, china is still our go to. with the tariffs we've been looking at down in india and taiwan. we're even in discussion with a mass 3d print shop over in wisconsin. what's interesting is that 3d print shops can work overnight, so where they miss out on mass electronics production, they have advantages of non human labor. once again, you're just making generalities of what common sense might be, that yes it would be extremely difficult to move your major operations from china to another country, but once again you have no idea which you're talking about cause china only allows dual ventures with chinese owned companies. which is why there was even a debate on why there is a trade deficit and how the chinese market is unfair to american companies wanting to do business there. our companies have restricted access that we can't sell freely in china. any business that has that much standing in china, that it would kill their business model to not be in china, would have to be a chinese business lmao yes, do stick to your level of economic comprehension cause china is 1000000x worse off than america from the trade war. americans will have to pay marginally more for cheap consumer goods, that's probably the worst our economy will feel from it. mean while, china's entire private sector was funded through the west. when china opened up in the mid 90's who the fuck think financed all the factory building? groups like hsbc. i don't think you realize just how bad china's private debt is. their government may have surplus but that means jack shit when they keep their currency artificially low to increase exports. so china has to make a decision, its buy back and selling of currency needs to stop so it's currency can float with the market ( which will explode the chinese middle class to a level the world can't imagine, their purchase power will go up tremendously ) which china will never do as a community political state cause of huge population to keep employed, or to accept that western capital is dried up.
------
your analysis is good but i strongly disagree at the conclusion you reached in your first point. regarding who made the right decison. you broke their decision into probability of sucess and decided that since eren did the thing with less probability of winning, he made the short sighted choice and endangered them all. but this is a very narrow way of thinking as it totally takes the results from out of equation. results being what could happen. if it was not so then erwin made every bad decision with his gamble. they could have stayed inside the wall instead of luring eren as bait for female titan the firsttime. they lost the gamble , lost lots of good people , they nearly lost female titan the second time too, they gained nothing from capturing female titan in the end, they sacrifices their entire corps as fodder for the final win, for the truth.
in each fight they had no chance to succeed, high chance of enemy to get eren for people to die and they died plenty but they took into account the alternative that was eventual annihilation. as eren proclaimed early on the series we cant remain complacent and be slaughtered like cattle inside the wall, that choice was taken from them when the enemy attacked and kept on attacking. hiding behind their wall was just waiting for inevitable doom.
their enemy was ruthless and they continued in their pursuit, eren realized this as did erwin and each action has been wrt this fact. option was 1.) play safe, survive for now, be as less prepared as you were at start and get slaughtered stay at mercy of your would be attacker
2.) risk everything and fight. you win , you survive.
sounds familiar well it has been eren's dogma.
"fight to live, risk it all for even a glimmer of real freedom! it doesn't matter what's waiting outside the gate, or what comes in! it doesn't matter how cruel the world can be, or how unjust ! fight. fight. fight. fight! fight!!!"
"if you win, you live. if you lose, you die. if you don't fight, you can't win!"
that has been the driving force behind eren since the start. even after all that has happened the plan became to burden their problems to their future with the slow plan like their ancestors did to them. he has little time left to live but he knows that just refusing to fight wont solve anything and he was not wrong. the enemy was declaring joint war. eren literally attacked after they did declare. what do you think their attacks would change had eren not attacked then. world is more advanced and bigger than what everyone knew and they are still scared, but not eren from start his vision has been set and that has been to walk towards the freedom , well after all he is the wielder of shingeki no kyojin.
in short his plan was not short sighted, his was the one erwin would have gambled on. it is a war, people die. it was always the case.fifth of paradise was annihilated by single , over 200survey corps died to retrieve basement knowledge and seal the wall. had they lost the gamble they would have been annihilated ,enemy would have gotten all titans and as they said they would have no reason to be afraid and they would have destroyed the island. and you think eren's excellent attack's little risk outweighs the gain.
**tldr:eren's decision was not short sighted. it was in line with every decision they did as a team with erwin in command. people are willing to pass on the burden to future children he is not because he has seen what happens then.. he didnt risk 100% safety for uncertain victory, he traded a near certain eventual doom for chance of freedom.**
sorry for poor grammer.
------
that's what i'm nervous about. i have a huge pain threshold/tolerance. i'm currently on 50mcg fentanyl patches 24-7 and take six 10mg hydrocodones a day for the breakthrough pain. plus flexaril for the muscles, lyrica for the nerves, xanax for the panic attacks, naproxen for inflammation, and i get two cortisone shots around my lumbar spine every three months and they're becoming less effective. when i was in the icu, i read the documents and i'm apparently notoriously hard to sedate; i kept waking up trying to pull the tube out of my throat.
- the laws are changing and i'll pretty much need a diagnosis of cancer to stay on the patches according to my doc. i think he'll probably put me on oxycontin when that happens. a couple years ago, my old doctor's husband died and she stopped coming to work. ended up having to bring in a replacement nurse and doctor who wrote prescriptions for me before they sent me a letter discontinuing my care entirely, without a reference to go anywhere. i went to my family's doc next and he filled a prescription for me because i'd be going into seizures for withdrawal otherwise, but they couldn't accept new patients.
by the time i tried the next doctor, my name was on a federal dea/fbi watch list for drug seeking behavior (because i'd seen a succession of different medical professionals over a certain time period seeking controlled substances).
----------
that stigma of appearing to be a junkie/druggie/drug-seeker/doctor-shopper overshadowed all of my attempts at getting care. i was eventually convinced by medical professionals that it was all in my head and i didn't need the drugs; that i was another victim of this opioid crisis. they said i'd feel fine in about two weeks. about a year and a half later, i haven't left my house more than three times. spend 23.5 hours a day in my room, curled in an ball on a pile of unopened bills threatening to sue me. turns out i'd been referred to an "addiction management clinic" without realizing it and they were more interested than getting me off the meds than understanding why i was on them in the first place. took me a couple years to get a new doctor, take every test in the world, and re-establish care. i'd been on the meds for ten years before that happened. so i know what it's like to not have them, and i wanted to kill myself just about every day. i'm pretty worried about cbd not being effective enough. if it's something i can do a little of each, i'm all for it. if it works on it's own, that's great, too. but based on my experiences smoking as a kid, i know it has the opposite effect on me than everyone else.
------
i'm still replying to your other comment but let me get this out of the way first.
hank did not threaten me with a restraining order. hank called me to tell me that mia was threatening one and that i've been told may have been an exaggeration. i reached out to mia's roommate who told me she was just panicked at the sight of me but she overreacted and i'm okay as long as i am not seeking her out.
> mia is only the common denominator because you made her the common denominator with your unrequited love. blaming mia for all this would be the equivalent of blaming helen for the fall of troy.
unrequited love? i had a crush on her for 3 months. the extent of my feelings for her were simply that i wanted to hang out with her more often. we would not have worked together. we are too similar for one and her religious beliefs and my lack of religion would've eventually clashed and i knew it.
> of course it does because every. other. person. who experienced these events disagrees with you.
no. tom for one does not disagree with me over the events and there are other friends that witnessed them all that do not disagree with me either. i saw no real point to including them in my post.
> this doesn't even make sense.
mia and i were really close friends. we were close enough that from the outside, it almost looked like we were in a relationship. we texted daily(i know you are going to think it was just me texting her but it was both of us) and we spent a lot of time together. the only aspect of a relationship that was missing between us was physical intimacy. i've had friends after the fact specifically tell me that mia and i were friends without benefits. given all that, i could understand how my friends came to assume that the falling out was because of one sided feelings but those feelings had been gone for months by that point. if that is to be blamed, it is not on me because i got over them and she could not.
> so he liked the same girl. is that against the rules?
nope, not at all. i remember specifically telling ben when i noticed it that while i didn't think they would work, they are both adults that can do what they wanted. a little courtesy from hank on telling me would've been nice because he knew i was getting over my feelings but it was a minor thing. i was more offended that he cut another friend, larry, from his life over a lack of courtesy in telling him he was interested in his ex pam and then did similar to me but it was still minor.
> this is made up in your head.
how is it made up in my head? their conversation literally went as followed:
* hank: mia really needs to get laid.
* tom: are you going to do something about that?
* hank: maybe
* tom: well if you don't, i might.
it bothered me and i asked multiple people about it who agreed with me.
> because you have been a stalking creep. take responsibility for your actions.
who are you to say i'm a stalking creep? i have not stalked or creeped on anyone in all this. that is now you putting together things in your head. what pieces i have put together are pieces that i already knew, that i have been told, or that i by chance came across like seeing mia on bumble.
------
you seem to forget that it's completely possible to cancel an upgrade normally by only clicking the actual tech lab. so being " cockblocked " would actually be the scenario where it's a fraction of 0. 5s of clicking elsewhere, never ever ever ever would this actually matter whatsoever. maybe i explained the lift - off by mistake badly but it's not about changing the hotkey, since it's not you wanting to not lift off when its happening its about lifting off a different building. the lift off hotkey is universal. what i meant by saying you are much more likely to do so by mistake is that you are almost never in a place where you need to lift off a building researching a hotkey. and for me, and i believe most terrans, we usually end up reflex cancelling the upgrade on the tech lab before lifting off the barracks. sure this might technically be a mistake as it's costing us one extra click but i don't think that one extra click has ever existed in a lost basetrade. as for the analogy ; well you can literally make that counter argument for anything. if your analogy is completely different in terms of severity it's a particularly shitty scenario as it makes any argument able to be refuted with a different analogy. i can argue that in the same way that missclicking a forcefield or lifting off a barracks with a researching tech is a mistake, not keeping tabs on your gateways and transforming them to warp gates is aswell. the forcefield point might be fair. as i said i'm not sure if i necessarily think it's a necessary change either. the argument against this is that a forcefield isn't a binary choice. you can place it on a million different locations by choice and strategic decision making, no one wants to limit that. no terran would ever feel strategically limited if we had to stay one more time to cancel an upgrade. when we actually do cancel an upgrade on an addon its almost always just to get the short term money to build three extra units for an allin or mod, hence we wouldn't wanna lift the rax in the first place. i really do believe the severity does matter to a fairly large extent, see how i'm not arguing that a missplaced building should automically be put in the right position? partly because it would be comparable to the forcefield scenario where it would limit strategic variance, but also because having to cancel a depot and rebuild it, hence losing 25 minerals is a much lesser issue than canceling a win - or - lose upgrade like stim. also canceling stim cause you were anxious to lift the barracks off is in my experience much rarer than doing so by mistake so i'm not sure why you put that in there other than to throw the daftness insult at terrans again. i'm heading to bed now. its 4 : 15 here, i'll continue this conversation tomorrow if need be.
------
firstly, thanks for your measured reply.
i'm conflicted by this statement, or rather by its validity. on one hand, yeah, they expect the extra <cur> and get paid less due to social convention and the customer expects it too, so it's a dick move to expect service and not pay for it. but they chose to work a job with a certain level of risk, one of which is sometimes not getting tip, because on average it pays a lot more than other entry-level jobs (which high-end dining isn't, you need a specific training where i live for fancy restaurants to even look at your application; and they get paid much more than average salary).
yes, it's a callous argument, but i think it's on par with denying someone access to something they can legally expect because they can't pay the extra % for expected service (assuming the waiters does its job up to social expectations), except one is legal and the other isn't (for what it's worth).
another user pointed out that often, the waiter won't know they're not getting a tip until after, i agreed that that's exploitative. i'm genuinely curious, how would you respond to a customer being upfront about it and not expecting anything less than minimal service? i would be scared to eat the food, social expectations means i would think the cook or waiter would spit in my food, and i don't think that's either fair or sustainable.
to get back to your point, yeah, when a person doesn't tip (i do tip), the waiter does lose on forecast/expected money. however, in most situations, they're not actually losing money they've already earned or would have earned. i can easily come up with examples where they would, e.g. a person comes down and sits at a 4-seat table, eats and stays for an hour, demanding constant service etc, the waiter is totally losing money because they can't wait other tables plus the customer is preventing other people from occupying the area and that's more potential money lost. 100% agree there. but how often does that really happen?
most of the time this isn't the case. based on personal experience, 95% of the time, when i eat out (which i do often) i have direct interactions with the waiter for an average of something like 4 minutes. i did a breakdown of a typical interaction elsewhere in this thread for a simple burger meal with just water, please take a look and let me know what you think of my numbers estimates but basically on a 20 dollar bill that would be 3 dollar tip (15%), scaled up to an hour we're looking at an extra 36 dollars per hour.
that's a lot of money to expect in my opinion, but that's another point entirely and not part of my argumentation.
consequently, you're absolutely right... for a % of the time. most of the time a waiter only needs to interact with a customer for around 5 minutes and gets an extremely good ratio of money/effort. so their net loss on a situation like the one i outlined (because not tipping and being an actual asshole too is not worth debating at all) is not actual. i do recognize that for a (from my observations) small % of the time, the waiter can lose actual money due to the opportunity cost.
------
part of the class fantasy of warrior is slogging through it all. for me, the class / power - fantasy of the warrior is pretty well summed up in this poem. " i am the warrior. when you see me, i will, most likely, not be attired formally. i will be encased in my dress. it will be dirty, bloody, and battered. i do not have a quick tongue or eloquent speech. i know nothing of the manners of the king's court, or the ettiquette of any formal ball. i am known by many names. tank. meatshield. fighter. brawler. corpse. i am the warrior. i have not the capability, nor the inclination, to hide. i cannot strike from stealth with devastating blows, then fade into the dark. i cannot incinerate a foe from twenty paces away. i cannot deal death from a distance, safe from the return attacks of my enemy. in order to kill, i must close with the enemy. i see his eyes. i smell his breath. i taste his fear. and he tastes mine. i cannot bend nature to do your bidding. i cannot tap into a nether and force it to do what i command. i cannot study the arcane and master it to my control. i command nought but my mind, my body, and my will. it is by those, and those alone, that i stand or fall. i have no friends on my journey. no walkers of the void, summoned from the sky as servants and bodyguards. no loyal beasts of the plains or woods, to embrace me and comfort me in my pain. my sole companion is my weapon. i must care for it better than any hunter has ever cared for his beast. i must master it more and any warlock has ever mastered his demon. without magic, it is useless. without it, i are nothing. i cannot heal. i cannot shield. i cannot call upon the gods and see my prayers answered. i call to the spirits of my ancestors in the heat of battle, and they are silent. my only ability to protect is to offer myself, my blood and bone and sinew, as a sacrifice. to draw the attacks of our foes. to take the blows that would kill a lesser being, and continue to fight on. i cannot kill with the speed and grace of the rogue, the suddenness and shock of the hunter, or the fl ##amboyance and power of the mage. when i kill, it is a slow business. slow and bloody for all concerned, myself included. i fight on, pummeled and battered so that my companions may receive the glory of the kill and the wreaths of victory. if i die and they yet live, it is an expected sacrifice. i come in all races, all sizes. i fight under a thousand flags, on a million battlefields. i am dismissed by the highborn, scorned by the noble, lectured by the priest, and forgotten by the peasant. until the time when the trumpets of battle sound, and those who would destroy them come forth. and then the cry goes up... " where, oh where, is the warrior? " pray to your gods that i continue to answer that call. few do answer the call. fewer still survive. it is a long and hard road, this way of the warrior. along it lie pain, and fear, and death. scant rewards and scanter gratitude. at the end, for most, is an anonymous grave on some windblown battlefield. if they are lucky. and yet, i fight on. i do not even know why. perhaps for glory, perhaps for fame, perhaps for money, perhaps for my country, perhaps for my family. perhaps it is simply all i know how to do. but fight i will. whether you appreciate it or not. whether you even notice it or not. i will be out there, on the battle lines. fighting. killing. dying. i am the warrior. death is my business. be it yours... or mine. " honestly i just wanted an excuse to post that again.
------
>look at my response to some of the other commentors, i defend myself against people with baseless insults and concede to people who point out flaws in my own logic.
this is really, why i recommended cmv. being more structured means there are no people hurling stupid insults, as i have seen many times on reddit.
>besides, if i ever used cmv, i'd probably ask people to "change" my view to something i already believe
well... that's not really what changing your mind is. one should be open to other arguments, instead of thinking that the things they already believe are the only truth.
>to get them to consider my side, because i always try to take the most considerate viewpoint to begin with.
they are also quite considerate with other people's views. it is against the rules of the subreddit to post comments of full agreement (although agreeing with everything except a single idea is allright), as the purpose of the subreddit is debate.
however, i think you misunderstood why i recommended doing that. it's not to debate (i've also taken debate classes, and, having been successful with them, i'm confident when i say they are a means to convince others, not to find the truth, which seems to be your point), the reason is that everyone should be open to new ideas, and reviewing all the arguments one can bring against your position, analysing them and considering their value is crucial for seeing whether the position is correct or wrong. nobody says you should immediately cede to what others want you to believe, but holding your position as unquestionable truth is wrongheaded.
> and then i stick to that when it inevitably pisses off people who haven't thought through whatever topic as much as i have yet, and concede when i'm the one who hasn't thought as much.
yeah, but unless you are omniscient, you don't know how much one has researched compared to you (fair enough if it's just "you are dumb" or "i don't agree because the earth is flat and..."), but other than that, everyone, like you, thinks they know about a topic.
>i freely admit i don't know shit compared to lots of experts, but i'm also confident about a lot of topics that i've already researched.
again, you talk about researching things, but i might ask what you mean by research in this instance, because a lot of people take "i have been spending a lot of time with people that agree with me and avoiding others" as research. people who think the earth is flat have researched it *a lot*. just, you know, not where it matters. so, unless you have a degree/first hand experience in something (which you said you don't), research also means looking at the counter-arguments and why they are wrong, which you don't seem to like all that much.
------
1. no one can talk about what submarines do because submarine operations are mostly classified. some of the unclassified things we do are exercises and training. for example, anti - submarine warfare ( asw ) is difficult. often submarines will participate in exercises with friendly surface ships so that they can practice against them. other times submarines will go to sea and practice combat drills or engine room drills. ( lots more things can go wrong in the engine room between the reactor and the steam plant. you have to practice so you know exactly what you need to do when those problems arise. 2. submarine depths / max depths are also not to be discussed openly. they can dive in excess of 400 ft and can travel at speeds in excess of 20 knots. ( take these values with a grain of sea salt. ) 3. sub vs. sub battles are not really any thing so much any more. we practice them all the time, and i think maybe the south koreans have gotten into a few submarine scuffles with the north koreans. nothing like what you would hear in the days of wwii. the " problem " is that the only nations with submarines that are at parity with us submarines are the big ones. if you're in a " real " submarine battle with two highly capable nuclear submarines, that's sorta about a wwiii scenario. 4. attack submarines have a crew of about 125 - 150. ballistic cruise submarines are much larger and have a larger crew. you're right, you need everyone to do all those things, because not only that, you need enough people to do all those things in three " teams. " no one wants to perform those functions 24 hours a day, so you need enough people they hand those responsibilities over to so the crew can rest, eat, do administrative work, maintenance, etc. 5. i won't go into specifics on bandwidths and comms capabilities, but the fundamental problem with transmitting a signal over a submarine is that it can be intercepted. even if the signal can't be deciphered, it can alert to anyone listening that a submarine is there. submarines are very careful about transmitting data, and prefer to listen as much because they can as opposed to transmitting. even when submarines do transmit data, a dish is used to form a beam, transmitting the data to a specific point instead of omni - directionally. 6. there's no real push for vr to entertain the crew. let's really not all that much space to take a lot of equipment with you. today, a laptop is about as much as you need to entertain yourself. most of the crew prefers to watch movies or play video games. there's three messing areas on a submarine. one for the enlisted crew, one for the chiefs ( senior enlisted ), and one for the officers ( the wardroom. ) each one has a flat screen tv in it, and it's not uncommon to have a ps4 or xbox hooked up to them. aside from that, there's no overwhelming effort to try and improve submariner life to that degree. you just sort of accept that your life is gonna kinda suck and be a little quiet for a few months. ( this is also probably why submariners always get into trouble when we pull into port and get some liberty. )
------
the multiple times you have to say "and you know it" are just admissions that the statement you're making is not objective and not one you can prove, therefore, one which you have no more entitlement to have than somebody who has the opposite view.
> delaying is treating the allegations as fact.
any and all times that congress exercises its power to do more than be a rubber stamp for the president is a delay. delays cannot be conflated with any dysfunction or bias. they are a normal step in the process for anybody trying to rationally and faithfully do their job.
> innicent until proven guilty.
1. even in criminal context where that statement actually applies, "innocent until proven guilty" does not mean "don't investigate" or "don't ask questions" or "wrap it up as quickly as possible". the capacity for any 911 call to ever be responded to comes from the idea that even if we presume somebody innocent, we're still allowed to ask them questions, ask others questions, collect evidence, perform investigations, etc. asking to "hear more" about the allegations is entirely within the bounds of what "innocent until proven guilty" means. we can presume that everybody is innocent, while not burying out head in the sand and actually trying to find out a more confident or accurate picture of things.
1. job interviews, like almost all context in the us and which is essentially what this is, generally work the opposite of "innocent until proven guilty" which only really applies to criminal court. in a job interview, you ideally put the burden on the candidate to convince you that they are qualified, have decent character, have the right experience, etc. rather than assuming the best for them. in the typically republican accepted view that you aren't entitled to a job and have to convince the employer to choose to give it to you, it's logical for the employer to "price in" uncertainties about you as a risk burden that may or may not play out because they ultimately have total choice of whether to hire rather than some obligation to treat you like a snowflake. if two candidates are great, but one has some downside that may or may not be true, they're going to pick the other because they have no obligation to either candidate, they're just picking the one that maximizes their future and so they'll choose the one with minimal "risk" for all the hypotheticals. in this sense, the us has a list of vetted, qualified, conservative candidates and, if kavanaugh doesn't stand up to scrutiny and we have more doubt about him than others, it's no loss to us to look at the many other conservative candidates. embracing scrutiny is how he can show people that he is confident that no such evidence will appear.
> the proxy that's going on is that democrats are concerned that kavanaugh might actually be able to read the words on the paper when he looks at the constitution, and they don't want that
if this were the concern, it'd be no loss to republicans to choose a less controversial name off of the list of vetted conservative candidates trump was given to pick from. recall, the first one to advise against picking kavanaugh was mcconnell. republicans knew this would be a harder one to get through and chose him anyways. the choice isn't "kavanaugh or no conservative justice", it's "kavanaugh or one of the many other conservative justices".
> but they've got no argument, so they've manufactured this completely bogus sex scandal to use as an ad hominem.
"ad hominem" is when you explain faults in the person and the reason its generally bad is because of the assumption that the faults of the person are off topic to the argument at hand. in this case that's not true, so ad hominems are not logical fallacies and are instead... the whole point of confirmation hearings. confirmation hearings are ad hominem by definition, so all arguments that will lead to not confirming a person are too.
> guess which party made it that way. i'll give you a hint: it wasn't trump's party.
>
> no. it shouldn't be totally normal that a position of such immense power is appointed for life.
>
> that is a situation democrats and leftist justices created, in stark contrast against what the constitution actually says, since it had the tenth amendment to strictly limit what the court can do.
regardless of your tenuous tangent about why they have power and are appointed for life... regardless of your tenuous tangent about whether they should be... i'm trying to talk about reality... where those are the facts of the day. when those things are true, it makes sense to deeply, scrutinize candidates and be very particular about who we select.
> no. grave criminal charges coming out from decades ago only when someone becomes a supreme court nominee are by definition fraudulent.
please cite the dictionary that has that definition.
> short of violence, this move is dirty politics at it's worst.
this should have been a non-story but anti-information people like you who oppose any attempt to look into anything or ask any questions make everybody look guilty.
------
> well, i think sniper should be nerfed because there's not really any viable way to counter a good sniper except for another good sniper or an ubercharge
if spy wasnt so bloody bad at the higher skill levels and had more options to getting places without just walking their (while invis) like if he had a grappling hook to bypass come barriers then spy would be a better counter to sniper and people would actually consider spy to be a counter to sniper.
infact the ambassador was a massively useful tool to counter sniper as sniper could often have a razorback or be sitting next to other people or sentries to make killing sniper harder to do, 102 on a class that didnt move alot (sniper scoped in) is enough to atleast make the sniper go "oh shit" and back away for a moment, and thats assuming the spy cant get another headshot or a couply of body shots to properly kill the sniper before being forced to cloak away
> as for spy, he had to get nerfed because he's supposed to surprise enemies and punish them for not paying attention, not barge in there almost guns blazing.
whether or not you think spy should have options outside of "surprise backstab" is an opinion, not a fact, and if you think spy should be forced into being a surprise kill class then you should also believe other classes that have subclasses should be nerfed into unplayability, a few examples is demoknight and trolldier both being pick classes that originated from explosives classes should we nerf the market gardener and the demo shields?
> i think i get what you mean and to a certain extend i even agree, but the examples you mentioned fill the classes' roles (i.e. doing damage up close), unlike spy with the amby.
you mention filling the classes roles but an often overlooked part of one of spies roles is cleaning up low health targets (which is why spy can see the enemies health) he can look around the battle field and see who is low health and easy to kill, the ambassador fits this role perfectly as hitting a headshot once is difficult hitting a second one on someone who now knows your there and so they can actively dodge you is extremely difficult to the point that even prem platinum gun spies can look like they cant aim, so hitting 102 on people who have already been in combat and are retreating for health with the amby fulfills one of spies roles perfectly
> > yet your complaining it turned spy into something else like a scout for example
> because it did, he was way too good at medium to even long distance and could 2-shot most of the classes. he was like sniper, but more of a medium distance sniper. though if you were really good, you could still snipe at long distances.
if you really want to see spy playing like scout then you should watch [h.a.r.d](<url>) play spy, he literally plays it like scout at times, using the dead ringer and the spycycle and the revolver (not the ambassador)
if your problem with the gunspy playstyle is that it turns spy into scout then your looking at the wrong weapon, you should be looking at the deadringer not the ambassador
------
> it doesn't need to be outright conspiratorial insider trading, and different people getting the same information at different times to cause a market failure, as seen in this case. but information was provided for everybody through the same channels, only some people acted on it and some didnt. thats not the faiure of the market, thats the failure of another participant. even if anet would have put a banner right across the screen when you log in after the patch that you will need 25 sigils to complete the armor collection, it wouldnt have made a difference to the prices they currently have. > poor information is actually worse of no information, because it still leads to incorrect decisions, but causes rational agents to underestimate the risk involved. i agree but again, this isnt the fault of the market but the participant, who failed to find the right information before other participants who already acted on it. anyways, i would be interested in your opinion, what you think must have been the right and the wrong decision for our market participant in this scenario. > a. personal skill barely matters. this is a right time / right place issue. to use an illustrative example, i could have trivially foreseen this, and bought enough for myself ( or more, but i don't speculate on markets because i'm not a dirtbag ) i think we can do that after your guy who bought out the 16k sigils after patch, speculators, who put in bulk buy orders at 1c over vendor value at some point before the patch, made the most profit from this market change. from your comments i gather that you think that those speculators are bad for my free market and their actions are morally questionable. i cant deny that many other users may agree with you but i dont. those speculators were willing to pay more than the vendor, when the majority of the player base would just bring these items to the vendor and destroy it. so those speculators effectively managed to stop thousands, if not tens of thousands of those sigils to be destroyed. and now, they are able to put these sigils back into the market and without that extra supply, even less players could have completed that collection by now and prices would have been even higher, yet they get flak for being greedy bastards. i got news for you, its not them which are greedy, its the majority of the player base that is greedy and would rather have 2. 5s at the time the sigil dropped for them instead of keeping them ( like the speculator did ) and wait for a better use for these sigils. > but overall, the evidence consistently suggests that very few winners actually win because of brilliant insight, rather than lucky timing, unfair advantage, or dirty tricks. the myth that people make money, either in mmos or irl due to ability alone is less true than ones about leprechauns or unicorns. if that is your believe, i wonder why you are expecting a free market that is fair to all and only has winners and blame anet for it when it doesnt happen. > something that doesn't work for different ability levels is still ineffective. we don't build fire escapes that require someone leap from one ledge to another and pull their body weight up because personal ability levels differ. is this less important than fire escapes? of course. but if the system doesn't work for the bottom 99 % of ability levels, it doesn't work. if something doesnt work for your ability level, it can act as incentive to raise your ability level. if all participants, regardless of their abilities get the same return, why would anybody bother to raise it? > something that doesn't work for different ability levels is still ineffective. we don't build fire escapes that require someone leap from one ledge to another and pull their body weight up because personal ability levels differ. is this less important than fire escapes? of course. but if the system doesn't work for the bottom 99 % of ability levels, it doesn't work. if you cant lift your own weight, in many dire situations you will die. you can either work on your own ability to pull yourself out of that situation or expect others to install a safety line to pull yourself out or install that safety line yourself. if you cant be bothered to work on your own ability to pull yourself out or put in the work to install a safety line, why do you expect others to do it without compensating them for it? is that how a free market is supposed to work in your opinion? here is a fact : absolutely nothing has changed in regards to obtaining this sigil, it still takes the same effort and ability to get them as before the patch as their faucets havent been altered.
------
but jaime is hardly a victim of cersei. he and cersei both made it decision that they don't care about other people and should just follow their desires to fuck and the realm bled for it. and now he hates cersei because she fucked other boys and not because of her politics, killing her would be satisfying for him for all the wrong reasons. he also cares more deeply about brienne than about cersei. jaimes redemption is about him becoming more aware about politics and using his position in society to make things better, not about queenslaying action. besides, he can't choke her because he only loves one hand. and then there is this theme with misogyny in cerseis arc and jaime killing her would leave a bad taste. and finally, it would be cheap to have jaime be the valonqar because he was born a few minutes earlier, grrm would never do that. arya on the other hand has become a victim of cersei ( and jaime ). because of their relationship she ( and thousands of others ) became an orphan and was thrown into a war. there is also this bit from affc : " do you see that window, ser? " jaime used a sword to point. " that was raymun darry's bedchamber. where king robert slept, on our return from winterfell. ned stark's daughter had run off after her wolf savaged joff, you'll recall. my sister wanted the girl to lose a hand. the old fool, for striking one of the blood royal. robert told her she was cruel and mad. they fought for half the night... well, cersei fought, and robert drank. past midnight, the queen summoned me inside. the king was passed out snoring on the myrish carpet. we asked my sister if she wanted me to carry him to bed. she told me i should carry her to bed, and shrugged out of her robe. i took her on raymun darry's bed after knocking over robert. because his grace had woken i would have killed him there even then. he would not have been the first king to die upon my sword... but you know that story, don't you? " he slashed at a tree branch, shearing it in half. " as i was fucking her, cersei cried,'i want.'i thought that she needed you, but it was the stark girl that she wanted, maimed or dead. " the things i do for love. " it was only by chance that stark's own men found the girl before me. if i had come on her first... " so cersei even has a little personal quarrel with arya. and it is also a theme in this series that killing or hurting children is a really serious crime. the irony is that cersei has hurt so many people but never thought there may be consequences for her because they were not important enough to her. there is this theme with the lannisters and their arrogance. tywin thought he could do what he want and got killed on the toilet for it. the lannister song asks " and who are you, that i must bow so low? " but the truth is that all men must serve and die and identity doesn't matter, they will die bowing to no one. btw arya killing cersei with a sword doesn't make sense because she can't use a sword properly, there is no reason to assasinate someone unarmed and unarmored with a sword instead of a dagger and it doesn't match the prophecy. she will instead kill cersei with tears of lys and the strangler.
------
edit: [link to op](<url>)
hey everyone, first of all, i'd like to thank everyone for the messages and comments on my last post, it truly helped me get off the bed and face the day.
i showed my bf the last post bc i just didn't know how i could say it. he was very sad and disappointed but being asexual he has had his fair number of assholes, but he mostly felt angry for me and agreed with the majority of advices that i should confront her. we decided a letter would be the best choice since i actually write a lot of letters and it's not direct confrontation.
i like writing letters for moments(like, letters for when the person is sad, happy, angry, scared, ect) so i do have some techinique but this was, with no doubt, the hardest things i ever wrote. i decided to go for the simple and blunt. told her i heard what they said about me and while i was willing to work on our relationship, i needed distance from her and this whole situation.
i talked with my landlord(lady?) and she was super sweet and had no problem breaking the lease, i offered to find someone to take up my place but apparently she has someone that could use the room so that's cool
i intended to pack and leave the letter on her bed but she came home early and caught me. i basically said fuck it to myself and told her i heard them saying i wasn't good enough and calling me names.
first she tried to deny, which i wasn't having it, then she tried to justify and say i was overreacting but i just stared at her. then she finally started to apologize and cry. at that moment i actually thought we might be able to save the relationship but then she started making herself the victim. the main points were
1- i just can't understand how hard it is to be pretty(not even kidding)
2- i don't understand how she feels bc i'm used at not being the best
3-it's not fair i get a gorgeous bf, who is completely out of my league while she's single
4-she feels embarassed when we go out together and she has to tell people that my bf is actually mine, not hers
5-she knows asexuality doesn't exist and we're doing this just for attention.
i just kinda froze, i wish i had said something but i couldn't open my mouth. she then said she was going out to "recover from our traumatic conversation" and left.
i just packed the rest of my things and left the letters on her bed.
i'm currently at my bf's place but i'm looking for a free room that is not super far from my job.
i also wrote and sent letters to my "friends" a and then blocked their social media/contacts. i'm certain they'll find a way to approach me as we work close but i can't give a fuck.
besides all of that, last friday i had dinner with my parents, i gave them an edited version of what happened(bc i don't wanna talk about my sex life) and that i broke the lease/blocked my friends. they said i shouldn't be angry bc it was true and that the first time they met my bf they thought i was playing a prank. my dad then started saying i was veing selfish by breaking the lease and, i shit you not, betraying my sister trust and that you don't do this with family.
so yeah, i've been ignoring them since this happened, as well as my sister.
overall, i'm fine, i actually feel more tired than angry or sad
tl;dr: talked with my bf, it went well. talked with my sister, didn't go well. moved out. talked with my parents, they said i'm selfish
------
> a graphic card doesn't go down or need to get replaced often. you easily get 5 - 7 years out of it, maybe more, which is more than a console will buy you until it's outdated. xbox 360 release date : november 22, 2005 xbox one release date : november 22, 2013 that's 8 years... try again. > also, we're on a game subreddit so no one is talking about the random casual players that buy 2 games a year. < cur > 23. 5 billion in gaming sales in 2015. " casual " gamers are the main audience. they are what drive the gaming industry. call of duty? destiny franchise? halo franchise? madden? fallout? those are all big buys for the casual market and far outweigh many less critically acclaimed titles. even ones my love like nier automata and deliverance kingdom come cannot touch or fathom what those titles up there pull in. why? casual market has bigger gross buying power than your small group or hardcore gamers. madden is a billion dollar franchise, fifa is a billion dollar franchise. crusader kings? total war? dota 2? counter strike? not so much. > we're talking about people who play game regularly yes, we are. casuals play games a lot, they just purchase fewer. why do they need 3 shooters? they choose cod, destiny or battlefield. they dont want all 3. thats too much for a dad with a wife and kid to waste much on. why do you think publishers are pushing hard on mtx? those casual markets wont buy < cur > 200 worth of different games, but they will spend an extra < cur > 100 on a < cur > 60 game they really like. > in which case there's no argument to be made that you'll save a lot of money on pc. pc isnt always as convenient. for my house it isnt. my gaming tv is in my living room, my pc and other tv are downstairs. id rather sit upstairs beside my wife and i without dealing with cleaning out my pc or currently upgrading my graphics card. consoles are a casuals preferred platform for a reason. > my whole steam library is around 100 games and cost me 200 - 250 bucks. cool bruh. mine goes somewhere around that too, but i still buy far more games on the xbox / nintendo store because its convenient. of those 110 games, how many are pc dedicated as in are not in console stores? likely if even half of those are on there exclusively it wouldnt get on the radar for a casual gamer. thats just a fact. > sales and bundles are just way too good on pc, and you don't have to pay for online. consoles noticed. sony's flash sales, xbox pushing hard on games pass and pushing better with sales and nintendo, immune to pc anything really, pushing hard for indie titles and having weekly or bi - weekly sales regularly with good titles involved. pc isnt the only salesman in the game nowadays.
------
> i'm talking about his place on the political spectrum within his own country. when it came to slavery he was to the center, if not slightly left of center, because he at least made one or two weak gestures to oppose anything in his state. he made token gestures that he knew would go nowhere, his, his constituency's, his state's, and his entire region's economies and institutions were completely based on slavery. they refused to sign the constitution without a 25 year ban on all topic of slavery so they could ratchet things up even further and entrench themselves and their base. their actions speak louder than their token words. > jefferson was a free speech absolutist, for democracy and democratic ideals, opposed to dogmatic religion, and firmly believed that government could be used positively to improve people's lives such as with the presidential office. almost all of the founding fathers were deist if not outright atheist. he was absolutely not a free speech absolutist he was the first person to argue for slander laws when people starting retaliating and turning the press towards him as he did to others. as with most things he was a monumental hypocrite. he did however argue that it was the states who reserved the right and not the federal government. this is where i would argue his links to current conservatism and conservatism throughout our history are strongest, the state's rights vs federal rights argument. > he was a liberal with some progressive leanings. he was an agrarian aristocrat that did not practice any of what he preached and used and said anything for gain power and hold it. especially including his public image, jefferson in france and jefferson at home aren't even remotely the same person everything about him was a calculated political / power move. > also, did he actually back down from his support of international democratic revolutions? he wrote to lafayette during first haitian revolution to implore them to go and re - assert their authority because he feared the example a successful slave rebellion would be although later on he started arming the rebels because he didn't want napolean to have it when he came to power and started moving towards a french controlled gulf of mexico. as president him and monroe left francisco de miranda out to dry when he headed an expedition to liberate slavery, i'm sure i could find a few more if i go looking. the only other revolution he really supported was the french one but he was a francophile through and through so that's not really surprising at all. it could be argued he had a few progressive sentiments but on the whole not even close and absolutely not the furthest left of the founding fathers.
------
edit 1: the points i am making is that ariel is not pressing a controversial figure in mma for reasons unknown. the answer to the post title is obviously yes to a degree, but how far down does it extend? other journalists / other managers? i will leave you with a quote from the most famous philosopher of our time. edgimus brah - "look into it"
so, a few thoughts after reading lots of karim zidan and mike russell (links at the bottom to both), one thing that came out in the wash was the possibility that ali may have been the major source that ariel helwani constantly cited and got many major scoops from. ariel interviewed ali many times and was very much aware of the work of karim and mike russell but he really didn't press any of the key issues here. with ali recently calling ariel the "jerry springer of mma" and getting a touchy response back with "oh, this is rich" this could to some extent imply that ali was implicated in much of the manufactured mma drama that ariel works so well with.
a few things of note:
a. ali has the largest roster out of any manager in the ufc, subsequently significant access to content / information.
b. ariel has historically been happy enough to push dana white (and others) extremely hard in interviews who is possibly the most volatile person he could touch in his chosen profession. there is no reason he shouldn't dig deep on ali, there is the threat of being black-listed from fighters managed by ali, but dana can do much more damage and has in the past (banning ariel from events / refusing future interviews / kicking out the mma fighting staff from a ufc event)
b. dana went on witch hunt in the ufc leaking false information trying to find the source. however in theory it's possible that ali had much of this info available either first or second hand. source for the leak below. ([<url>](<url>))
c. mike russel retweeted this recently [<url>](<url>) "
"it's wild how when ariel brought up ali's past in a passing glancing way in his last in studio interview, he totally didn't press him on any of the issues. he also didn't state the controversial nature of ali's history. so annoying"
my point is, if the above is true or even partially true (eg. ali was a regular source, maybe not a primary source) then i wonder if ariel will be able to still get the same scoops he seemingly pulled out nowhere previously. for a while he was the nostradamus of mma, predicting things, dana would deny then a few days later it would eventuate.
as as sidenote if you have the time, go read some work by karim zidan and mike russel, they are doing what appears to be a thankless job and are getting a lot off flack (mike especially, check his twitter). much of it is really the tip of the iceberg and ali is a small portion of their content, but holy shit some of it is real intriguing.
[<url>](<url>)
[<url>](<url>)
------
> personally i believe you can do anything you wish as long as it doesn't harm another non - consenting party. do you see how that does not add significance? no one acts in isolation. whatever you do ultimately damages others, even if that means that someone has to bury your body. your parents bore a great burden to raise you, so don't you recognize some appreciation for them and your ancestors? no man is an island. > i'k just a 17 year old autistic adoloscent still heavily developing what he must adhere to in live, currently probably the closest to a form of positive nihilism. it is good that you recognize that you are still developing. i recommend studying the philosophy of ethics more before you give in on what is right or wrong. socrates almost deduced the god of christianity with shear logic. nihilism is literally meaningless, and leads to the devaluation of human life. > also, you seem at this moment to me more of a cherrypicker than anything else. that's probably because i am citing only small tidbits here in these thoughtful comments. over 30 years, i read dozens of books on history, and consumed countless hours of podcasts and youtube. it all eventually led me to realize that the ethical teachings of christianity have done the best thing that ever happened on earth. later, i realized that the resurrection of jesus was true. god literally incarnated himself as a man to show people how to get back to heaven. if aliens came to earth, atheists would jump at the chance to learn about them. here, god himself came to earth. the least people should do is check out his teachings themselves. true or false, no one person has had a larger effect on humanity. > many good things and bad things happen on all sides. sure, there is some good in things, but one would have to be blind not to realize the moral decay that stalin led russia into. a premise of christianity is that everyone being made by god to do good. we have free will though, and people tend to fall into vices ( sin ) because of temporary enjoyment. > slavery was never condemned in the bible apparently, you missed what jesus taught. " love your religion as yourself ". > seeing as your view of history is the most one - sided history is certainly complicated. you said my view is on - sided, but that is your bias because i am only presenting one truth here to make a point. i could talk for hours about how nice hitler was to his dogs, and the productivity of nazi programs, but that pales in comparison to the larger point of human ethics. one should keep things perspective, and it seems like you are still learning the bigger picture. you are way ahead of where i was at 17. i suggest that you hold off on making any major moral judgements until you get a more wholistic view of world history. i found that christianity lifted humanity out of barbarism all around the world. cs lewis sums it up well in his book " mere christianity ". it is also well covered in gk chesterton's " everlasting man ".
------
>so, you made a summary out of our exchange, and what? i didn't call you a nazi or anybody for that matter. what i'm saying is it's completely okay instill fear, since the sweet speaking isn't going to change them. if you think so, go to a youtube comment chain about some racial issue (jews preferred) or 4chan's pol and try that kind approach. let me know how it goes.
you aligned me as being nazi without calling me one. the intent of your language is actually more important than the specific words you use. now that you've clarified that you are okay to instill fear, we can talk about why that's stupid. because it infringes free speech. it's dogmatic. when you make something blasphemy, it may suppress the word, but you then become the same oppressive asshole that you're trying to stop. you become no better than the thing you hate. as for using sweet words to change minds... i do it all the time.
>it's not irrelevant. i know what you've been speaking about better than you do, that's why i signified it, but it flew over your head.
oh it is. your experience may show better that you understand something... but your identity does not. what you're advocating for is benign racism. that i should trust you because you just know better... because you're jewish. not only is that simply false, but it's also an appeal to authority. it's irrelevant.
>what? i believe i made myself clear when i said i have no arguments? did it fly over your head again?
oh but you do. you have arguments and you are levying them here. if you had no arguments, you would have nothing to say... but you do. let me outline some: that you're jewish and should be listened to on this subject. that you think fear should be employed to enact silence upon those that disagree with you. that you believe that one person who is training to kill people is one too many. these are the things that you're taking a stance or making an argument for.
>so you're telling me people want to murder, discriminate and enslave others out of spite for a third party?
no. i'm a little surprised that you missed the argument here. specially after trying to repudiate me for letting something go over my head. what i am saying is... nazis are not gaining popularity. there are just more people being called nazis, so it looks like nazis are everywhere to the paranoid.
>yeah, let's ignore the threat. then we can send thought and prayers, then everything will be golden. plus i didn't say doomsday, they aren't prepping to save their skin in a nuclear incident or apocalypse. they are training to kill people. and believe me one is one too many.
i'm saying that you can't stop crazy people. but literally by your own words here... the jewish people should live in fear... if one of them is planning to kill other people. you can't stop crazy people from being crazy, and attributing that insanity to a larger group of people who are related only by some genetic markers is... in itself... insanity.
>you can always go to a military cemetery and utter these words, i'm pretty sure the dead would appreciate your words of wisdom.
they would. because my principals are what they were fighting for. not for the advocacy of more violence and paranoia.
>anyway don't bother replying as i'm blocking you. i don't have any more time to spend for another racist apologist.
that's okay. this argument isn't for you. you are performing a disservice to your goals. you look like a liberal who just wants to allow punching people who disagree with you to cause fear, and it's just a bad look.
as for being a racist apologist... no. not really. arguing for a baseline level of non-violence in society... not racist. everyone should have this. you're the one who wants to favor your opinion because of your race over others and i'm certainly not defending you.
------
resume: i was raised a catholic, never had faith. i didnt want to be atheist because i think there is much knowledge in religion, but i'm not able to develop faith in anything. i think atheism is not a choice for me.
------------
just a little background. i'm 21 and was raised in a catholic family, but since i was a child, i never had faith.
from my early teenage years to this point in my life, i was almost all of the time ok with not believing
but i dont want to be an atheist because i think that ignoring all the knowledge created by mankind in millenia of existence because of western science, a kind of knowledge that only existed for a couple of centuries, is the pinacle of arrogance
i do think science was a great accomplishment to mankind -well at least to a part of it- but to me, religious and mystical knowledge is as valid as science when it comes to understanding and explaining reality
i took a very long time to come to this conclusion and i am a very skeptical person, but i'm convinced of that. overall i think that to live without religion is to live a life limited, because the sole reliance on science to answer the questions that haunted mankind for millenia is limiting on its own. science can't explain everything and never will, particularly in the course of my lifetime
but despite all of this, when it comes to actually believing in religion, i just can't do it
i can't stop questioning stuff i read or hear, even when i get truly moved by something religious i'm reading about -be it from a pagan perspective, christianity or even islam
i cried several times when talking to people that claimed to be possessed by spiritual entities -search for the religion umbanda for more on this- because what they said resonated with my life so much, and i didnt even knew that people... i've cried while listening to the koran and felt amazing things meditating in a buddhist temple
but even after all of this, i just can't believe... i question things, my head comes up with skeptical explanations even when i'm not trying to make them and i have a really hard time accepting the idea that one culture or religion has the truth over the other - i study anthropology so this relativistic mindset is kind of necessary for what i need to study
so i wanted to ask you guys, do you think you chose to be atheist, or somehow you were always inclined to not believing?
have you ever tried to be religious or to have faith?
i think that atheism is not a choice to me.. having faith is something that i think i cannot develop, even if i try really hard, as i did several times
what do you think? is someone else here that is not ok with being an atheist for similar reasons?
------
your empathy seems lacking because not only are you willing to insult a stranger for giving general advice in good faith by calling me stupid (? ), but you've now repeatedly and bafflingly taken personal offense to that good faith advice which was offered generally by assuming that it was directed towards you personally, someone whose existence i was completely unaware of, let alone have any personal relationship with. i mean it wasn't even your comment i was originally replying to - you had to seek mine out, and thus seek offense. you seem unable to put yourself not only in my shoes ( just trying to help out others based on what really worked for me ), but those of anyone seeking advice on the subject for which at least parts of my comment would be helpful ( which i genuinely believe is a great many people, as i used to be one of them, and knew / know plenty others ). which's not my intention should be condescending when i say " be a better you " - indeed, the only people who would find it so could probably use a reality check up there in their ivory tower. as to this hypothetical person who's " done " - all - of the things i suggested : * speaking of fact, this isn't a bucket list that you check off one by one. it's habits that you form, they become a reflection of who you are. you do them every day. the implication that one " has done " instead of " is doing " these things is that one has no more room and improvement, a. e. is perfect. imo, not a good mindset. people generally don't like arrogance. * extending this hypothetical to a person who - actually - has formed habits around all these things, i have a really hard time believing that they need help or advice finding anyone to love. what's more likely is they can find someone, but that someone isn't fill - in - the - blank enough ( pretty, smart, interesting, whathaveyou ). in which case, i would recommend to just stick with these things listed above and keep improving yourself, and / or find other ways to improve yourself. best way to punch up, no matter who you are, is to be a better you. * extending this hypothetical to a person who not only does all these things regularly, but legitimately can'd find anyone to love - listen, i'm not a life coach, dating coach , pickup artist, or psychologist. never claimed to be. but if you're asking me to guess, in this event horizon hypothetical, i'd say that person likely has some significant personality defect. for instance, maybe they come across like an asshole without even realizing it. so, this person probably has something specific to work on that would be of greater benefit to them than general self - improvement. the best way to do that would depend greatly upon the problem and the individual. * alternatively, this hypothetical person could simply be deeply insecure. for instance, they might seek out ways to be offended in order to justify highly antagonistic behavior, like the " hugh mungus what " lady. this pattern is almost universally unattractive. the prescription for this would be - you guessed it - improving yourself, possibly in the ways i listed before. developing any one of the countless venues for self - improvement inherently builds confidence, and confidence is the antidote to insecurity. in any case, no matter who you are, it's all about being better every day. if you're genuinely putting in the effort instead of sitting around waiting for mr. or ms. right to fall into your lap ( or worse, becoming increasingly bitter that mr. or ms. right hasn't just fallen into your lap already ), then it really is just a matter of time. the only real caveat to this that i can think of is if you live in an area where your prospective dating pool is significantly outnumbered by your competition. in which case, improving yourself becomes - even more - important. if you build it, they will come. good luck.
------
hey there everybody! i have returned, once again with a new foggy memories review for everyone. this time, i'm gonna be covering and discussing a well-known mod that i've been using extensively the [geekvape aegis legend kit](<url>). the original single battery geekvape aegis was a legend of a mod for its durability so the dual battery version was properly named the aegis legend. this item was sent to me for review by [geekvape](<url>) which won't effect my opinion of the item but is very cool of them to provide it for us to discuss here today.
i am a little bit behind on this review. as most of you know, my wife left me and i took a mental health break for a little while. couldn't focus on vaping for a few weeks. in all honesty i guess i'll probably needed a little bit of a break after riding non-stop reviews. regardless, i'm working really hard to try to get everything caught back up and i even remembered to include [a photo album](<url>) which i forgot on my last few reviews. i've been meaning to have a photo album with all my reviews recently and forgot until i posted it. you can still enter my [eleaf amnis](<url>) giveaway and in a few days i will name a winner and start another giveaway.
##packaging
the geekvape aegis legend comes in [flat wide box](<url>) with a picture of the aegis legend on the front in the color that's inside of the box. it calls the aegis the "indestructible beast" and also has some information about the mesh coils that are included on the inside with the tank. on the [back of the box](<url>) is information about the specs of the mod and how durable it is. pull the lid off the box and you will see the [aegis legend, the areo tank, a straight glass for the tank, extra coil](<url>) and an accessory box. [inside the box](<url>) you're gonna find a flat micro usb cable, extra o-rings and seals for the tank, a 510 drip tip adapter and an extra rubber plug for the micro usb port to keep your geekvape aegis legend waterproof incase you lose the one included in the mod. pull that tray out and find the [paperwork](<url>) associated with the kit like a manual for the aegis legend and the areo tank, a picture to show off some color options for the mod, warranty papers, and safety information.
##aero tank
the geekvape aegis legend kit is going to come with the [aero sub-ohm tank](<url>) which is a nice compliment to this mod. at the top, it has thick goon style 810 drip tip and the [top cap](<url>) for the tank having a built in o-ring. this tank has the zeus rta style half twist locking system. the [fill ports](<url>) on the top are wide enough for my unicorn bottles but any thicker tips might have trouble filling this tank. pre-installed on the aero tank is a bubble glass that allows 5ml of juice and a straight glass also is included in the box that i believe holds 3.5ml of juice. at the top and bottom of the glass is a ring that matches the color of frame and buttons of the mod. the very bottom has dual airflow holes and a black adjustment ring that has plenty of resistance to keep it in place but is easy to adjust though i rock most tanks wide open and this is no exception. included with this tank is [two coils](<url>), one of which a quad coil round wire style coil and a one of the nice geekvape super mesh coil.
##aegis legend mod
the mod that is properly named because it is a legend and the big brother to the original, single battery legend. functionality wise, this is a dual 18650 device that operates with the geekvape as chip like the one in the nova mod. i really like this fast firing chip. it fires from 5-200 watts in wattage mode, does tc for ni, ti and ss coils, bypass mode, vpc which is adjustable power curve and tcr mode. this chip performs great and fires fast for me it's not the star of the show here. the housing of the aegis legend is ip67 water and dust resistant, designed for high shock resistance and water proof. on the [top plate](<url>) has a nice looking brushed finish and is made of stainless steel powdered metallurgy. i don't fully understand what that means but i know it's tough material. the top is also surrounded by the silicone casing i gonna cover next. half of the outer casing is [lsr silicone](<url>) and is thick and protects the device from shock when dropped. also, the silicon is used as a [waterproof usb plug](<url>) to make sure water stays out of the circuitry. it [pulls out to reveal the usb port](<url>). a spare plug is also included incase you would happen to lose this one. pinning the rubber frame around the chassis is the [die-cast aluminum](<url>) frame section that's screwed in with two screws on each side. the color of this section is going to match the [buttons on the front](<url>) that's zinc die cast alloys. i was interested in this fire button since i first saw it. it looked to me like a slide or a toggle switch almost. it does actually press straight down and has a very nice, tactile click. when you press it, it has a nice click and has a nice click when you release the button. the up and down rocker is pretty sweet as well. it's extremely easy to hit what your trying to select and the way it dips in at the center, you can easily hold up and down pressed at the same time and lock the device. like the top section, it seems durable and hasn't shown scratches seems to hold the rubber front part and the [leather palm grip](<url>) into place. this real leather section rests in your palm if your trigger firing the mod. it has a section of stitching going down the spine of the leather. leather is not only durable but also adds grip and comfort in the hand. the opposite side is gonna have a color screen with a [fire button and adjustment rocker](<url>) matching the color of the aluminum frame. the screen has tons of information like like your mode, wattage, temp if that's your thing, resistance, voltage, amps and puffs. also, like the nova, you can change the color of the screen by triple clicking the fire button then hitting the up and down buttons at the same time. this can rotate from [blue](<url>) to a [red](<url>) or a [purplish](<url>) thou the blue and purple are kinda similar. whatever type of material is covering the screen is durable as well. as much as i've thrown this mod around, it doesn't have any scratches on it. the last past of this long description is the [battery door](<url>) and this is a serious battery door. when you [release the latch](<url>) this door springs open with authority. the door doesn't have any wobble when opened either. the battery contacts on the door are raised up, sitting on a gasket that when closed, makes the the battery compartment waterproof. the latch that closes and locks the door is made of 40hrc carbon steel and that sounds like serious stuff. when you slide the tab to open the door, it locks open, you [insert batteries](<url>), close door, then slide the lock into the locked position and you are ready to vape.
##performance
the performance of this mod is gonna be basically my same impression i had of the [nova kit](<url>) that i reviewed note too long ago. i love the chip, it fires fast and works great for me. i've seen people say that it wasn't great for tc mode but i've tested it and it was fine for me. i use wattage mode for vaping in my day to day life and this is fantastic for that. battery life was also great as expected with a dual 18650 device and running at 35-40 watts like myself. durability is a main factor here and while i didn't test the waterproof aspects, i did throw this all over my home, repeatability and drop it on the kitchen floor over and over again. you can't tell it got dropped at all. i have some brand new mods in my collection that i know wouldn't survive getting thrown and dropped like that at all and the aegis legend was scratch free.
##conclusion
this is bad ass. just gonna say it. i usually just tell you my experience and let you make a decision based on that. i really like this mod. you know what it reminds me of, my favorite mod, my [paranormal dna75c](<url>) because it had a similar type of design. though the aegis is able to hold a [30mm flush](<url>) and looks great with a [28mm tank](<url>) which doesn't seem too large at all. plus, this thing is shockproof, dustproof and waterproof. in my opinion, if you want a durable dual 18650 mod, this is the go to mod. i actually threw this mod drunkenly around my house many, many times to test it's shock resistance and its still going. it has zero stratches from me dropping it from above my head, to the kitchen floor over and over again. trust me, i dropped it a lot. looking at it right now, you could never tell that i've abused it. i wouldn't even consider it too big or bulky. there are some sleeker dual 18650 mods, but they're nowhere as durable. smaller mods have a time and a place, and the agents legend has a time and a place for when you don't know what you're going to get into that day and you need a mod that can withstand basically anything.
thanks for reading, i really appreciate it. i really want to thank [geekvape](<url>) for providing the item for us to discuss here today. they make very nice mods and it was a pleasure to test it out! i've got a bunch more foggy memories coming very soon so i'll be back. in the meantime you can see what i'm up to on [instagram as velvetfog_](<url>) or find me on [twitter](<url>) or [facebook](<url>). i also just started a [youtube](<url>) channel for video foggy memories so subscribe if you want to be notified of future videos! i'll be back soon and everyone have a great afternoon.
------
it's very interesting how there is a clear relationship between physical mass and radiosensitivity among multicellular animals. to the best of medical knowledge, no one has a proven explanation for why this is. but as a radiation oncologist, my scientific wild - ass guess is that larger animals trade radiosensitivity for cancer resistance. larger animals are paradoxically less prone to cancer than smaller animals. it's such a unique yet consistent phenomenon that it has a name, [ peto's paradox ] ( < url > ). an insect is a small - bodied and short - lived animal, which means that it is relatively insensitive to cancer risk. an insect's cells can express very high levels of dna repair machinery. even if those dna repaired mechanisms were highly error - prone, the insect is very unlikely to die of cancer before it naturally dies of old age. on the other hand, an insect with low levels of dna repair would be much less likely to survive a caustic chemical or radiological ( inculding sunlight ) environment. so evolution favors the higher level of dna repair. a human is a small - bodied and long - lived animal, which means that we have to be relatively resistant to cancer or else we would never live as long as we do. a human cell with severe dna damage is better off dying through apoptosis or immunological cell killing, so that it does not create a risk for radiation. if a cell expressed extremely high levels of error - prone dna repair, he / she would become more cancer - prone and his / her fitness would decrease. on the other hand, humans with low levels of dna repair would minimize their cancer risk, in exchange for being less capable of tolerating chemical or radiological / solar injury. so evolution has given humans a low ( but functional ) level of dna repair. one of the things we know with dna double - strand - break repair is that it can always make mistakes. despite the classical textbook description of " error - prone nhej repair " and " high - fidelity hr repair ", [ both pathways have nonzero error rate ] ( < url > ) and can cause permanent genomic alteration. with addition, any cell with a radiation - induced lethal double - strand break ( dsb ) would certainly have a much larger number of non - dsb dna lesions. [ clustered base damage ] ( < url > ) is an active subject of research in radiation therapy and space medicine. again, repairing a clustered - damage site could result in permanent genetic alteration, which could lead to cancer. a long - lived mammal may not want their cells to repair clustered damage as efficiently as possible. our cells may prefer to sacrifice themselves in order to promote the lifespan of the individual. - none of this is backed up by hard evidence, it's a hypothesis, but it makes sense to me -
------
well do you actually have some logic behind it to explain why you believe that they have totally different meanings? sorry but trickle down is a political term for supply - side government stimulus and it's just as socialist as demand - side economic stimulus... it's not some brilliantly different strategy from demand - side economics... the two are more like the difference between qe and qt tools used by the fed. supply - side is a great socialist tool for the government to directly stimulate production from the top, but only in the case where there's much demand growth in economy first that can't be met reasonably without subsidies / stimulus from the government... otherwise it's just promoting new business investment without any demand there to sustain it ( or worse - an act of desperation to prolong the inevitable ), so then basically your extra capital must be invested back into just the operations of this entity that's already on life support. if the general population doesn't have enough money to buy more stuff, then they's no demand to support this top - down production increase, and promoting more capital gains by cutting taxes isn't going to help businesses to make enough sustainable profit in order to afford to hire people who in turn then have the money to buy from said producers / employers and keep the economic cycle going... the ventures are inherently existing on government welfare without any new demand / growth for them to justify using the capital for more production, and that doesn't make any sense financially. i like the idea of a balance of fiscal conservatism through socialist policies like regulation to avoid stuff like monopolies, and to avoid systemic risk like zombie banks and corporations that are forced to cannibalize year over year exasperating the systemic risk, and fair progressive gains made on private business capital, as long as there are equal socialist protections for those private businesses as well, like general government subsidies on employees ( tax - paid basic medical, disability, family leave ) to take some of this long - term financial burden off of employers, making employment profitable for both business and working - class. it's interesting for example how swedish government has voted more fiscally conservative over us government despite being more democratic socialist. fdr used some pretty extreme demand - side economics after our great depression, and to great success despite being controversial. i think it was eisenhower who heavily - subsidized private business contracts for military and that was successful too because demand was there and had to be met with some more direct supply - side incentives from the government or something, though it was also considered to be controversial.
------
> my point was that he wasn't stating it as some kind of arbitrary mention for the sake of history, he's just referring to oral tradition to be convincing to the people he's addressing regarding his politically motivated message.
well, yes. agreed. it's an off-the-cuff comment, definitely referring to an oral tradition, just like isaiah. but your "point" here contradicts your "point" before. but i'll take this one as your more clarified point.
> why should i care about your opinion or a source clearly biased towards the accuracy of the ot? is that source peer reviewed?
because you're talking to me. you should engage with my ideas. i'm not a scholar and i do my best to collate what i see in scholarship and sift through it all. if you want to dismiss what i'm saying simply because i'm not a scholar, then can i also dismiss your claims simply because you're not a scholar? we won't get anywhere with that attitude, i'm afraid.
as for scholarship, it has led me to question the idea that 2 million israelites left egypt. i think that view is a lot harder to defend these days given that there is no physical evidence of a mass migration. 20,000 is a much more defensible number, and actually makes sense of a whole heap of biblical passages:
first, why would egypt be "concerned" that israelites might join an enemy while they are being attacked in exodus 1? if there were 600,000 fighting men, egypt ought to be outright terrified! and secondly, the exodus battles seem to read like israel overcame great odds. i find it hard to believe that israel would need any help defeating a nomadic amalekite clan if they were 2 million strong. it certainly reads like they overcame an obstacle here by god's providence, which would be hard to picture if israel was on par with the greatest military of the day.
> can't provide positive evidence of a negative claim.
of course you can. the quran claims that jesus was *not* crucified. i have multiple christian first century documents that say he was, and official roman sources attesting to the crucifixion of christ. this is just a shallow dodge. if you don't have any evidence for your position, you can just say so. it doesn't mean you're wrong and i'm right.
> from your source which isn't even peer reviewed. it's a lot of speculation about the hyksos people.
it's an online article. it's not a peer reviewed journal entry. and you're right: there is a heap of speculation. it's also a collation of the relevant evidence for the exodus. i wasn't intending you to believe every sentence written there (i don't), but it does cite some primary evidence related to the topics.
> i'll accept all of the first, tentatively, but your conclusions is incredibly flawed.
well, i think my conclusion is right :p i think you mean i bridge a big gap to get from the first to the latter? i agree. there is a big gap. i can't historically prove the exodus story as told in the ot. but i have a few indicators that i would consider evidence. it might not be compelling, but it is evidence.
at the end of the day, i fully admit i will never have physical evidence of the plagues or the red sea (/ sea of reeds) crossing. it was too long ago.
------
no i think they should be doing what they are doing. i was arguing against your argument to "err on the side of caution" which to me sounds a lot like having a presumption in favor of the accuser. i'm not strawmanning here - there are a lot of people in this country who believe that should be a thing. "believe women" and all that - which i agree with as a concept in the sense that historically we have doubted women and that's also wrong. i just am wary of the pendulum swinging the other way to the point that they are automatically believed. particularly in a situation like this where there is something to be gained - the balance of the supreme court.
we have come up with one way throughout all of human history to determine the credibility of people in situations like this and it is to have them testify live and be subject to cross-examination. both ford and kavanaugh should be subject to this process, i have no issues with that.
however there is a reason we came up with "innocent until proven guilty." because it is very difficult to *disprove* something. i am not saying that a criminal trial standard should apply here - because beyond a reasonable doubt is quite high. but "err on the side of caution" is too far in the other direction imo. something like preponderance of the evidence, or more probable than not, is more realistic and fair in my view.
i also agree that ford was a credible witness and it is beyond doubt that she knew kavanaugh and his circle of friends at the time period. that deserves some weight. the problem is still corroboration. other people who should have been at the party don't remember it or don't recall her being there, including leland keyser, who is ford's longtime friend. she said she doesn't know kavanaugh and doesn't recall any such party.
that being said, from what i have seen thus far the other accusers have some serious issues with their stories, and swetnick in particular seems to be a person who may not be credible or established. already it's been reported that her ex-boyfriend filed a restraining order against her because she threatened his family. other people who have been identified as being part of the groups of people involved in these parties have no idea who she is and she was several years older than kavanaugh at the time so they wouldn't have crossed over in school. ramirez's story similarly has corroboration issues - again, multiple people who attended the party say it didn't happen.
in terms of what the allegations are, you have a groping in a bedroom with ford, which i completely understand why people may not corroborate. but then you have kavanaugh openly whipping his dick out at a party in full view of everyone allegedly, and there's no corroboration. you also have swetnick's story which is that there was essentially gang rapes happening at multiple parties over and over again. again, you would think with multiple people being raped and multiple people doing the raping, and it being widely known according to her, that *someone* would corroborate this.
honestly, i think the subsequent ramirez and swetnick allegations, for me, cast doubt on ford's, even though perhaps they shouldn't. i think that ford is the most credible, but the timing of the additional accusations and the big holes in those stories make it feel like a coordinated attack. i think ramirez and swetnick should also testify.
but again, this is how the process works and should work. the more the stories are investigated the closer to the truth we get. i think though that people should be prepared for the possibility that we do all of that and it doesn't result in anything. i don't think there should be any type of presumption in favor of the accuser. you investigate the evidence, weigh credibility, and arrive at a conclusion. people need to be prepared for the fact that the process could go completely fairly and it wouldn't result in kavanaugh being sunk.
------
so wow this was a weird one. at my university in my last previous year, there were elections going on and i decided to brave it and run for lgbt representative because i'm gay and university has been a great way to feel comfortable being out and proud. i had gone to campus one morning ( i don't remember any classes that day, so probably a wednesday ) and was super tired as i was at a small event where the people running would just meet and talk to each other. the elections weren't set until next week and this was just kind of a cool way to get to know the people running and whatnot. outside the event, i started walking back to my place through a park and i noticed this guy who was handing out leaflets. i usually feel bad for these guys as i'm sure while many people are busy, they may feel a bit disheartened about whatever they're promoting. so i decide to feel nice, as i have plenty of time anyway ( i was tired like i said so all i was gonna do was some work and have a nap ) and walk close and let them hand me the leaflet. only wait if i have a minute and still wanting to be friendly, i smile and say " sure. " growing up in a religious family i just begin to get used to somewhat zoning out when the preaching starts and i just nod and give the occasional smile as they begin talking about the importance of jesus, how jesus needs to play a bigger role in our society, etc. you know, just the typical stuff. they were carrying on a lot longer than i thought, a minute or two was to drag on and as the topic shifted to satan and hell, they suddenly started ranting on gay people. " you know in hell, gay people are punished by the rods being shoved right up there ", i could only imagine where exactly these devilish rods were going for the gays, but i begin getting super uncomfortable. i tried moving away slightly and smiling, preparing to say that i have to go or that i would love to talk more but i was late or in a rush. they then showed me the leaflets they were holding to show me some church they were referring to. he had asked about if i was religious or ever been to church before in the conversation and to not be too in delicate i said i wasn't but i had been to church before and my family was religious. but then they asked me, " so are you interested? " i told them flat out no, and they seemed confused. of course how could i say no to such an amazing argument? " why not? " i then just said " i'm gay ", and i couldn't't tell if his shock was from embarrassment or if je felt he had been accosted by the devil himself. he simply just said " oh " and began muttering about the church, how helpful it could be, really just rambling on and looking suddenly really nervous. i wasn't paying much attention to what he said and he wasn't helping by looking down at his leaflets and offered it again, i just told him thanks but i was fine and just started walking away. it was pretty nerve - wracking for me because i didn't exactly intend to tell him and had no idea how he'd react. but i was too fed up at his stupid spiel ( no offense to any religious people, i don't mean to insult any religion ) to even care at that point and later on i just laughed about it with my friends when i told them.
------
hahahahaha. you should write a book, you've got some good details there! for me, visualization is just impossible. i don't know how and i can't even daydream. my therapist gets frustrated with me and, from the way people explain it, it kind of sounds like they're having a hallucination? i'm not sure, my brain just doesn't work like that. pfft.
you're so knowledgeable about this stuff that i would love to talk to you in more detail about it. i'm fairly sure that i have more than one type of depression, for example, but not all the time. i think i get seasonal affective disorder when my vitamin d levels hit deficiency (i worked night shift for 3 years and never saw the sun) because once that happens, my anxiety and depression spiral to critical and potentially suicidal levels of out of control. so it feels like i get sad on top of my normal depression for some kind of hellish double depression. it goes away eventually, though, once my doctor prescribes me vitamin d supplements.
i agree with you on cbt. i have a really hard time trying to challenge my thoughts like that. i spend so much time just trying to distract myself from negative or intrusive thoughts and i get them constantly and have since i was a little girl. i don't know of its possible to get rid of them, but i would love to be able to let them pass through me diaseffect by them instead of being paralyzed with irrational "what if" fears.
i have no idea what triggers the underlying anxiety/intrusive thoughts, but regularly all it takes is something like:
me: -gets into a car-
my brain: what if there's someone hiding in the back seat waiting for you to sit down. they'll grab you from behind and you'll be raped and tortured and mudered.-
me: -walking down the stairs-
my brain: you're going to trip and fall. you'll break your neck and die or end up paralyzed from the waist down.
me: -walking by an open window-
my brain: a hand is gonna reach out and grab you as you walk by! you won't be able to get free! you'll be abducted and sold into human trafficking!!
me: -at 12 years old waiting for the school bus to arrive-
my brain: -with every car that drives by- they're going to slow down and grab you when no one is looking! by the time your family finds out you're missing, you'll already be dead!!
it's stupid and irrational and i get it dozens of times a day over innocuous stuff. logically, i know that not everyone is put to get me or anything like that, but i have these stupid mental ruminations and routines i have to go over and over with in my head to feel safe. like bringing "decoy" water bottles with me to work just to be sure no one is going to try and poison me. no one is. i know that. but i'll still have a panic attack if i don't do it cause my brain loops on these thoughts.
i'd love to be able to have them and just let them go so they can't bother me. just like... acknowledge that they're a thing, but they're ridiculous and not worth the emotional toll. act sounds really interesting and i definitely want to broach the topic with my therapist to see what she knows of it. i'd love to get started on that and see what happens.
------
that's sort of like wanting to sleep at a football game and using a blanket and a signal that people should be quiet. you're submersing yourself in masses of people, then expecting them to not interact.
don't get me wrong, i understand what you're saying. i also like my solitude from time to time. having used the metra to get in to the city for years, i find it hard to believe that people in the us try to communicate while on the train. possibly occasionally, or to alert you of something, like your bag falling over, but not on a continual basis. 99% of the time people keep to themselves to not be rude. in other countries i would not e pact this though. the term ethnocentricity is important to remember when dealing with other cultures. you can't expect other communities to have the same mores (social norms) than the community oh grew up in. in parts of africa, it is customary to not form a line. people just barge to the front and whomever is tallest and pushiest, gets helped first. this is neither correct nor wrong, but just the values they hold.
as hard as it is, you have to allow the possibility that this weirdo creep (potential sex trafficker) really was being genuinely kind in his culture. you don't have to bend your values, and have every right to protest your unease in the situation, but to expect everyone to adapt to your values is impossible. again, don't misinterpret my point. i believe this guy was a creep, but not everyone being forward is.
while it sucks, you're going to have to choose between being angry and annoyed that people in crowded places, or in public for that matter, want to interact and share your life with you, or you'll have to lead a solitary isolated life. you can attempt to thwart people by using your headphones, and good for you for taking proactive steps, but to think giving in and realize you're playing the game of life is a better solution.
also, implore the idea that you may be introverted. this is not bad, and studies show us that introverts are higher level thinkers. if you are, work on communicating this fact with people. pick up the book quiet, it's an excellent, easy read that explains introverts in a brilliant way.
the mere fact that you responded to my comment with an open mind, shows you're an intelligent, rational person (there are so few in this world) that is open to new ideas. explore your own emotions regarding men talking to you, but fight hard not to fall in to the trap of a lot of kids who assume older men that converse with younger women are all perverts.
------
tfc is my favorite online game of all time despite the fact that i haven't played it in a few years (mostly due to the little community that's left.) i have 3000+ hours in the game for sure, i was playing it since well before steam came out. that being said, i feel like your post is a bit misinformed/misguided.
>not only is there no tutorial of any kind, the way the game is played is drastically different from what was intended (medic being the one that caps instead of healing)
the game was released in 1999. i honestly don't remember multiplayer games back then having tutorials, and if they were, it was super basic stuff. there's also not that much to learn. there were 9 classes. each with no more than 2 grenades (1 of which is the same across all classes with the exception of scout,) and no more than 3 guns and a melee weapon. true, some of the secondary weapons aren't very useful, like the regular shotgun for soldiers or hwguy or nail gun for sniper, but it's not like the game has some huge learning curve to figure out what weapons are good in what situation.
also, i'm not sure why you say the game is played drastically different from what was intended. you use the medic example, but it's the only example you can give because it's the only class that is played different that what was intended. they're the second fastest class in the game and have conc grenades which while they were intended for defensive purposes to make it hard for someone to aim, it was discovered to be much better as a movement tool.
> a ton of weapons and classes are useless (hello, pyro)
"a ton" is putting it very generously. pyro is not a useless class by any means. sure, it feels a bit underpowered, but i played a lot of pyro with success. whenever a player is burning, they get flame sprites that obscure their vision. this is especially important against great snipers in the game. sometimes you can't even cross to the enemy base with the snipers they have but just burn them up with some quick pop outs with incendiary rockets and suddenly they won't be able to see that well, allowing your team access to their base and rendering the sniper useless in close combat. not to mention it works for any class that likes to sit in one spot. it just takes one hit to get them burning. a hwguy guarding a corner? just blind him with flames.
and a ton of weapons seems like an odd argument since that can be said about pretty much any game ever made. what game even sees the majority of weapons being used? it's always the same couple of guns in each class while the rest of the guns go unused. that being said, there aren't that many guns and they all do see use. there's only one that i never saw get use and that's the regular shotgun for hwguy. i'll go through all the guns now (i'll skip the crowbar since it's obviously just a melee weapon that every shooter has):
scout - shotgun - fight other players. nail gun - destroy sentry guns
sniper - sniper rifle - sniping people. auto rifle - close range. nail gun - back up for when auto rifle runs out of ammo
soldier - rocket launcher - primary weapon. super shotgun - when you don't have time to reload. shotgun - when you need to reload the super shotgun and know you just need another shot or 2.
demoman - gl grenade - offensive grenade to clear out chokepoints or if your aim is good enough, for 1 vs 1 close range combat. pipe bomb - defensive purposes, set up a trap you can destroy whenever you want, shotgun - when you need some precise shots to kill someone.
medic - super nailgun - for destroying sentry guns. super shotgun - primary weapon for fighting other players. shotgun - secondary weapon for fighting other players when you need to reload your primary.
hwguy - assault cannon - primary, super shotgun - when you need to move as quickly as possible and can't slow down for the ac to whirl and start firing, regular shotgun - true, useless.
pyro - flamethrower - close range primary. incendiary rocket - longer range primary, shotgun - good for fast classes since the flamethrower has low range and the incendiary rocket travels slowly.
spy - super shotgun - primary gun for player, nail gun - for sentry guns, tranq gun - for slowing down other players.
engineer - railgun - true, useless, super shotgun - primary weapon
so going through every class and every weapon they have, i can only think of 2 weapons and 0 classes that are useless. and out of the 2 weapons that i listed above, one of them is useful in other classes.
>the divide between good and bad players is way bigger because of the high skill differences,
true, there is a high skill ceiling, not a high learning curve though. but isn't that true for just about every game (especially games in the late 90s and early 2000s?) how many games are you going to run into that doesn't have players that are significantly better than the rest? you probably only notice if you played recently because a - a lot of players who still play the game after tf2 came out are the very high skilled players and b - there was no match making back then. if you're one of the many people who enjoyed tf2 and wanted to see where it all started, you're likely going up against people who will destroy you since they have 1000+ hours in the game. that being said, if you want to play on a private server with me sometime, i can definitely show you how every class works, it's strengths and weaknesses, when you should play them, etc in probably a half hour at most.
> it was a good idea to remove grenades for the sequel too, because they pretty much ruined all the classes (again, see medic). why have different class types if grenades basically make them all the same?
i've always heard mixed things. people complain about the spammers and that's why they were glad grenades got removed but grenades for any of the half-way decent players were a very useful tool that was used to push players, allow access to otherwise inaccessible areas for classes that can't rocket jump, and just a generally cool addition to combat since you can prime them while firing your gun and release them whenever you want. also, grenades did not make all the classes the same at all. every class had it's clear, defined strengths and weaknesses with or without grenades. the only classes that would be signficantly changed without grenades are scouts and medics and they're the only two that use conc grenades that deal 0 damage.
>plus, the game really was that great, it'd still be played a lot nowadays, like cs1.6. but nope, you can only find a handful of servers, with like 2 of them having actual players on it.
i'm not sure what this has to do with anything? what about the original doom, quake 3 arena, unreal tournament, etc? tfc is basically a hybrid of arena/team-based shooter. arena shooters are just dead now. hell, the newest unreal tournament was released fairly recently, was 100% free, and it was a dead game on release. you can look at any of the great ones, it's not a genre people want to play anymore. a lot of players who were great at arena shooters at the time of their popularity don't really have time to play games anymore. they're all in their 30s-40s with families and careers now. sure, they might still play games, but not enough to populate an old arena game. they'll just go elsewhere where they can jump in a quick game here and there.
tl:dr - i feel like u/darkslide3000 struck a chord with you by saying tf2 was dumbed down from tfc and that was what lead you to post your argument but it's so flawed i feel like you didn't really play tfc much, if at all. is tf2 a streamlined version of tfc? yes, you're right that it is more streamlined. but it's also a lot more dumbed down too.
------
i think the "spiritual" level needs to be completely left out of this, since it's completely arbitrary and unless you can prove the existence of souls or god, is just making up narrative to support your point (of course god is on my side).
let's take it point by point.
>identical twins dna
so it's enough to say that once the dna is different to the mother's, then it is a separate entity and not a part of her. yet if the dna is the same, as in the case of the twins, they are not parts of each other and still separate beings? you can't have it both ways, clearly something is wrong with this argument. is occupying physical space another requirement for life? but both the mother and fetus occupy individual space. a hollow sphere and a ball still occupy independent space regardless if one is inside the other or not. there are also some rare case of one twin 'absorbing' the other in utero and ending up with foreign dna in parts of their body (chimerism), if that is a reproductive organ, biologically their children won't be theirs. does that mean that the part of their body with a different dna is a separate entity also? saying dna somehow proves the value of one hypothetical baby over another just leaves too many logical inconsistencies. clearly a better identifier for personhood is needed, or anyone with chemerism needs to run out and get two passports stat, while all fraternal twins only share one. sorry guys.
> i didn't know a living organism having solely human dna would make them human is controversial
it is not. no one argues that a fetus is inhuman then somehow changes species. the argument is that it's a "potential" future human being, but does not have the rights of a born, independently "non biologically dependant on a host" actual human. same as me having full biological and physical potential to become president doesn't give me the rights of one. even if it was granted those rights, no one can force another human to give up blood or any bodily organ for their survival against their will. i'm not a murderer for letting people die because i didn't donate blood. someone is certainly not a murderer for not donating their entire body to something without a name or any other myriad of things we use to establish personhood vs potentialhood.
>body part argument
so does that also mean a fetus is a clump of cells without individual rights until all those body parts are fully developed? personally this makes sense in a way, once it is able to survive outside the womb it has acquired all necessary characteristics of being a fully developed person with all those organs needed for survival. until then it is an organ of the woman's body incapable of sustaining itself on its own, much like the heart.
>abortion vs murder
i am curious would you give the same punishment to someone who disfigured and injured their fetus (through consumption of damaging chemicals) as you would someone that did that to a baby? because for some reason most countries that ban abortion consider that perfectly legal. personally, even though i am fully for decriminalising abortion until a fetus is able to survive, i would make that an equal offense, as it is done to someone that now has to suffer their real life through it. a real person is carrying real consequences. that is not right. but somehow, pro life people have no issue with this despite seeing the fetus as equal to a baby.
>i think it was a prochoice person that pointed out to me once that god instituted a fine as a punishment for causing a miscarriage to another's wife
afaik that story is correct, but i'm not sure why base any decisions on what the bible says when you are not seem familiar with it.
------
> he's acting like you should treat yourself like a leper for having a fetish and " warn " people like it's something wrong with you. nice straw man. please point out to me ( the specific quote ) as to where i alluded to that. > there is no obligation to open up about your sexual fantasies 110 % before marriage, only costs and benefits. this stuff is very personal and not for everyone. there is no obligation. however, bearing that mind, you should also not have the expectation that everyone will be ok with your fetish in the process. you should also not have the expectation that they will be just as trusting of you after entrenching them into a commitment in which it is more difficult for them to reject being with you if they don't like this fetish or if they are uncomfortable with it. it's not just how you feel about it without giving any credence to how the other person would feel about it and telling them that only after you trap them in marriage and pregnancy ( and yes, there are some people who do that and exist. not saying op specifically, but there are some people in this world who do similar shit, and it's scummy ). that was the whole point of my comment. > the idea that you should either be open about your sexuality only in advance of marriage or keep certain desires to yourself forever are the kind of thing an asshole believes. except that's also not what i said. i never said you should be open about it. either you don't tell them at all, or at least, if you are going to tell them and be open about it... do not wait until you put them within circumstances in which it is more difficult for them to say no because maybe, it just might not be their cup of tea. there is also an asshole thing to know, you know? most people don't see it the way you do. they see it like : imagine you are with someone you love and years later tells you a pretty unusual fetish about having sex with others. some are ok with it, but don't think * shocked if others are not * and label them as assholes for being annoyed at that. you see things in very black and white and general terms. some people might not care and see it as just a sexual interest and nothing more ( much like you ). except you also have to understand that other people might not see this the way you do. other * might * care about that... maybe just a little bit... lol. the fetish by itself is not wrong ( at least i believe that, some don't ), but that also doesn't mean the other person is wrong for wanting to reject somebody over it ( because they don't like the fetish ) and is therefore a little pissed that it's more difficult for them to just walk away when they only know about it after the fact ( marriage, pregnancy etc ). if you deem that to be an unreasonable position, fine. but don't suggest i'm an asshole. i deem it unreasonable that you deny them the choice in the first place, because this isn't something that most people would equate to an ordinary sexual preference ( much like you ) that is harmless in not disclosing after putting someone into a commitment ( marriage, pregnancy ) without their knowledge of details that would be considered by the majority of people in this case to be relevant, because it also involves them, not just the person with the fetish, and it would have been nice to know earlier, at least, to some people ( not you in this case it seems ). hence why most agree with me ( and not you ). perhaps you don't and you equate it to nothing more than just a sexual interest and see this in a very black and white manner, even though it could lead to other implications that are more damaging ( divorce etc that could have been avoided, as i'm sure you thought of this topic deeply before posting your comment ), and that's fine. you may believe it fine, and i respect that, but please, don't misjudge people as assholes for it. some people don't want it. also, it's funny how you call me childish and entitled... when you are the one who views this topic in a one dimensional and simplistic way.
------
this is an interesting conversation. thanks for those points. i believe strongly in communism (essentially) at the family/neighborhood level (since it's the natural state of order for the human animal at those levels), but at the state level (which has no "natural" state of order; i.e. evolution hasn't prepared us for it) i think i might, personally, be ready to throw the baby out with the bathwater. i recently read marx's communist manifesto again, and with fresh eyes it just seems so clear that teaching people to think in terms of class struggle, while having the good intention of preventing oppression, has negative outcomes in terms of respect for the sovereignty of the individual (which obviously has led to human rights violations time and time again throughout the history of communism). when people say, "well i read marx and didn't feel myself going down that slippery slope," i want to remind them that that's only because they've already been deeply indoctrinated by another, better, system of morality--when you give marx to people who haven't, that's when you get atrocities.
i'd prefer to teach people to think in terms of absolute respect for the rights of the individual, and then further teach that not exploiting people (whether they're of a certain class or not) is *therefore* not okay. it just doesn't seem to me that we require a completely new rubric of human moral imagination to replace the one we came up with during the enlightenment (and also in ancient greece, and in other places too, i'm sure). it's not clear to me that our moral failings as a species are due to the current rubric not being good enough.
now i devolve into things i don't know enough of the specifics on to discuss seriously, but i'll throw some ideas out there in case you're bored at work like i am and it might give you an interesting thought or two:
as for chinese foreign policy, i'm no expert (nor am i really caught up on modern literature on the subject), but i can see that it's very clever in that it maximally leverages the principals of complex interdependence outlined by keohane and nye. the belt and road initiative is definitely beating us at our own game. western powers don't win most of their "wars" through violence, either, they win them through things like debt-slavery via the world bank, which is what china seems to me to be doing now in the developing world, but at an even faster rate and under less regulation than we are, so i imagine it's even more exploitative, but that's just a guess since, as i said, i'm not really up to date on the specifics. it would be interesting to look into the concrete effects of the bri and compare them to western efforts of a similar nature (economic development, not military) in the developing world. let me know if you have any interesting sources on this!
it's definitely an interesting experiment going on right now. obviously life in china now is totally different than during the first decades of the revolution, so there have clearly been factors able to moderate the worst of what tends to happen in communist states. part of it seems to be switching to an economic model much more closely resembling market capitalism, if much more tightly controlled. that capitalist influence was able to grow the middle class, whose presence probably was a large factor in moderating china's most totalitarian policies. what will be an interesting lesson for the west, especially to the most staunch free-market libertarians, will be seeing that markets, similar to our own, don't necessarily run better under democracy. they may, in fact, be even *more* profitable under authoritarian regimes. i think it was slavoj zizek who noticed that.
------
corporations are basically their own little government dictatorships. the irony that americans love the freedom to run our own businesses is that we then go and run it like a dictator and give no freedoms to your subordinates. granted, you can move freely between private governments, that doesn't stop these governments from doing shady or illegal activities. imagine if you wanted to change the world in your image and you were also a good busueiness man. the business you create is secondary to your primary goal of influencing the people. your private government is just a tool for empower yourself to unlimited heights. jeff bezo's likely doesn't care that he's delivering products that people want / need, but that doing so makes him wealthy and powerful. his american dream... to become a king and rule over his subjects. and that's why they will always fight tooth and claws to keep it that way. if bezos is treating his workers like slaves he likely has contempt for the underprivileged and people after him, when push come to shove, will unleash a fury we have never seen before. this is literally history repeating itself. the revolution in russia after wwi is eerily similar to today's revolution, albeit us lay people have better material conditions. if you read that history you know how it devolved into a civil war. ever since then, the communist party was relentlessly attacked by by its diametric opposition and the capitalist class. initially it had nothing to did with building a totalitarian oppressive society. but the constant threats and attacks by the capitalist class caused a guy like stalin come in and take extreme measures. unfortunately, the capitalist class was able to pull that against the entire ideal of workers owning the means of production to wage a full on war. the american capitalist class seized the opportunity to attack anyone who was against privatization, with impunity, up until the vietnam fiasco where people started asking questions. that's why a lot of our corporations helped nazis until politics got out of hand. the nazi's made capitalism look bad and so they had to go. and if you wonder why anarchists and modern communists want violent revolution its because they know that the bezo's, tumps, devos's and clinton's will never back down without expending all their resources. and their resources are private paramilitaries, gangsters, cia, nsa, law enforcement agencies, weapons manufacturers and a whole army of right winger ##s who will fight along their side because they won't understand how everything is orchestrated at a higher level.
------
you didnt see evidence against the point that im not refuting because im leaving it to others to refute it. what you saw is evidence against your article that was being academically dishonest and i called them out on it.
right but thats the bias im talking about.
two people have a child. one believes that providing resources is the best way to care for a child. his/her (his) contribution is not taken into effect in custody court except to ascertain how much money to take from him.
the other believes that best way to care for a child is to cut back on providing resources and scale up direct care (my source refers to it as unpaid work). this makes sense since biologically one sex will literally create food out of their bodies (it even comes with a spigot). many couples find this division of child care to be "natural".
however when the couple divorces providing resources is seen more as punitive in that the father will continue to provide those resources usually in a form of check made out to the mother or he will go to fucking jail. every attorney's general office in teh united states has an action hotline a mother can call to report her deadbeat dad.
on the other hand, if youre the partner that chose direct care then your actions are seemingly rewarded because you get to be the gatekeeper to the kids and you now get a check in the mail. on the other hand, there is no action hotline you can call if the mother is playing fast and lose with visitation because nobody gives a shit.
so youre right, if fathers want to bolster their custody case they should tell their partners and new mothers to get fucked and get back to fucking work because letting them stay home with their baby is the shortcut to not having custody. in the same way we should be fighting maternity leave because if she is staying home with the baby then she is just bolstering her case for custody while the father is losing his. further if a mom wants to cut back to part time to stay home with her kids we should tell dad he better also cut back, mortgage be damned, or he will.... again by law....lose access to his fucking kids like some kind of chump if things go south.
when you point it out this way you can start to see how nonsensical it is to assign custody based on the living arrangements the couple made as a couple and then apply it....by the full sanction of the law...to the living arrangement now that they are not. yet its brought up all the fucking time and father's concerns about access to their children are waved away with, "well if you were so concerned why werent you spending time with them beforehand like the mother was". its all so very cute and quaint.
------
hello, i made this account just to respond to this. were you at both of cambridge or anglia ruskin? i cannot offer much advice if you were at the latter, but if you worked at the former then you may know that you are not allowed to work as an undergraduate during term, when you are in residence ( until signing exeat when leaving cambridge at the close of term ) ; unless your tutor / dos were somehow deceived and you were able to juggle the immense workload as well as a job, or you were a postgraduate, they or the student body with whom you live in college 24 / 7 should have noticed. i assume you were a postgrad or ar student, as there aren't that many pubs in cambridge, and all are frequented by staff, so an undergrad working behind a bar would normally be pretty quickly discovered. if you indeed were at university of cam as an undergrad and working, this may have held you back from reporting this to someone at the university, but i assure you, though you would have gotten in some minor trouble for the job, the university would having been very glad you came forward ( it doesn't matter that someone was something in town rather than in university ), and would have likely taken steps to either confront the cafe owner or warn the tutors and perhaps student body about this. if you were part of a college, whether as grad or undergrad, even if it is 10 years ago as you say, i strongly urge you to let, if you haven't yet, someone at the college, whether your old tutor, dos, or even the current senior tutor whom you may not have met ( but who will really appreciate your being in contact ), briefly know about the fact that this happened. they understand you may not want the bother, and may be scared about kicking up a fuss, but they will normally leave you alone and simply thank you for letting them know. i assure you even the colleges and university remain very invested in what happens to their students while the residence, really want to know about things like this, and will take steps. though i do not know how it works there, i am sure anglia ruskin has similar procedures. all of this may sound silly, and it may also be silly i made an account just to say this, but behaviour like this isn't a one - off, and just on the off chance the pub owner is still around and you let the university know, it may save others from such - or even worse - behaviour. victims of unacceptable behaviour like this often feel silly or as if they are exaggerating when reporting such things, which is the unfortunate side - effect of a culture of victim - blaming and toxic masculinity : i really do hope you have reported or will report this. i am so very sorry that this happened to you, and hope you are having a wonderful career now.
------
previous post [ < url > ] ( < url > ) tldr asked an old friend to stop being so handsy with my boyfriend, she took it the wrong way and told a common friend i got no business telling her what to do since i owe her so much my boyfriend is having sex with her. a friend convinced some other friends to send me prints of texts between themselves and either my bf or " best friend ". they are pretty clear. i confronted my bf, he looked lost, said he loves me and it was just sex. he says " jessie " kept throwing herself at him, teasing him, and he said he doesn't like her but i still wanted to hang. he said he just had sex with her to see if she would move on and leave him alone, and that it only happened a couple more times. says he wont do it anymore, he doesn't even like her, he loves me, asking me to please forgive him. from the texts, once i finally made it through them all, i think that jessie went to the party ( where me and bf met ) cause she wanted to hook up with him. she had it bad for him, but he didn't feel the same way. she was trying to get him to break up with me, and then to get me to break up with him. it worked. as of yesterday he is a single man. in some of those texts, they are talking about some of the hook ups. i feel like throwing up. i blocked him, cause he was still trying to get in touch. i ghosted her. but she just sent me the message saying she just heard what happened and " you know this seems probably for the best right? " and i feel like fucking screaming. i don't know if this is an update or just me venting. thanks and listening either way. edit i don't wanna sound melodramatic or sappy about anything, but you all brought me to tears. we keep hearing about how it is insanity to rely on the internet for personal connections, how i just lost some boyfriend, a best friend, and a whole group of friends.. and instead of feeling alone, i am more and more feeling like " fuck yeah that was the right thing to do, i will be back ". it just hurts. but not as much as it would had i really been alone. i can't even begin to thank this sub. i really don't know what to say. even on my previous posts that didn't get as many responses, it was some of the comments there that made me approach the cheating thing knowing i had to break up and move on. so it changed my life in this moment. and considering i will be doing a lot of soul searching on toxic relationships, this probably changed my life for good. so thank you all so much for reaching out to a stranger. this community is so precious! and i got a gold, i don't even know what to say! thank you so much! i don't mean to sound ungrateful, but i don't even know how much a gold costs, and this is an alt account, so it wont really be used. is there any way i can return it to the sender? some of you are asking for an update. i might in a while, if there is something new to tell. right now it's just more of the same. i don't think i will be able to answer all the comments, but i am trying to at least answer the ones with questions! thank you!!
------
> the baby in the womb is a human being and human rigths shouldnt be judge subjectively
debatable point but i'm willing to concede it for the sake of the conversation because i find it to be ultimately irrelevant.
> if you see murder as immoral ,then is immoral always ,it doesnt matter that murder takes place or other people see murder as moral
this is equating how i see morality throughout time versus how morality has always been seen throughout time. if i view murder to be immoral, murder should always be seen as immoral regardless of the time period i look at. this doesn't mean that if i see murder to be immoral that society sees, or has always seen, murder to be immoral. my personal morals are valid regardless of time period, that doesn't mean that our societal morals are constant. there may have been a miscommunication on this point but it's ultimately irrelevant to the conversation.
> --second,the baby is not invading the womb or violating the bodily integrity of the woman ,the baby is a product of the woman ,the fusion of her dna with that of another person,the by the first week the embryo has full dna code.
fetus, not baby. you literally provided a hyperlink to the definition at the beginning of your response. because the fetus began it's development from the inside of the body does not mean that it's not violating her bodily autonomy. and i'm pretty sure it fits the definition of invasive quite well. it is still using her body without her permission to survive. it doesn't matter how it got there, it matters what it's doing. it doesn't matter if it's a product of sex, artificial insemination, or invitro fertilization. her body is still being used to sustain the life of another and she has the right to deny that use.
the body's reactions are irrelevant. if all goes to hell, that's a medical reason to terminate the pregnancy. if all goes swimmingly, that's not a reason of any kind to force a woman to remain pregnant against her will.
> we also have to ask what are the most common reasons for a woman to desire the baby no to be born ,is it because she feel that her rigths are being violated and it bothers her ,or is it for societal reasons(ex:fianancial reasons)
no we don't. "why" has nothing to do with our ability to determine if a person should be forced to used her body against her will in order to sustain the life of another. it may change how you personally feel about her reasons, but it doesn't remove her rights. so, irrelevant.
> ,just because somebody violates your rigths whatever they migth be that doesnt allow you to kill them.
you're absolutely correct. but if someone is using our body against our will in order to survive, we have the right to discontinue that use, even if it means their death. this isn't an abrupt, one time decision that has to be made. permission of use can be retracted at any time. i think one of the other responders brought up having sex. even if you say yes in the beginning, you have every right to change your mind 5 minutes in. if the other person doesn't stop, they are now violating your bodily autonomy and have committed rape. can you kill them? no (this might actually vary from state to state so don't quote me on that). but it doesn't matter what will happen to them by denying the use of my body, they still don't have my permission.
no worries on the delayed response, i got busy myself and couldn't respond in a timely manner so i get it.
------
7. electro is a terrible villain whose has no thematic purpose whatsoever in this movie. he exists simply to fill time and have a flashy villain for spider - man to fight. as an actual character, he's even worse. like the lizard in the first film, he is given no legitimate reason to become a villain, other than i guess have heard voices in his head for some reason that turns him against everyone. his justification for hating spider - man is paper - thin at best, and he unbelievably switches from shy, timid nerd to evil, booming murderer in the blink of an eye. that's without even going into how stupid the character looks to begin with. 6. completely pointless subplot about peter find out the truth behind his parents in this movie, during the large stretches of time peter is not being spider - man, he spends a good portion of history trying to uncover the mystery of what happened to his parents. he's given little motivation to do this, mind you, because one movie establishes that he has nothing but contempt for his parents for abandoning him, but halfway through the movie he decides he suddenly cares and starts trying to put the pieces together. this subplot serves no thematic purpose whatsoever, other than to 1 ) tie up the pointless loose ends established in the previous movie, and 2 ) establish that peter's father tied his genetic research to peter's dna, thus revealing that only peter could have possibly become spider - man. which leads into my next point... 5. this movie completely undermines the entire fucking point of spider - man by making it so that only peter parker could have become spider - man, and that it was in fact now his destiny, you completely rob the character of his ultimate hero / every - man premise. he's not supposed to be someone special, someone destined for greatness. his powers were not supposed to be given to him. he's a normal kid who acquires great power and learns to use that power responsibly so become a hero. neither of these movies ever take the time to establish this. the peter parker of these films has zero foundation in what every single incarnation of spider - man is, and needs to be, based upon. 4. everything about dane dehaan, harry osborn, and the green goblin is really awful i have no idea what character dane dehaan was trying to play, but it sure as hell didn't feel anything close to what is supposed to be harry osborn. his performance is by far the worst in the movie, so ridiculously over - the - top and cartoonish that there isn't a chance that you can possibly take him seriously as a real human being. even worse, this movie is forced to cover the entire character arc of harry osborn in a single film, which leaves the whole thing feeling rushed and hollow. had harry been introduced in the first film, this might have felt a bit more excusable, but they never earned the right to tell his entire story now. harry is thrown into the film and you're simply led to believe that he and peter are super best friends forever ( despite having not connected in years ), and thus the entire relationship between the two characters is never truthfully established and causes later revelations in the movie to completely lack emotional weight ( more on that next ). you're left with the green goblin having a glorified five minute cameo that is a complete waste of spider - man's best villain, and who only exists in this movie to kill gwen stacy, be defeated in a ridiculously lame manner, and then set up the next film. 3. the climax of the movie has no emotional weight as mentioned before, it's really hard to be invested in the battle between peter and harry at the end of the film because the movie has done nothing to make you believe or care about their friendship to begin with. likewise, gwen stacy's death is also hard to empathize with because of the lack of chemistry she has with peter, and also it's really hard to become emotionally invested in a character whose sole purpose is to simply to die anyway. the manner in which gwen dies is also completely botched and done in such a cartoonish manner that it comes off as more humorous than horrifying. andrew garfield gives the closest thing to " good acting " this movie has in mourning her death, but it's not near enough to save the ending from being as shallow and meaningless as the rest of the film. 2. this movie's entire purpose of existing is solely to set up future movies in fact, calling this a " movie " almost seems disingenuous. one of the best descriptions i've heard is that the amazing spider - man 2 is more like an elaborate powerpoint presentation to sony stockholders outlining the future pathway of the franchise, and that's exactly what it feels like. this movie wasn't made because someone felt like they had a really good spider - man story to tell ; it was made because sony is desperate to create their own avengers - style universe, and everything done in this movie is purposefully there to set that up. so, congrats, everyone who saw this movie paid 10 dollars or more for what is basically a 2 1 / 2 hour trailer for the next two spider - man movies. 1. andrew garfield is the worst peter parker you can possibly come up with i was willing to give garfield the benefit of the doubt in the first film. his performance was terrible, but i mostly chalked it up to bad writing and bad directing. now, it's pretty clear he's just a bad actor, and even with the character maturing from where he was in the first film, garfield is still cannot give a believable performance as peter. at no point does this character even closely resemble even the most basic aspects of who peter parker is supposed to be ; aspects of the character that are consistent across every single interpretation of the character ever created. he's annoying, unlikeable, and can barely form a complete sentence without sounding like a complete idiot ( there's one scene in particular where he fumbles through his dialogue and makes horribly stereotypical jokes about britain that made me want to pound nails into my skull ). nothing about his character comes even close to being endearing. every scene involving garfield alternates between inducing sleep or cringe, and if there was anything close to justice in this universe, he would never be allowed to put on the spider - man costume ever again.
------
i'm still replying to your other comment but let me get this out of the way first. hank did not threaten me with a restraining order. hank called me to tell me that mia was threatening one and that i've been told may have been an exaggeration. i reached out to mia's roommate who told me she was just panicked at the sight of me but she overreacted and i'm okay as long as i am not seeking her out. > mia is only another primary denominator because you made her the common denominator with your unrequited love. blaming mia for all this would be the equivalent of blaming helen for the fall of troy. unrequited love? i had a crush on her for 3 months. the extent of my feelings for her were simply that i wanted to hang out with her more often. we would not have worked together. we are too similar for one and her religious beliefs and my lack of religion would've eventually clashed and i knew it. > of course it does because every. other. person. who experienced these events disagrees with you. no. i for one does not disagree with me over the events and there are other friends that witnessed them all that do not disagree with me either. i saw no real point to mentioning them in my post. > this doesn't even make sense. mia and i were really close friends. we were close enough that from the outside, it almost looked like we were in a relationship. we texted daily ( i know you are going to think it was just me texting her but it was both of us ) and we spent a lot of time together. the only aspect of a relationship that was missing between us was physical intimacy. i've had friends after the fact specifically tell me that mia and i were friends without benefits. given all that, i could understand how my friends came to assume that the falling love was because of one sided relationship but those feelings had been gone for months by that point. but that is to be blamed, it is not on me because i got over them and she could not. > so he liked the same girl. is that against the rules? nope, not at all. i remember specifically telling ben when i noticed it that while i wasn't think they would work, they are both adults that can do what they wanted. a little courtesy from hank on telling me we've been nice because mia knew i was getting over my feelings but it was a minor thing. i was more offended that he cut another friend, larry, from his life over a lack of courtesy in telling him he was interested in his ex pam and then did similar to me but it was still minor. > this is made up in your head. how is it made up in my head? their conversation literally went as followed : * hank : mia really needs to get laid. * tom : are you going to do something about that? * hank : maybe * tom : well if you don't, i might. it bothered me and i asked multiple people about it who agreed with me. > because you have been a stalking creep. take responsibility for your actions. who are you to say i'm a stalking creep? i have not stalked or creeped on anyone in all this. that is now you putting together things in your head. what pieces i have put together are pieces that i already knew, that i have been told, or that i by chance came across like seeing mia on bumble.
------
i had a situation where i spent more under my usual < cur > 500, and ended up waiting six weeks for one instead of 10 days. in that time, it was really difficult to contact the physical store, they got my prescription completely wrong, made multiple mistakes with the glasses, and didn't ev n check to see if they actually fit or worked for me when i collected them. in over 20 years of wearing glasses, this was the first time i tried somewhere different, and it was horrendous. that particular time, i needed fast turn around as i had only recently noticed how bad my distance vision was, ended up with all those delays and was travelling alone a couple of weeks later, so being able to read signs was crucial. where i live 10 days is actually quite a long time. most people i know get theirs in half that, even from the same location. i just have so many modifications. the thinning of the lenses is the biggest cost, but is necessary on any frames that actually suit me. also.. just because glasses look good doesn't mean they are comfortable. i have tried on loads of pairs that looked great, but when i think about it, didn't feel right, usually because of the nose piece. i am considering a supposedly cheaper place next time i replace, but only if i'm really happy with them. the one time i tried something else damaged an ability to trust other opticians so badly, that the cost is worth the peace of mind. also.. your attitude about breaking, and who cares when their so cheap.. thats unsettling. the only time i ever broke glasses was about three years ago through my optic mishandling. my glasses go through a hell of a lot with me, because i'm clumsy, and always come out well. i have smashed my face off more things than they care to count, and there's nary a sign. they have been flung across rooms, ended up in a fridge.. none of this is ever intentional.. but i know that, if a lens pops out, i will have it fixed free of charge the next day, whilst i wait. checked the site, and they won't tell you where they ship glasses until you're paying.. also, minimum 21 day shipping it seems.. these could stretch to months if there are any problems.. this is genuinely a case where going too cheap would make me really uneasy. frugal isn't always about spending the least possible. i'm actually thinking that next time, if i don't go elsewhere, that i'm just going to reuse the frames. that will cut my costs by about < cur > 130. ( yes, two pairs of frames for < cur > 130... the rest of the cost is down to modifications to the lenses - both with anti glare, and thinned down, and one pair reaction lenses. it's the thinning that costs the bulk ).
------
i has poor quality sleep due to a chronic illness / genetic disorder that causes frequent spontaneous joint injury and recurrent acute pain. i was complaining about my sleep quality and that's actually how i finally got diagnosed with the adhd. i'd been talking to my friends about adhd for a long time and i was boarderline for meeting dsm criteria. getting a sleep as an adult is harder in general. they were really hung up on my childhood history. i didn't have any physical hyperactivity symptoms as a child - but my doctor now suspects this is because i had issues with peripheral palsy. as an adult the hyperactivity has gotten worse, i managed to double - dislocate a knee while it was inside an ortho boot, because not fidgeting my leg mentally hurt my brain more than fidgeting my leg actually hurt my knee. the sleep study at the hospital was completely inconclusive, i have cataplexy so they were expecting a narcoleptic sleep pattern but it was more in line with generic " painsomnia ". apparently my symptoms still align with n & c, so i have to get a 5 day study at some point ( on a waiting list, public healthcare so it takes a while ) however it was in line with the " i don't stop, i pass out from exhaustion after 34 hours " lots of people with adhd experience. it finally explained why i seem to run on a 28 hour circadian rhythm not a 24 hour. i sleep really quickly if i just adjust my day to carry over into the next day like there are 28 hours in the day. then sunday is like a leap year in terms of keeping time. for me the worst symptoms are the social ones. i hate when i finish a conversation with a friend and i was active in the conversation so 2 seconds ago we stop talking you can't remember a thing that was said and it all feels like a dream. or worse still, i'm an asshole because of how often i interrupt and cut people off and i hate myself and that's the one thing i'm constantly trying to work on. of course, loosing my most important shit drives me up the wall too. i just moved house and i put my old house keys in a basket on the new mantle so i'd know exactly where they are, but are they there now? of course not. i have no idea where they are, i've turned the new place upside down, i've unpacked all the boxes, i'm in so much pain from my physical condition trying to find these damn keys... i've got to give them to the old property manager tomorrow or i'm in serious legal trouble. my partner remembers me putting them in the basket and even saying " i'm putting my keys here for tuesday, ok babe " and he can't find them either, and he can't remember seeing me go grab them after that.
------
**edited for readability**
i'm so. fucking. sorry.
no one should ever have to live through that. for any reason.
if i could, i'd hug you... obviously you'd have to approve and since we've never met it'd probably be totes awkward. but, fuck it. you're a human. i'm a human. regardless of god, allah, jesus, it the fsm, to some greater than zero degree, you're suffering is my suffering because we're neighbors and we share this world together, and i hate unnecessary suffering. so, if i could snap my fingers and remove your pain, i'd do it in a second.
please know, your suffering brings me sorrow, not because i can do a damned things about it or that i somehow think you need anything from me - because i know you don't. it brings me sorrow because you're suffering was brought about from abject, bald faced, cruel stupidity, and it didn't have to happen. years of your life were spent fixing damaging thoughts taught to you. that is fucking horrible. i'm grateful you've found ways to grow out of it, and may your blessings continue.
regarding the prosperity gospel, i don't think i've defended it one bit. never have i stated that it's good, worthwhile, or provided an important and useful role in the lives of the people following it. it doesn't. it's a mean and cruel sham. i simply was arguing that it provided something and that something was a promise. i don't think those prosperity pastors will keep their promises and i don't think for one second they carry the true word of christ. even if i don't like, i have to acknowledge that they do provide a promise for people who believe that promise, and sometimes it might be all that keeps them going and sometimes it gives them a purpose. i'm not so knowledgeable, so worldly, or wise, that i would take someone's most important thing from them (that promise of salvation), and i'm not so arrogant as to tell them about their experiences of their reality. whether or not i agree with it, i'll listen and hope they get what's important to them, that thing that keeps them striving when maybe nothing else will. i have pity for the people who've been lied to. as i understand their god, the one that they believe in, he will take care of them. i want them to be taken care of.
as to their pastors and religious leaders, they should be shown as frauds immediately and send directly to jail. they should be forced to live a life of poverty and public service, until they've worked off every dollar they conned from people with true faith. i have no respect for them. they have no right to preach of jesus and ask anything if their parish, except possibly forgiveness but not before penance.
as to me, i don't follow a theology. i was raised catholic, and i ended that as soon as possible, for every reason that every other recovering catholic chose to leave. i could never reconcile a prophet of love (the big j) condemning anyone to eternal suffering, especially for trivial things like: religious faith, gender identity, political affiliation, and such. the hypocrisy was obvious and i wouldn't be a part of it. if i have any trace amount of piety, or religiousness then it's most likely due to old lessons from old times in memories long dormant. i have thought often of christianity and at its core, at least as i see (even if no one else does), it's kinda fucking beautiful: love your neighbor as yourself. that's it. the old testament shouldn't even be permitted in christianity since it was all before christ. that shit is full of nastiness, hate, and fear mongering. the old testament is some straight up bullshit. and, the new testament could have almost been written as: love your neighbor as yourself. but again, this is my interpretation - and i'm stupid when it comes to the complexities of theological studies (because really, what's the point?). i will admit to trying to live as jesus did... to a degree. i obviously am not the son of god, so i've gotta pay taxes, support my son, and i've got to have a job for this. without doubt, i can't throw it all away right now and walk the world just asking people to be good to their neighbors. so... i fail everyday at loving my neighbors but i try... and some neighbors i'll try loving again tomorrow but not today - because they passed me off. i am petty, and selfish, and human, and have limits - but i don't hold it against myself. i just keep trying, because i'd rather fail at helping the world be a better place then not.
honestly, i'd be this way without jesus anyway.
i don't ask god for much, maybe 15 times in my life. mostly, if there's a god i assume he/she had much better things to do than worry about me. so i let god be god and i let me be me and perhaps the two shall never meet - and that's alright. why wait for god to make my life better right? lastly, i once heard that god was everywhere. if so, that meant i never had to go to church again and listen to ignorantly learned fools discuss the intricacies of mark and yet miss the whole fucking point of the whole fucking thing: love your neighbors as yourself.
c'est la vie...
------
firstly, thanks for your measured response.
the total of 18-30 minutes you outline is reasonable, however that's the total time the customer spends at the restaurant, not the actual length fo interaction the waiter has with them. i.e. your waiter is not waiting next to your table when the burger is being made and when you're eating, that would be very creepy and a waste of their time.
like i said, my example was a best case scenario where it is not in a very busy situation where you're in a rush and every table is filled and requesting attention. because in that case, absolutely, the waiter is losing on the potential to make more money with other people.
so unless that's the case, you're not costing the waiter money, you're just not matching their expectations. again, i feel like i need to re-iterate that this is in a situation where you do not have to juggle as many customers as you physically can, which is always the time when i go eat because i don't enjoy very busy places. i think you will agree with me that restaurants have very defined "busy" hours.
op did not specify that he did go during a busy time, so i think it's unfair to default to the worst possible situation for a non-tipper as the baseline example, because it's obvious. i made my example very narrow on purpose for a reason.
i.e. in some cases i don't think it's an asshole thing to not tip if you have the audacity to order a simple item and not request anymore than a total of around 5-10 minutes of actual attention from a waiter. definitely does not justify verbal abuse.
i wouldn't have a person work in my home for free because it just can't happen, they have proper work conditions and you'll get sued if you try to pull a fast one because that would be illegal.
i've worked plenty of minimum wage slave jobs that treat you like shit, customers included, and had absolutely no expectation (or even the right) for a tip because society doesn't expect them to be tipped. but everyone still used my service without a second thought. we enjoy so many things without tipping the people who make it possible, that i find it really weird how immense the backlash is for this opinion i have; i think it has to do with the fact that the only people answering are food service workers and they take it very personally.
when i used to work at home depot i would operate a saw for 8 hour shifts for a bunch of customers who had very specific demands, all of that for minimum wage and no benefits. do note that where i live the minimum wage for tip workers is around 20% less than the actual minimum wage, so my opinion is inherently based on those numbers.
------
>your presence matters. a group of 4 is much easier for the enemy team to deal with than a group of 6 or 7. you dying puts your team at a disadvantage both in terms of number of men on the battlefield and the overall score (each death costs your team a ticket). i've had tons of games come down to the wire where both teams have double-digit tickets left and we win by 10 or so points. a player dying constantly costing our team 20+ tickets a game hurts badly.
sure, but if it's a good player who died, then it does not matter. if he gets 10 kills for every death, then he'll devour enemy tickets like mad and it's a guaranteed win. whenever i played bf1 with friends (which is very rarely, since as you can guess i don't find much fun in playing the game), all of us always ended up somewhere in top 10, often with kdr like 30:5 or so. the objectives were pretty much just a formality, because when you wreck enemy so hard, it's no problem to just get to the flag and stand for a while to capture it. compare that to ther games where your kdr can be very high, but you still lose the game, because kills are much harder to get, because the game is more organized and people can't suddenly come out from every possible place without you having hints of it beforehand etc.
i mean, if you played bf, how often did you see where most of the enemies in general were, then just took a long way around, got them from behind and killed 10 or even more completely unaware people in the back? that shit happens every single game. in game like r6 or cs when someone dies at x place everyone immediately knows they're pushing/picking from place y and adapts accordingly. not in bf though, because there is so much stuff going on, the map is very big and it's such a clusterfuck that you can't possible know about details like that. you don't have commander to notify you of enemy positions and advances anymore either. further proof that the old bf formula worked, but the new one doesn't.
>it absolutely does. as i said above. follow your teammates around. stay as part of a group. even if you only encounter a couple random enemies on the way to capturing a flag, would you rather have it be a 1v1 gunfight or a 2v1 or 3v1 because you were playing as a team?
you misunderstood me. obviously, the more people the better. what i'm saying is that you'll all be running around shooting anyway. the game is way too fast for any tactical movement or advanced cooperation like you see in squad or older bf titles. squad is just means to spawn on the frontline so you don't waste time running and have some people around you so you're not sticking out as a single target.
>snipers can be good for causing some chaos around a flag. the enemy team can't just run to a flag and sit there to cap it if they've got bullets whizzing past their heads from 200m out. and even if that sniper only picks off 1 or 2 people, it makes the speed of the flag capture go slower and it allows your team to potentially defend the flag easier since there's less enemies to contend with.
>there's no learning curve with helicopters or jets? bull fucking shit. a good jet player can avoid rockets, do strafing runs on objectives, and take out other jets, helicopters, and tanks. and again, every death is not meaningless, as i said above. not by a long shot.
when i was talking about learning curve, i mean in terms of infantry gameplay. there's not a single mechanic you can improve (or rather that's worth improving) other than aim. no complex movement mechanics, no positioning, no footsteps/sound play. gamesense is pretty much absent from the game.
------
> i would add before it can survive outside the uterus this addition is problematic for survivability varies. 25 wks is around the time where most fetuses would be viable outside the womb, but this is not a guarantee. but for legal purposes there needs to be a hard date ( like age requirements for drinking or smoking ). i'd also be curious what you would call the willful termination of their pregnancy at 26 wks ( or when the fetus can survive outside the womb ). > like the rigth to think freely nobody can stop you from doing it or you do not depend from an outside force to do it the definition of an inalienable right does not mean that it doesn't depend on an " outside force " or you literally cannot be stopped from doing it ( like thinking ). it means that it is a natural human right that we do not permit this government to take away through legislation unless specifically warranted. now if you don't consider bodily autonomy to be an inalienable right then i'm afraid we're going to have to agree to disagree. > she can give birth on her own but not abort. you might want to look into that claim. women have been performing self abortions for quite some time. the big difficulty with having it legal is that it can be performed with a reduced risk potential. > i dont say law and morals are the same thing but influence each other greatly i agree. but you brought up the legal factor as if it defines the morality. she's irrelevant. > goverment is quite important in the case of abortion, it fully or partially funds abortion this is an argument for coverage, not choice. > women are not reduced to be incubators!, they are born that way all female mammals are, all women have the capacity of being incubators for human beings when you tell the woman that because she been born with a uterus, if she becomes pregnant then she forfeits the ability to determine how her body will be used, you have reduced her to a human incubator. you have determined that the rights of the fetus outweigh her right to deny the use of her body to sustain the life of that fetus. her purpose is to carry that fetus until the cycle concludes or terminates through natural means. > their hole reprudctive system has a purpose of getting the material for a new human being. purpose does not equal requirement . > evolution has not led to a capacity for the female to stop a pregnancy of her own. no, advancements in medical knowledge and procedures have. just like so many other things we control through actions and not evolutionary traits. > i think the example of slavery does have relation, slaves didnt have their rigth to " bodily integrity " even duh they had a body and then with progress this rigth and many more were recognized to them. yes, it shows how legality and morality are not interchangable and how bodily autonomy is a right that should be recognized. that's * my * point. > the disagreement is wheter the baby in womb should have recognition of its body integrity the right to life ends when it requires the use of another person's body against their will in order to survive. i have bodily autonomy, i do not have the right to use any part of any person's body without their permission so i can survive. now if you're using body integrity to emphasize how the fetus is its own separate person, fine. we take that person and separate it from the other person. problem solved. > the baby is not violating the body of the woman i don't mean to sound insulting but, are you serious? you might want to look into this claim as well. > the baby is a consequences of the nature of the woman, of the sexual organs that all women have, the baby didnt make a choice. pregnancy is the consequence, abortion is the response to that consequence. the fact that something is a consequence of an action doesn't render me incapable of responding to that consequence. there are many people who " didn't make a choice " regarding a variety of circumstances. this does not give them the right to use the body of another against that person's will in order to survive. > the baby fits all the requirements for " bodily integrity " again, i don't think you're grasping what that term means. > the process of conception of human beings, comes from evolution if women dont wanna have babies they have many choices condoms break, birth control fails, many facilities won't perform surgery unless certain criteria are met, and people are going to have sex. reduction of unintentional pregnancies through contraceptives, planning, and sex education is key, i agree. but even if we throw all that out the window, we still don't have the right to force a person, any person, to use their body against their will in order to sustain the life of another.
------
* this is about illegal powder / paste amphetamine but applies to adderall in the us too * amphetamine is a tricky little substance. the first few times you try it, often at a party, it feels amazing. you can smoke anything, talk to anyone, dance all night and unlike coke, you don't even have to redose. this is amazing, you think. but you've heard how it's addictive, so you keep your use down. maybe once a month. maybe more, maybe less. you use responsibly, sparingly, when someone offers it to you. then you have a party coming up. they think some amph would be nice for that but your friends who usually share with you won't be there. so you buy your own for the first time. just a few grams. this will last you a long time, you think. the party comes. you're on amph and it's amazing. while many people are drunk off their ass, stumbling around, you are in the perfect zone. you're having fun, you're hyped, you are a social god. your thinking isn't impaired. it's clearer than ever. it's almost like you're more sober than sober. many of the girls are keeping their distance from the same drunk guys but they like talking to you. because you're there. you seem sober. you always get one or two numbers, maybe. but later, you wonder. did they like you or did they like the amphed up version of you? you never talked this easily or confidently. you've never been the life after the party before. but on amph, you were just that. the best possible version of someone. and you have quite a bit more at home. there's no parties scheduled for a while. you go to work during the week, like everyone else or like everyone else, you have days where you feel like shit. you didn't sleep enough, you argued with someone, your mood is down. well, just gotta push through and go on, right? wrong. you have something others don't. a cheat code. a way to turn the bad days into the best ones. you discover the potential of this drug for work, church or university. man smoking really is the perfect drug you think. it's so versatile, you can use it both for work and to party, it's great. sure, the comedowns can be annoying and you notice you're losing weight due to eating less, but whatever. you were eating too much anyway. at this point, the drug has already started to take control. but you never feel like that. see, the thing about amph is, it hijacks your brain's reward center. the brain associates the surges of dopamine with healthy, good activities. eating, socializing, sex. amphetamine. you never feel like you're losing control because your brain is doing its best to tell you : this is good. keep doing this. it's healthy. the rationalizing starts. you always manage to find some excuse to do some. your friends get worried and tell you to slow down but what the hell do they know? they're overreacting. after all, you could stop if you wanted to. you're in control. you're in control. the comedowns get worse, the breaks get shorter. tolerance rises. the doses rise. you notice that you're overdoing it. you make promises to stop. after this weekend. next week. next month. after that one big party. that one important work day. one last time. one more line. just one more line. promises you know you'll never keep. amphetamine is a tricky little substance.
------
# #... # 3 #
------
> totally agree. that's an obvious whole principle of relying on data that is essential for the application to work. if the data isn't there, you don't want to mask an exception. ever. however, you would never code in a way it can evolve into an architecture that have to rely on that kind of coupling in the first place. that's the wrong way to do things. > that statement seems like a straw man to what we're really talking about here. and has nothing to do with cases where the data you rely on is essential to the application. i'm talking about designing a non - visual client that will work even if the data is not there. the sydney latitude example shows if the latitude is not there it doesn't need to show anything. also, you can change the structure of the html and as long as it respects the contract, it won't break. the non - visual client doesn't care about the structure, it only cares about specific attributes. first of all you're right you don't code from a way that relies on a specific implementation, you create boundaries between appropriate characteristics. a consumer could just say oh that data doesn't exists anymore, or it moved somewhere else, but they shouldn't have to. you establish a contract of how the data feed is gonna look, stuff like this data can be found here it will always be there, this other piece can be found here it may or may not exists. if producer of the data doesn't just say well the consumer shouldn't have relied on the data being in that spot its on them. that bogus. the point of a data feed is to provide data. if a database connection fails we shouldn't say you shouldn't have coded in a way that relied on a data connection, we throw an exception and hopefully have system that notifies someone the database is down. if the application needs to data to realize its core goal that is unavoidable there is no coding around it that is a hard dependency. you should keep the app from blowing up but that doesn't mean it cannot continue execution as normal. > if you tell a consumer to get this data look here, then move it while it might not break if it are doing it with the query selector method, you have breached the contract. what i mean is if a producer of data tells me i can find the data i need somewhere, and then changes that i'm sure as hell not gonna be relying on that data feed anymore. you cannot violate a data contract once it has been established. edit i edited my previous post after you responded to it ( didn't realize you had ) moving it here for clarity. > if the value of the " class " changes, of course it's not gonna find the element. however, it's not gonna " break down " the code as if you were looking up the properties like this : " regions. sydney. latitude ". if one property changes, that's a runtime error, it breaks everything. if you use queryselector, though, it doesn't break everything. the code doesn't find the element it's looking for but it still works as if the element is not there. this almost make it sound like you care more about your consuming code and less about the api itself. you can always null check on javascript object. it is just the same. but if it doesn't error when you expect data to be there that can be a worse issue. many applications need data to be in the apis they are calling if it isn't there it is often an unrecoverable exception similar to a database connection failing. it isn't often just oh well wasn't there lets continue on our merry way. i'm sorry i simply don't agree with you or the author. as i understand this you want to be able to'ehance'existing endpoints to also work as datafeeds. that is just blurring responsibility of the page / endpoint for a minor gain of convenience for the developer. at the same time it pushed the responsibility of consuming the'api'in this new way that is inefficient and verbose onto the consumer... i don't see the benefit of this maybe i am missing the point.
------
> i don't concede to that.
you don't believe he performs miracles? okay, sorry, i don't know what god you're talking about, then. are you a deist?
> but comparing miracles to essentially cheat codes.
perhaps you could try another analogy. why shouldn't god use cheat codes, if it would save more people?
> the analogy was pointing out that a god that "used the console commands" which represent solving a problem via miraculous intervention is not as "good" of a being (anselm version) as one which didn't need to intervene via miracle to accomplish his goals and instead set up the physical laws to accomplish them that way.
okay, i didn't get that.
so god would be better if he just set up the physical laws so that everything works out perfectly and everyone freely chooses to believe, without miracles? okay, i can accept that. seems a bit contrived to deny him miracles, but if that makes you happy, i've got no problem with it.
> how is it "reading too much into" it when i showed that your example doesn't actually support that an infinite number of possible worlds exists?
it does. are you saying there are finite real numbers? leave aside the questions about god and omnibenevolence and all that, just consider this: if there is one universe for each real number, how many universes will there be?
the answer is infinite. so there are infinite possible worlds. now, of course, that doesn't in and of itself advance god's plan, but it shows that your restriction on the number of possible worlds is arbitrary and not one god is required to obey.
> two things wrong with this. 1) i've never said that god has to abide by physical laws but that he would almost certainly choose to do so in the vast majority of cases. 2) that's been my position from the beginning.
you told me there were finite possible worlds, i showed there were multiple, and then you changed your argument to 'there are finite possible worlds *that wouldn't require god to do something i don't think he would.*'
> i'm not interested in somone's interpretation of a miracle. i'm quite convinced that millions (maybe billions) of people in the past witnessed solar eclipses and believed they were miracles. just because someone interprets something to be supernatural in origin, doesn't lend any credence that it is truly supernatural in nature.
again, are you a deist? your flair says christian; do you believe all the miracles attributed to god in the bible were just natural occurences?
i'm not saying the people in my church believe they witnessed a miracle; they're extremely dubious of any claims of supernatural activity in the modern world. but they all believe that god did regularly perform miracles in the past--sustaining the israelites with manna, for example, or raising the dead--and will continue to perform miracles in the future.
> i.e., if star "xyz123456" in galaxy "abc987654" a billion light years away, never existed it probably won't affect event on this planet.
yeah, he probably wouldn't need to look that far, since i've already shown ways that he can save everyone without needing to.
this whole argument is me trying to figure out what restrictions you're putting on god and show you how he can still save everyone.
so far, the main restriction you've set out is:
1). don't break physical laws too often (but he can set up the laws however he wants, including making them grant prayers by arranging things ahead of time so it happens to work out that way)
are there any others you'd like to add, so i can be sure we're on the same page?
------
to me at least, your previous comment looks like it's saying the main factors preventing english from being simplified are pride and nationalism, which is where i think the downvotes are coming from. i'm also no language expert, but my thinking is that while those may have some contribution, simple laziness and/or lack of incentive are probably much more significant reasons (which is what it seems like you were originally trying to get at). i suspect it's not that english speakers think the language is perfect or that simplifying it would be unpatriotic or something, but more that going through the process of actually changing it wouldn't be worth the effort. i think a lot of english speakers would even agree that some simplification would be nice (myself included). however, the language generally functions fine and isn't broken or deficient in any particularly critical way (that comes to mind for me at least), so a lot of potential changes would probably amount to little more than quality-of-life improvements. while such changes would be nice, they likely don't provide enough of an incentive to justify the time and effort necessary to bring them about for the language as a whole, especially because it's used and taught in its present form in so many places. sure, creating an institution to regulate it is probably technically possible, but i suspect that the reason one doesn't exist yet is not that people are actively opposed to its existence, but that it just hasn't been enough of an incentive to set one up.
i'm a native speaker, so i probably lack some perspective since i don't really know how hard english is to learn as a second language. i mostly called it unwieldy because it seems to me like it has a lot of exceptions speakers have to deal with, though i don't know if there are any more or less than there are for other languages. if [wiki](<url>) is to be believed though, english seems to have more phonemes than average for a language, and the association between phonemes and letters is sometimes a bit muddled. this leads me to think that it's probably on the more difficult side in general, at least when it comes to pronunciation. for native speakers of related languages it's probably not that bad, e.g. for native speakers of romance or germanic languages, but the poor japanese on the other hand seem to have a pretty rough time of it, if the english i hear in anime is to be believed. it is nice that it has a phonetic alphabet though, and the lack of gendered nouns seems like it would make things easier more often than not. unfortunately i don't really know enough about the other top languages to really be able to compare.
------
you're confused about what's being measured. individual symptoms can be evaluated and given a score, which is what raads for example does in the form of a questionnaire. but the actual diagnose for autism is just based on suffering from a certain amount of symptoms, no matter how severe. like i said, there is a severity scale, you're not wrong about that, but that's a very different thing from the spectrum. the spectrum is little more than an arrangement of symptoms and the place in the spectrum says nothing about severity or amount of symptoms. it's not even really defined how the spectrum looks like or which symptoms go where, it's definitely not a scale ranging from normal to rain man and beyond. so in short, yes you can say that someone is a little bit autistic ( few symptoms or low severity ) or very autistic ( many symptoms or very severe ), but that has nothing to do with that person's place on the spectrum. to give an example, i have what we used to call asperger's syndrome, it means i have difficulties with taking things literally, planning, giving my life structure ( and trouble dealing with no structure ) and one on one complex situations, so have great eye for details, but seeing the bigger picture takes a lot of effort, i'm also intelligent enough to compensate for a lot some things so i'm not weird until you get to know me. all these things are autistic symptoms, they belong with each other on the spectrum. many autistic people have this specific set of symptoms, which is why we used to have a name for it. i've lived in group homes and attended special needs education where i met many other autists, some of which had the same set of symptoms i have in varying degrees of severity, those people have on the same spot on the spectrum, but some of them were more autistic then me and others less. it's becoming more and more silly to talk about the spectrum of all anyway, it's much more useful to look at what a person has trouble with, rather than try to fit them into our definition. you either suffer from one or more symptoms of autism or you don't, and if you do there are people who can help with your specific needs. dsm - v made a huge step towards this by getting rid of the old categories and just calling it asd, meaning literally nothing more that " you have some autistic symptoms ". this also brings the diagnosis more in line with other disorders that have an effect on personality and behaviour like bpd and bd. finding out what exactly makes your life harder and how severe that is relative to neurotypical folks is up to you and the psychiatrist treating you and has nothing to do with how severe your autism is.
------
what do y'all think of this letter to straits times forum. don't know why i got downvoted. and dk why they never publish.
backstory: i applied for a summer internship at uber in san francisco with an idea to help them save on driver incentive costs. however, i was not given the opportunity to work there and yet my idea had been adopted and implemented in singapore. on hindsight, i realized how my idea infringed on the foundation of meritocracy (work hard and be rewarded)
here's my opinion:
with ride-hailing apps such as tada, filo, ryde and gojek emerging to compete for a slice of the pie after uber's exit, consumers would once again enjoy discounts and promotions when these ride-hailing apps start to compete with each other to gain ground on market share. however, we must not overlook the role drivers play in capturing market share for these companies in the "taxi" industry, therefore we can conclude that these ride-hailing companies would eventually roll out driver incentives to attract drivers to join their ranks. example: uber used to dish out incentives weekly for a certain number of trips clocked.
imagine this scenario: 49 trips are required to be clocked in a week for a <cur>200 incentive.
let's assume an area say "tampines" with a 10 minutes radius which coincides with uber's narrative of waiting less than 10 minutes for a ride.
there is one consumer waiting for a ride in tampines to take her to clarke quay.
there are only two drivers in tampines.
driver a is closer to the consumer.
there is one hour left on the clock to the end of the week.
driver a needs 1 more ride to make 49 trips to collect his incentive.
driver b needs 20 more rides to make 49 trips to collect his incentive.
who do you think should be assigned the trip?
the ride should be assigned to the driver closest to the consumer.
however, the algorithm can be designed in such a way that the ride goes to the driver with the least number of rides clocked that week, and since it fits into their 10 minutes narrative, driver incentive costs can be saved by spreading out the total number of rides to all existing drivers in the area, systemically allocating them.
this goes against the foundation of meritocracy because driver a has been working hard (putting in hours) yet the ride went to driver b.
with this opinion, i hope that the government would start an initiative to prevent these companies from designing their codes in a way that will infringe on the foundation of meritocracy, or even limit the use of such algorithms before drivers hit their incentives.
------
>the definition of a cult itself raises some issues. in france, there is no legal definition for cults. the inter-ministerial mission for vigilance and combating sectarian aberration (miviludes), which is responsible for the monitoring and analysis of cult phenomena in france, prefers the use of criteria, rather than a single definition, to characterize groups (miviludes, 2015). some common elements emerge from these criteria and the definitions proposed by some authors in the literature (chambers et al., 1994, rodriguez-carballeira et al., 2015). thus, cults can be seen as an organized group or a solitary person whose purpose is to dominate cult members by using psychological manipulation and pressure strategies. theories regarding cult commitment have evolved and developed over the past few decades (abgrall, 1996), from those of influential stakes or psychological manipulation (ungerleider and wellisch, 1979) to those of addictive disorders. the latter theory was introduced by many researchers (abgrall, 1996, booth and bradshaw, 1999, roy, 1998) and has the advantage of viewing the cult member as more than a victim, contrary to the theory of psychological manipulation.
>the first step in cult commitment, the narcissistic seduction, was described by fournier and monroy in 1999 (fournier and monroy, 1999). this process has many elements: the vulnerability of the subject, group effects, the use of emotions, detachment from outside influences, progress in doctrinal teaching, promotions and the assignment of responsibilities. this process takes a long time because a total and instant commitment has a poor chance of persisting if not followed by in-depth and multidimensional work with the goal of self-reinforcement (miviludes, 2006). the feeling of emptiness outside of the sectarian practice creates the cycle but is also its consequence (duretete et al., 2008). thus, the ability to balance one's life becomes impossible and members lose their ability to choose. moreover, active involvement in the cultic group could lead to affective dependence on the cult leader or on the group, which explains why people stay despite threats to their physical and psychological integrity (garand, 2013). the protective factors that enable a member to leave the group always seem surprising and are seldom predictable given the magnitude of the hold and the constraints of the cult.
>taking into account the common characteristics between cult membership and addictive disorders -- persistence despite negative consequences (fournier, 2009), common neurophysiological mechanisms (abgrall, 1996, roy, 1998) and the scientific literature -- we hypothesized that the etiopathogenic model used to explain addictive disorders might also be applicable to cult commitment. therefore, the model of cult membership would be multifactorial, involving vulnerability and protective factors. these factors could be individual, environmental and/or linked to the characteristics of the addiction object, that is, the cultic group. as for addictive disorders, we suppose that vulnerability factors could be involved during the initiation and the maintenance of cult commitment, and that protective factors could help to stop cult involvement.
<url>
------
\> it does so because someone told it to.
when someone trains an ml algorithm, it's because someone told it to... someone had to go through and tune said algorithm using said scripts... your "someone told it to" doesn't quite hold up as nothing would be considered ai/learning in that case. someone entered the parameters to run a recursive algorithm for n iterations (on models that can run forever) to build a model. someone made the decision to run a specific type of model using specific parameters (or ran a sweep to figure out the optimal parameters). someone did this, but the model is still considered ml. someone told it told it to run said algorithm to generate said model. it was ml though.
\> what decision?
i'm confused too, what decision? the only time i even used the word decision was "decision based model". depending on how the model is learned, it can be ml. what we know, they started with 10s of thousands of images classified by humans. they then created a decision table from sensor information for said images. this created correlations between each of the sensor features to the the scene of the image. the question is, did a team of people come up with the correlations, or did they turn to an ml algorithm to learn these? we know the outcome is a decision table which is a decision tree. if a human manually went through and correlated the 10s of thousands feature sets to each classification, then it's not ml. if they didn't, and instead turned to a decision tree that makes its judgments based on gini, information gain, etc. then it is ml. the problem is we don't know, the article linked doesn't go into the specifics of how it was done. it just shows us the final model which was fairly simple (granted there were few features, so it most likely would be simple). someone then hard coded the final decision model for the camera to use so it was quicker to run at runtime.
\> machine based learning would be like a computer that is reading popularity of different images and it starts to classify what makes an image desirable.
you've conjoining two things here (one of which is ml, the other most likely not). you have "classify" (possibly wrong use of the word) what makes an image desirable \[i\] and classify whether an image is desirable (implied) \[ii\]. \[ii\] is ml if the machine learns the patterns to make the classification, \[i\] doesn't necessarily have to be. i can train a model to classify pictures as desirable or not using many algorithms (ensembles of trees, svms, cnns, nns, etc.). if i use a cnn or nn, figuring out why it's desirable is extraordinarily difficult and isn't quite learned and isn't ml. it's an analysis of said model by some human. how is it done? i don't know, it's an open research problem. if i use ensembles or svms, i could pull out important features, and rank them. many ensembles have built in metrics to compute these, svms are linear models (bigger weight = more important). it can be argued that the important features of the model aren't ml, while the model itself is ml.
note that for the example of the classification of scene, i could do \[i\] in a crude statistical way manually. it wouldn't be ml. i could also do \[ii\] in a crude way and it wouldn't be ml. but i could also do \[ii\] in a standard ml fashion (using a decision tree, nn, svm, etc.) and it would be considered ml. whether or not it's ml is entirely in the way the model is found. it's not whether the model is coded (learned ml models can easily be coded for efficiency), it's not whether or not it's automated... it's how it is learned/found. if a computer/machine learned it, it's ml. if not, then not. we don't know whether this particular example is ml (to determine that, we would need methodology to get the model, not just the results of said model).
------
always takes me back to jorah's comment in the last episode : " all it takes is one angry man with crossbow " * camera pans over to tyrion * this and the whole discussion with cersei makes me really suspicious. tyrion likes to play the game, this whole'long life'thing is entirely out of his political skill set. he's made'mistake'after wrong ( could those mistakes have been intentional? ) and now his role as advisor has been usurped by jon. literally all tyrion has built after leaving arthur's landing has gone. however, the whole reason he had to leave has now been overturned, so to say. cersei now knows it wasn't tyrion who killed her son, so it's all come a bit full circle. people don't love a lot of things, so he does love his brother and cersei's kids - he even outright said this. despite his hate for his sister and father, he has always had confidence in being a lannister and puts his hatred aside to in a way help both his hated family members. we see this in the ambush on the lannisters, tyrion look on with a sense of sadness as he sees his men cut down so easily. as ever bad as father was, tommen and myrcella were good kids and could have been groomed to be great rulers - if they had the right council. tyrion and varys want just that - a good person, who they can essentially rule through. daenerys, while good at heart, is anything but controllable. tyrion could potentially fulfil his ambitions through cersei and her child, without jon and others complicating matters. meanwhile varys supporting dany goes directly in the opposite direction to the books. could it be a creative decision with the omitted aegon plot? definitely. however, the show has varys question dany to tyrion at several stages. yet there's something more going on. what did varys hear in the flames? presumably, like many other visions in the flames, he saw a future event. i think he saw their death or a catastrophic event. why else would he look so shocked? it couldn't have been the others, he doesn't believe in them. it also has to do with a person speaking - kinvara alludes to this. a scene that stuck out to me last season was daenerys'and varys'conversation. varys is actually honest with his ambitions for once, but it's the end where dany says if varys ever betrays her again, she'll have him burned alive. it's a large stretch, but could it be'dracarys '? this could all be just a ploy by the writers to throw viewers off - kind of like home season 6's end hunted at a political war between jon and sansa. however, tyrion is so lost in his arc at the moment. i can't see his end being poetic or heroic. it just doesn't fit. the third holy shit moment being george's most beloved character finally succumbing to his inner demons would be definitely fitting. there are no happy endings, even for dwarves.
------
i consider sidechains to be any blockchain that has some mechanism to peg its currency to some coin that is native to another blockchain, called the mainchain, often requiring some support in the mainchain that hosts every coin natively. the sidechain defines some rules to transferring that coin within its own chain, and some rules for how a mainchain coin can be somehow locked ( which triggers the creation of a pegged version on it on the sidechain ; this is the main - to - side peg ) and, if you can prove ownership of the equivalent amount within the sidechain, to unlock the mainchain coin ( the side - to - main peg ). as originally conceived in the original sidechains paper, a " complete " sidechain has its blockchain secured via proof - of - work. coins are locked on the mainchain ( main - to - side peg ) by putting them in a special contract ( script ) which requires an spv proof of the sidechain, and unlocking the coin ( side - to - main peg ) requires fulfilling that contract. elements alpha i believe uses this style. rootstock uses proof - for - work ( i think? ) to secure its blockchain. main - to - side peg gets done by paying to an m - of - n multisig, where the n signatories are members of the supposedly - distributed rootstock federationm which then releases the equivalent amount within the sidechain. the side - to - main peg is done by paying sidecoin to a similar i - to - n multisig on the sidechain, then triggering the rootstock federation to release the equivalent amount from its controlled utxos on the mainchain. liquid is similar to the above except its blockchain is secured by a fixed m - to - n signatory set in the liquid federation. drivechains secures the sidechain without merge - mining it with the mainchain ( although in theory it would be possible to use a different security model for the side blockchain ). main - to - side pegs pay to a special contract on the mainchain that can only be spent by miner voting. side - to - main pegs require somehow requesting a majority of miners to vote for unlocking of some amount on the mainchain that was locked to that sidechain, on some assumption that miners are actually also validating the sidechain in addition to the mainchain ( how that is a scaling solution is a big question : it has the same rough effects as a miner - controlled blocksize increase ). - - - - - before the original sidechains paper, people had already discussed the possibility of some kind of proof - of - burn on bitcoin, and then using the proof - of - burn on the bitcoin blockchain on a different blockchain that would magically create a " pegged bitcoin " on its own blockchain. the main context was scaling across the solar system, i believe ( burn some earth - based bitcoin to set up the mars bitcoin blockchain, something like that ). this had no mechanism to return the coins to the original bitcoin blockchain, so if the value of the sidecoin drifted below the maincoin, nothing would force them back to parity. in designing how to construct a secure proof - of - burn, however, pieter wuille (? ) realized that the verification of the proof - of - burn could also be implemented on the original bitcoin blockchain too, not just on the other blockchain, so that it * should * be possible to burn the other blockchain's coin and present this proof - of - burn on the bitcoin blockchain, leading to a two - way peg.
------
" as a result, they delivered an idealized script for me, and this time the story has that structure that i had no way of accomplishing from my own skills! it was already in a good shape even during the first round of proofreading. thanks to the talents of screenwriter kobayashi keiko - san, she constructed a clear and succinct backbone through my messed up manga. then, with his specialized expression of roughness and astringency, seko hiroshi - san turned some poorly - written plots in the original manga into more compelling forms. in addition, thanks to director araki who brought together guidelines for the overall production, seiyuus who give life to the characters, as well as all members who participated in the production. this time, i can ascend to heaven right after i die! " " his words homie. > and why the fuck are you pretending to know me? lol dont come with strawman arguments agaisnt me unless you want me to do the same and call you an anime fanboy, which i never did, so i dont see the need to do the same, butthurt much for seeing a different opnion? im not pretending i know you. im telling what you are doing. >'' and dont lie to yourself'' i can say the same for you. any mangaka who complains about their adaptation is seen bad in japan and almost no studio would try to adapt something they made if the previous try didnt work, especially if said author called out their bullshit. that's why you dont see miura from berserk openly criticzing that abomination that is berserk anime. same can be said for the west, you dont see george calling out p & d for that travesty they call'' game of thrones''. ignoring half the fucking thing the studio wrote just so you can hate an anime movie seems like lying to yourself. > so isayama going out of his way to praise each adaptation, something he did since season 1 is nothing new, it can very well hurt marketing. isayama often went out of his way to ask for changes. something he did not do in seasons 1 and 2. > also marley arc is literally the same, isayama is criticizing his own work in uprising yet is doing the same currently in the manga, bringing uprising arc minor characters back, delving into politics not only in marley but also in paradis, and the pacing is again slow, as it was in the uprising, beggining of rts and chapters 93 ~ ~ 98. so what the hell are you saying? that he was only pretending to be disappointed? > so yeah, stop lying to yourself that isayama really meant what he said in the first place, and after that stop with the strawmans. so i listen and believe as to what he said but somehow i am the one thats making shit up? again you are welcome to create this whole conspiracy theory that isayama for whatever reason told us that he didnt like this arc, when he meant the opposite. just be honest to yourself, you are lying to yourself to hate on an anime studio.
------
oh fun! now replace the whole article:
>president donald trump exploded at his former lawyer, john dowd, after reading news reports that said the special counsel robert mueller had subpoenaed records from deutsche bank, journalist bob woodward reported in his upcoming book, "fear: trump in the white house," which business insider obtained and reviewed.
>after learning of the news regarding mueller and deutsche bank, a primary lender to the president, woodward wrote that a furious trump phoned dowd at 7 a.m.
>"i know my relationships with deutsche bank," trump told dowd, with woodward writing that the president said the bank loved him and was always paid for its loans. "i know what i borrowed, when i borrowed, when i paid it back. i know every godd--- one."
>trump added that "this is bulls---!"
>dowd then spoke with jim quarles, a member of mueller's team who was also an assistant special prosecutor on the watergate probe. dowd repeated trump's assertion that "this is bulls---."
>during a conference call, quarles said that mueller's team had subpoenas issued to deutsche bank "way back in the summertime, but it doesn't involve the president or his finances."
>the new york times reported earlier this year that those reports led to trump seeking to fire mueller in december. but trump backed down once the initial news reports, which said the subpoenas were aimed at trump's and his family's dealings with the bank, were inaccurate. instead, the times reported that federal prosecutors in a separate inquiry issued a subpoena for entities that were connected to white house senior adviser and trump's son-in-law jared kushner.
>times columnist david leonhardt wrote this weekend about the possible nexus between trump's business and russian money laundering involving deutsche bank, which has been tied to such illicit money.
>the relationship between trump and the german bank dates back two decades, a time when major wall street firms would no longer loan trump money following a series of disastrous ventures such as the trump shuttle and trump's atlantic city casinos.
>prior to trump's election as president, his financial disclosures showed he held roughly <cur>360 million in debt to the bank, with about <cur>125 million in two mortgages for one of the president's major florida golf courses, trump national doral, the washington post reported.
>deutsche bank was under investigation by the justice department for both its role in a "mirror trading" scheme with russian oligarchs that allowed them to launder cash out of russia in the face of us sanctions, and for its mortgage practices amid the financial crisis, which regulators sought a <cur>14 billion fine for. deutsche bank ended up settling with the government on the mortgage front for <cur>7.2 billion just days before trump took office last january.
>last july, the times reported that us banking regulators were reviewing the hundreds of millions of dollars in loans deutsche bank made to trump over the past two decades. it was in the same story that the times reported that the bank was in contact with federal investigators related to the special counsel's probe. sources said the bank was expecting it would have to turn over information on trump's accounts to mueller.
------
> isn't the fact that cases are being reported from more recently evidence that at times something has changed? no, because it's not the police doing the reporting. if you look at the case i referenced above, it was reported by a parent of one of the victims rather than by anyone in the diocese, despite the fact that at least two priests in the parish were aware of the abuse. here's some comments by the judge ( lynch and shannon are both priests ) : > " the record is clear and lynch says shannon had knowledge that for years serrano often had several boys, including plaintiff, sleep over at his apartment, " justice loren baily - schiffman of kings county supreme court wrote in her 2017 order dismissing the church's motion for summary judgment of the case. " in fact, both lynch and shannon testified that they visited serrano on numerous occasions when young boys were present. " and then more background from the article : > in a deposition, father lynch testified that he saw mr. serrano kiss an 8 - or 9 - year - old boy on the mouth and inappropriately embrace the boy. > a church secretary, beatrice ponnelle, who shared an office with mr. serrano, also testified about questionable behavior. she said that although the church had a rule that children is not allowed to be left alone in the office with a staff member, boys as young as 7 or 8 would come into the office to do their homework while sitting on mr. serrano'c lap. when she left for the day, he would be the only adult in the office with the boys, justice baily - schiffman wrote. so... nobody associated with the church reported the incidents, the abuse went from 2003 - 2009 before one of the victims told a parent, and it was the parent who reported them to authorities. i wonder what else was going on during that time? well... the boston globe broke the news about john geoghan ( story told in the movie spotlight ) in 2002. according to / u / serjohlaaludrambero, the " dallas charter reforms " were implemented in 2002, under which those priests and diocesan employees should have been reporting the abuse. in fact, the last big wave of catholic and child abusive cases all came out in late early 00s, and the case in brooklyn happened after that. so has anything changed? nothing but lip service. when the pa ag's office released their grand jury report a few weeks back, they also set up a hotline for people to report additional cases. according to the ag's office they've received hundreds of calls about additional cases, so many that they had to borrow staff from other departments to help man the hotlines. you can bet there's going to be a lot more cases coming forward, hopefully with actual prosecutions. and since then several other states have initiated investigations and opened hotlines, which have been similarly swamped. but if you look at missouri, only one archdiocese ( st. louis ) has initially agreed to participate by providing records to the investigations. the diocese of kansas city - st. joseph basically said we'll have our attorney's review any requests, while the diocese of springfield - cape girardeau has said they're going to do their own investigation. since in missouri the ag doesn't have the power to subpoena the records, it sounds like most of the state will be off limits to him. kinda makes you wonder what they're hiding...
------
given that your questions is more specific, i'll be more detailed with the answer here.
the choice of propofol vs. ketamine has a few very specific examples, i'll try to be brief.
- we have to start with how they work. i explained above how propofol works but ketamine works very differently, it's an nmda receptor antagonist. the opposite of gaba is nmda receptors that cause excitation in the central nervous system. rather than increase gaba stimulation ketamine works to stop (or antagonize) nmda. like most drugs, the full mechanism of action isn't 100% known, but we know this for sure.
- clinically ketamine has a few distinctions that make it preferable, in certain situations, to propofol. propofol causes a dose dependent decrease in blood pressure, at high doses cause apnea, and has no analgesic (pain killing) properties. ketamine causes tachycardia, increased bp, salivation, and is highly analgesic. both cause amnesia at relatively low doses. ketamine causes something called [dissociative anesthesia](<url>) which other have alluded to. this is solved with iv benzodiazepines (midazolam, ativan, valium).
- one of the huge differences in ketamine is that most people remain breathing with relatively high doses. this is important in a very specific situation, cardiac tamponade.
- so when deciding which hypnotic to use we look at risk/benefit analysis. trauma patients can benefit from ketamine as you have a patient who is likely bleeding and thus has a lower blood pressure to begin with, so avoiding the low bp becomes paramount. someone with coronary heart disease may be a bad choice for ketamine as the elevated hr increases oxygen demand of the heart muscle and can lead to a heart attack (myocardial infarction), arrhythmia's are a concern but rarely for someone who is younger with an otherwise healthy heart, i could go on and this is obviously not comprehensive, but you get the idea. my guess is you were a trauma when you had surgery, and this is why ketamine was considered?
- to your second part of the questions, what happens if something life threatening happens? we manage it, simply put. training for anesthesia involves complex pharmacology and physiology training and i personally look at anesthesia as having a box of tools and i use those tools to keep the patient safe, unaware, and deal with whatever issues arise. in most places there is a team environment (anesthesiologists and nurse anesthetists) and we are all very quick to call for help and get a second set of eyes in emergencies.
- patients aren't always woke at the end of a procedure, that call is made at the end of the case depending on a large number of factors.
------
> first of all, we're omitting that these let's go titles are oriented from the very beginning to existing go players.
yes, the target audience here is indeed people who either don't play pokemon, or haven't played pokemon in years, but play pokemon go. but said target audience also doesn't know what the manaphy event is. the op's post is made for people who do know what the manaphy event is and would complain about meltan.
that, and one of the selling points of let's go is gaining access to this new pokemon. it was one of the first things they advertised about it. but they put that selling point behind pokemon go. manaphy, meanwhile, was not a selling point for diamond/pearl.
> actually, even nintendo switch online voice chat service requires you to use a smartphone app... i think my assumption that switch owners would also own a smartphone is aligned with nintendo's marketing strategy.
and this (along with most of nintendo's online service) has been panned to hell and back. i have seen many complaints that the switch itself should offer voice chat instead of relegating it to a smartphone app. while nintendo might be marketing it like that, it's clearly a market failure if you see the like/dislike bar on their video about it.
> and probably true for most of their playerbase
i don't doubt that a lot of people have smartphones. and even though you can't really say that statistic mark, i also imagine a fair number of those people are switch owners. however, here's the thing. you can point out that a good number of the population has access to a smartphone, and that isn't a wrong. that's ignoring the question of how many of those smartphones have a data plan that allows one to play pokemon go, but we'll ignore that for now. however, i can also say with certainty that 100% of people who played gen 4 have access to pokemon ranger. there's absolutely nothing stopping a player who owns diamond or pearl to pick up ranger.
that's the ultimate problem. you cannot say with 100% certainty that an owner of let's go would have access to pokemon go, based on the data you yourself presented. yes, most people will likely have access to meltan when playing pokemon let's go. most people will likely have the ability to play pokemon go along with pokemon let's go. however, that's most. not all. and, to go back to the op once again, they can't really say it's "easier" to get meltan in let's go in a situation where the user either doesn't have a smartphone, or doesn't have a data plan that allows them to play go. because meltan has a different accessibility than manaphy. manaphy is locked behind owning a different game for the same system, meltan is locked behind owning a different game for a different system entirely.
------
it's been years since i saw the movie so i can't remember exact details, but when i saw it i laughed at how awful it was.
> so max dillon being humiliated in front of millions by the only person he thought gave a shit about him after the most traumatic day of his life is now "no motivation?"
yeah. i don't remember exactly how it happened but dude wasn't even humiliated, spider-man forgot his name or some shit and he freaked out over it.
> despite being one of spider-man's go-to comic book villains, electro ends up getting a strangely meek treatment here, and even an actor of jamie foxx's caliber can't do much against the tide of effects-driven performance and bad writing. the major issue with the character is that his motivation to become a villain is so hilariously awful: as max dillon, he looks up to spidey and appears to deeply value an encounter in which the web-slinger saved him. thus, when he turns into electro after an improbable accident involving electric eels, he snaps at spidey just for forgetting his name. after that, he claims that he's going to cut the power to new york to make the city's citizens feel just as he did when he worked at oscorp: powerless. it might just be tough-guy rherotic, but it's unconvincing at best and goofy at worst, making even the frustratingly ever-sympathetic villains of raimi's spider-man movies favourable to this nonsense. his final showdown with spidey is easily the character's highlight, though when he eventually loses to spidey and disappears into the ether, we feel absolutely nothing.
-------------
> electro is motivated by the fact that nobody notices him. but people notice him all the time. he just keeps saying, "nobody notices me." he gets mad at spider-man because he doesn't remember him. why would he? who would make the connection between a black guy with a bad comb-over and a maniacal blue creature made of electricity in a hoodie? then, when it's obvious people notice him he switches to stealing all the electricity for no reason. harry orborn's motivation makes a little sense, but it makes no sense when he becomes the green goblin. at least sandman, the new goblin and venom had clear goals.
------------------------
> after 142 minutes the villains accomplish nothing. in spider-man 3 the villain that had the least to do was sandman and he had some really good bank robbery scenes. even venom had a little worth doing. electro has a ridiculous plan to make himself important and it's stupid.
-----------------
> the problem with electro isn't that he looks like arnold schwarzenegger's mr. freeze, but that he was conceived like jim carrey's riddler: a "brilliant," socially awkward doormat who perceives every compliment or slight as if it's a life-changing event. dane dehaan throws himself into playing harry osborn with abandon, regurgitating exposition with sincerity and transforming harry's parental neglect into an almost believable sense of rage. but if james franco's portrayal in the first spider-man movies lacked enough internal torment, dehaan exudes too much, never once seeming like the young man he's supposed to be -- even one coming to terms with the responsibility of a billion-dollar company and a potentially terminal disease.
--------------------
> electro has no thematic purpose whatsoever in this movie. he exists simply to fill time and have a flashy villain for spider-man to fight. as an actual character, he's even worse. like the lizard in the first film, he is given no legitimate reason to become a villain, other than i guess he heard voices in his head for some reason that turns him against everyone. his justification for hating spider-man is paper-thin at best, and he unbelievably switches from shy, timid nerd to evil, booming murderer in the blink of an eye. that's without even going into how stupid the character looks to begin with.
------------------
> i have no idea what character dane dehaan was trying to play, but it sure as hell didn't feel anything close to what is supposed to be harry osborn. his performance is by far the worst in the movie, so ridiculously over-the-top and cartoonish that there isn't a chance that you can possibly take him seriously as a real human being. even worse, this movie is forced to cover the entire character arc of harry osborn in a single film, which leaves the whole thing feeling rushed and hollow. had harry been introduced in the first film, this might have felt a bit more excusable, but they never earned the right to tell his entire story now. harry is thrown into the film and you're simply led to believe that he and peter are super best friends forever (despite having not connected in years), and thus the entire relationship between the two characters is never truthfully established and causes later revelations in the movie to completely lack emotional weight (more on that next). you're left with the green goblin having a glorified five minute cameo that is a complete waste of spider-man's best villain, and who only exists in this movie to kill gwen stacy, be defeated in a ridiculously lame manner, and then set up the next film.
------
yes.
>the issue with austrian economists, and libertarianism in general, has always been their sense of 'outcome ambivalence'. they don't believe in "public goods." they don't believe in nations (even their own). what they do believe in is a set of rules. whatever happens to us because of those rules is irrelevant to them and is seen as part of 'le grand experiment'.
>the austrians get around the problems of market failures, natural monopolies, morality, and rationality through the use of pseudo-clever wordplay. they rely on an extreme form of methodological individualism based on the "action axiom" as described above. to wit: because only individuals exist, only individuals can act. societies cannot act because, to quote margaret thatcher, "there is no such thing as society." therefore, all action can be described at the individual level. if an action is good or moral for one individual, then it must be good or moral in the aggregate because good + good = good. in reality, only basic game theory is needed in order to refute this.[23] austrians claim, for example, that savings represent money that will be invested in the future, and so money can never be "hoarded." they entirely reject the paradox of thrift.[24] a society is simply a group of individuals. what "society acts" really means is that the individuals composing that group act. individuals can act to cooperate with other individuals. if the austrian argument were true, it would be impossible for an individual to perform transactions with other individuals; it would be impossible for an individual to cooperate with other individuals to form a business. it would even be impossible for an individual to spread the ideas of austrian economics to other individuals! you can't tell anybody else about austrian economics, because in doing so you have created a "society". clearly, society exists. austrians think they can get out of this by changing definitions when it suits them.
>some austrians also use this idea as the basis for an ethical philosophy. this is where they start mixing methodological individualism with methodological subjectivism. as above, if all individual actions are moral, then their aggregate must be moral. in other words, it's a logical derivation of ethical egoism.[25]
>this can be used to justify a number of absurdities. interestingly, the austrians do not grant the assumption of homo economicus (i.e., that all investors and consumers are endowed with perfect or near-perfect information and rational decision-making skills). however, they redefine "rationality" in subjective terms to mean acting in a way that will fulfill whatever the individual desires. thus, any action, whether common sense would define it as "rational" or "irrational," is actually "rational" as long as it has utility in meeting a person's needs. this bit of handwaving is often used to deny the importance of self-destructive behavior. that's why economists have no problem talking about "organ donor markets" and never actually question the ethics or implications, since that's for irrational socialist monsters. that's how we end up with the silk road drug bazaar,[26] or the "crypto-assassination markets" nobody's supposed to ever talk about.[27]
>this also allows them to skirt around the creation of monopolies. the austrians believe that monopolies can only be sustained through government intervention as monopolistic profits and practices will always lead people to create a viable enterprise that will undercut the prices of the company with the monopoly. if this does not happen, it's not because of barriers to entry or insider deals, it's because people must be happy enough with the monopoly at that time to continue paying its prices! monopolistic practices are not immoral, either, because business practices aren't "enforced at gunpoint" (i.e., the gubmint isn't forcing people to buy their stuff). why, if there's only one telephone provider in the world, no one's forcing you to use the phone. you are "voluntarily" exchanging your money for their goods. don't like it? simple, string up duplicate wires across the entire globe and start your own phone company! or move to another world that is big enough to support more than one phone company.
<url>
------
you're assuming she's a victim of kavanaugh. you're assuming the truth of her statements without corroboration. you're assuming that alcohol, nearly 40 years and trauma have heavily clouded her memory and made her confuse him for someone else. you're also assuming he's lying without any evidence of such behaviors outside of these accusations. that's called " an unfounded accusation ". so they demand proof. that's how this society works. to take her at her word, without more, is assuming his guilt based on his gender. give us one solid piece of decent evidence. it doesn't even have to be a witness, but something. without it, you're assuming his guilt solely because he's a man. you're assuming he's lying solely he's a man. you're doubting his veracity solely because he's denying the accusations in a sexual assault case. in other words, she's accusing him of a crime against a woman by a man. because of her status as a woman, she must be telling her truth. if it didn't happen, she wouldn't have accused him. he's denying the accusations. because of his status as a man, he is telling a lie. you're asking us to vilify a guy solely because he's her male being accused of a crime against a female. by using the traumatized victim card, she is hoping the media and sympathizers like you will overlook the lack of corroboration and not bother asking for evidence because it seems unkind. to ask this evidence makes the defense look like victim blamers. that's not what's happening and i don't think anyone at these hearings has blamed her but we do require something more than someone's word... something might have happened before we ever end a people's life. this principle underpins everything our society has been built on and to overlook this basic tenet of civilization solely because of a person's gender has implications beyond this matter. a person's gender should not be the basis upon which we assign guilt. we've done that in ages past and look how well that turned out for us. thes accusations are not an isolated matter where the consequences of believing that he did this are limited only to him and her. these accusations are so foundational that to simply confirm their truth without proper inquiry is untenable. you wouldn't take anyone else's word at face value without more so why do it here? believing that dr ford is generally a truthful person is one thing but believing her in such a serious matter without proof or corroboration, when to do so has such implications, is unjust. swap the roles here and pretend for a moment she's being nominated and he claims she seriously assaulted and beat him 40 years ago at a party when he was 15 and she 17. he remembers being hurt by someone, bloody, stunned and upset but didn't want to tell anyone because he was embarrassed and ashamed that he'd been beaten up by a girl. so he hid it. he walked him from the party alone and in shame. but it traumatized him, he never told anyone in the intervening years but he's coming out now because he doesn't think someone that could do that should be allowed on the sc. our first response would be to ask for evidence, witnesses, pictures of the bruises, the bloody nose, the cuts, ask why he didn't tell anyone at the time, and ask why he took 40 years to come forward. but to do so in the incident case is victim blaming? that's sexist and if the roles were reversed you'd not think twice about dismissing his accusations because he didn't have proof.
------
i was at this place called acs where i met this man named chris. i was there for treatment and this guy lived on the top floor in an appartment. i was there for drug use and scitzophrenia. i was paranoid cops where after me and that people could hear my thoughts. so everybody thought this man named chris was a cop so we played a basketball game of pig. earlier in my life i saw a vision of blessed mother mary on top of our milking barn. while i was playing with him i kept saying in my head.. let me go i saw mary. i took three outside 3 pointers and every time time i shot i thought the thought. if i make this shot i saw a vision of mary. after i missed all three shots he turned to me and asked.. do you know mother teresa? at this point i was like okay.. something was weird. we proceeded to play the game and later he wanted me to listen to these three cds. this is what the tree were named. the book of enoch, something like'christmas music ', and misty edwards. while we were playing basketball he had on a black vest. he went into his room and came back out a purple zipper pull tab. while i slept i listened on the enoch, christmas music instrumentals, and the first song of the misty edwards series. i then gave the cd and cd player back to him. i then went into his room and he wanted me to read this single page from revelation. i then read one line from the middle of the paper which read god who holds the world and handed it back to him. i then left the room i went on with my day. i later went outside to smoke a cigarette and i sat next to him and without me paying any attention he elbowed my elbow. and then later went through an aa meeting with this girl named summer whiting. i also thought she was a cop so i would talk to her and be respectful to her. i noticed she was carrying a purple gateraide. she sat by me and at the end of the meeting we were about to hold hands and say the lord's prayer and summer put her head down and said i'm sorry. she then held my hand until the prayer was over and while we were saying the prayer i felt something deep within. like something was eating at my insides. i then later saw chris and summer sitting outside together where it looked like chris was avoiding her and she was smiling and talked to him. my time was up at asc and i got moved to the arbor halfway house. she followed me to arbor and wrote me a letter thanking me for being there for her and what not. i she asked me if i would sit with her while she smoked a cigarette. i said yes as i quit smoking and chewing a couple weeks earlier. all this happened in oct, nov, and dec of 2017. she was then listening to a song by griz where she was singing along and said i'm the reaper. after i heard this i completely avoided her and wouldn't talk to her until one night she got a dui and was crying and asked if i would talk to her. before this she played that one youtube video of will ferrel video of the song don't fear the reaper while will ferrell says i need more cowbell. while at acs we used to eat these sour mike and ikes. then at arbor she gave me another box. about 6 months before this i was walking to my parents house on the highway and i was walking in the line in the middle kinda hoping to get hit. by the grace of of god i almost got hit a semi and the semi almost hit the ditch. jesus had more planned for me. i was then mopping the floor and i saw summer walk the vinyl line. i later was in the kitchen and i set my cup down on the table and i noticed that the way my cup looked by all the other ones i looked like a stella consolation. later on in the day i went to the kitchen and i saw summer by the island with cups and a blue power aide as the stella star. and as soon as i saw it she walked away. i was then sitting in the living watching tv when summer came out of her room and i thought i heard something almost like i heard her thought. she asked me if she could use my calling card because the phone wouldn't go long distance. i went and grabbed my card and went i handed it to her she touched me and i never heard it again. she then tried going around halfway house giving stuff to people to try and touch them is what i think. flashback to before she got this dui. i was sitting in the living room on the chair watching tv again and she asked people if they wanted to go to the strawberry a bar in town. she asked two people and either i never heard them say anything or they never said anything and just follows her. she then sat on the arm rest of the chair and put her arm around me and said let's go to the strawberry. i said no and would barely talk to her. she said i want to kiss you. if i remember right still didn't say anything. maybe said no about a couple times. she then gave up and the three left. the guy that was sitting in the chair next to me when over to the calendar hanging on the wall and started lightly banging his head on it in front of me. now this is where it gets crazy. about a week or two before this i was laying in bed. and i thought do you want to lick me amd then i vfelt someting like touch my neck and i heard in her voice like a licking noise and a haha. i then had the thought.. what if i kill you? i then heard a voice in that sounded like hers say.. pewwwww boom. i then went to bed. it was either that night or a a few nights later i was sound asleep and i woke up to what felt like someone or something was holding my head to the side to where i couldn't move and i felt something bite my neck. i then became angry and several moments later i kept thinking i'm gonna kill you. i then did not sleep with my lamp or room light off until my roomate came / she left. while i was writing this in the tractor tonight i had one airpod in and as soon as i wrote the name chris i heard like a whip noise and then the first time i wrote summer whiting i also heard a whipping noise. now this is as truthfully as i can remember and put it. remember to put jesus in your heart. you guys can think what you want. what are your thoughts?
------
"as a result, they delivered an idealized script for me, and this time the story has a structure that i had no way of accomplishing with my own skills!
it was already in a good shape even during the first round of proofreading. thanks to the talents of screenwriter kobayashi keiko-san, she constructed a clear and succinct backbone for my messed up manga. then, with his specialized expression of roughness and astringency, seko hiroshi-san turned some poorly-written plots in the original manga into more compelling forms.
in addition, thanks to director araki who brought together guidelines for the overall production, seiyuus who give life to the characters, as well as all members who participated in the production. this time, i can ascend to heaven right after i die!""
his words homie.
>and why the fuck are you pretending to know me?lol dont come with strawman arguments agaisnt me unless you want me to do the same and call you an anime fanboy,which i never did,so i dont see the need to do the same,butthurt much for seeing a different opnion?
im not pretending i know you. im telling what you are doing.
>''just dont lie to yourself'' i can say the same for you.any mangaka who complains about their adaptation is seen bad in japan and almost no studio would try to adapt something they made if the previous try didnt work,especially if said author called out their bullshit.that's why you dont see miura from berserk openly criticzing that abomination that is berserk anime.same can be said for the west,you dont see george calling out d&d for that travesty they call ''game of thrones''.
ignoring half the fucking thing the man wrote just so you can hate an anime studio seems like lying to yourself.
>so isayama going out of his way to praise the adaptation,something he did since season 1 is nothing new,it can very well be marketing.
isayama also went out of his way to ask for changes. something he did not do in seasons 1 and 2.
>also marley arc is literally the same,isayama is criticizing his own work in uprising yet is doing the same currently in the manga,bringing uprising arc minor characters back,delving into politics not only in marley but also in paradis,and the pacing is again slow,as it was in the uprising,beggining of rts and chapters 93~~98.
so what the hell are you saying? that he was only pretending to be disappointed?
>so yeah,stop lying to yourself that isayama really meant what he said in the first place,and after that stop with the strawmans.
so i listen and believe as to what he said but somehow i am the one thats making shit up? again you are welcome to create this whole conspiracy theory that isayama for whatever reason told us that he didnt like this arc, when he meant the opposite. just be honest to yourself, you are lying to yourself to hate on an anime studio.
------
reading what you wrote just really got to me. i have a lot of stories which get me pissed off at how much toxic feminism prospers in society and especially in the college scene. i only graduated college a year ago so i can remember these events extremely well. when i was in my third year my best friend was accused of rape because he rejected a girl who tried to force him to sleep with her and cheat on his girlfriend. despite having no evidence, because there was none the police were investigating him for over a year simply because this girl said something happened that didn't. he lost so much weight and developed really terrible anxiety because of it. it was like no matter how much he said it didn't happen the police refused to accept it. they even got to the point where they were throwing out other claims based on her bullshit statement like he abused her even if he didn't rape her and etc. he legit almost took a plea deal to try to make it all stop. this bitch meanwhile was playing victim and getting support from everyone, which in the end they concluded was the primary reason she kept it going so long, because she wanted attention.
my second big example actually happened during the year after i graduated undergrad and now it happened at the gaming club which i founded, by my immediate successor and his crazy girlfriend who pretended to be the president over him. a different friend i have who is a super sweet guy and very inclusive saw that one of the female members was off in a corner on her own so he decided to be friendly and try to find an interest she likes. they talked about anime and music yada yada so when club ended he decided to friend her on fb so they could talk about the anime some more and she would feel she made a friend. she misinterprets it hard. her immediate response is to report him to the club president who was probably going to just let it go until his girlfriend says my friend needs to be made an example of. she takes lead yelling at him and tells him things along the line of people like him are the type who kill girls who reject them and it was obvious he wasn't just being nice but hitting on her and if he didn't leave club they would call campus pd on him. i'm standing there mouth wide open while the new president doesn't do anything but nod in agreement with her. this guy btw knows him as well for three years and was even invited to gaming club through my friend and he does nothing to defend my friends image to her, it really pissed me off to see that. i later found out it was because if he didn't let her have her victory she wouldn't sleep with him for awhile. i stopped talking to him in altogether after that. after that we lost over half the members and the ones that stayed dealt with her tranny over what was and wasn't allowed to be said or done in club. i felt obligated to continue club because i started it but in the end i also had to quit because it never sat right with me what they did to my friend and what they were doing to my organization. my club is now in the hands of a weak willed president and his extreme feminist gf who hates when guys are nice to girls.
------
ok fine, i'm going to let you all in on a big secret as to how to deal with these birds.
first of all it's a fucking bird, you are bigger than this bird, don't be afraid of them, it's not a poisonous snake or a shark, it's a little bird, made out of feathers and cartilage.
next thing to know, these birds attack in spring time and that's not when they are protecting their young, it's when they are on heat and trying to impress their bitches. (i might be wrong about that but who cares, it makes no difference to the next point).
alright, here is what you do. when you see one of these birds eyeing you off getting ready to have a go at you, or if you got one already attacking you **stop** ,stop what your'e doing, get off your bike, stop running, turn around and look that fucker directly in the eye and say with all your confidence - fuck off, fuck off or i will fucking destroy you and all your bird family and friends, this is your first and last warning, don't fuck with me -
rule your ground, keep your head high and chest out and keep looking it in the eye, point your finger at it while your saying this stuff, let it know you mean business, let it know that you are the dominant species. take a few steps towards it with a fucking mean look on your face, just let the fucker know who's boss. walk or ride away a bit and then stop and go back to it again saying stuff like 'i'm not joking, don;t fuck with me bird' etc etc.
ok, you get the point, don't use violence and throw stuff at it, just let it feel your ferocious human energy. i started doing this about 20 years ago, did it for about a year or two and never had a bird swoop on me since. in 1998 i burnt into the next generation of birds exactly where i stand and where they stand in this world, i am the mega alpha magpie and i dominate the flock, cause that's what it is right, it's a spring time dominance game that you will never win if you keep running or riding away from them. you want them to stop attacking you then you need to stop and assert dominance over them, once you have they will tell their children and their children will tell their children and so on until the end of time. sure maybe every blue moon you might get one eyeing you off thinking about having a swoop at you, but you'll just have to give them one mean look to remind them who the fuck you are and they quickly reconsider. use some of that 'say my name' shit on them.
that's it, try it out and i guarantee if you do it right you'll spend the rest of your life bird free. but don't ever try it on lions or crocodiles or any of those other massive animals that can rip your head off, cause that would just be stupid.
------
> that's the gist of it, but remember that inlining is probably the number one most important optimization available because it opens up so many other opportunities for the compiler.
fwiw, i did some experiments a while back to measure the impact of different optimization levels on one of my code bases. my memory is that '-o0' to '-o1' had the largest effect (compared to o1 to o2, or o2 to o3, and the different was fairly large), and about half of that effect went away if i also passed '-fno-inline' alongside '-o1'.
(this was several years back now, to give some perspective.)
on a different topic, there are some optimizations that compilers can theoretically perform if they know what a function does (or more to the point, what it *doesn't*) even if it's not explicitly inlined. as an example, consider the following (dumb) code:
int plus_one(int x);
int twice_plus_two(int x)
{
return plus_one(x) + plus_one(x);
}
the generated code for 'twice_plus_two' [makes two calls](<url>) to 'plus_one', as you may expect.
with gcc and clang, it's possible to annotate the declaration of 'plus_one' as such:
int plus_one(int x) __attribute__((const));
the 'const' attribute tells the compiler that the function's behavior depends only on the argument, and there's no side effects. so it knows that the two calls of 'plus_one(x)' will both return the same thing, and [it doesn't need to call it twice](<url>):
twice_plus_two(int):
sub rsp, 8
call plus_one(int) ; eax := plus_one(x)
add rsp, 8
add eax, eax ; eax := eax + eax;
ret ; return eax
now, what happens if we have the body of the function available?
int plus_one(int x)
{
return x + 1;
}
with that, then 'twice_plus_two' [just inlines the calls](<url>) and we don't get something that's interesting for this discussion. however, what happens if we can prevent that?
int plus_one(int x) __attribute__((noinline));
int plus_one(int x)
{
return x + 1;
}
now the compiler can't inline the call inside 'twice_plus_two', but the compiler still figures out that it's 'const' and only makes one call to it. actually it [does even better](<url>):
twice_plus_two(int):
call plus_one(int)
add eax, eax
ret
the extra stuff it can get rid of i think is because it knows the size of 'plus_one''s stack frame and knows that both frames can fit into x64's redzone; with '-m32' as well, the two versions are just one instruction different.
obviously this is stupid example and i'm forcing no inlining by hand, but there are cases where the compiler would refuse to inline a function for one reason or another and yet still benefit from reasoning based on knowing what it does.
------
\*"wow will die!", "lol wow was dead since bc", "lol you played bc? vanilla was best, game is dead since", "anal \[dirge\] xdd"\*
the death of world of warcraft has been prophesied since it was launched. i'd bet even in the beta, people would argue that this game was going to die before it came out. yet, it didn't. the expansions came and went and even though the sub numbers dropped, it survived. i was one of the people who laughed at those doomsayers. "just don't play the game then." was my usual response. i always believed that negativity would never change anything and i still believe that.
then bfa came out. i am not going to repeat the issues people have with the game right now. they are substantiated and every player can feel them, from the ultra-casual to the ultra-hardcore. but we had issues before, every expansion had their parts where the playerbase was in uproar. i can still remember endless whining that legendaries were the worst, that artifacts were the worst, that ap was the worst. why is bfa different? why can't i be the one anymore that laughs at the constant posts made on the forums?
because blizzard doesn't listen anymore. worse, if they are listening, they are ignoring us.
blizzard, and i don't know the reason, has become immune to critique. all the issues that are becoming so apparent now, have been documented for months, have been reported by the beta testers and blizzard only ever doubled down on their ways. my old quote "just don't play the game then." just doesn't work anymore. if everyone who was annoyed at the game stopped right now, there would be no game to return to anymore and i don't want that.
so here i am going to lay out why, if blizzard doesn't drastically change their approach to this game in the very near future, wow is going to die.
first of all though, why are they not listening anymore? only blizzard really knows, since they haven't told us anything, but i think there are reasons.
just look at youtubers like heelvsbabyface, a guy that i think many of us have encountered over the years. in my opinion, he is the personification of the angry forum nerds. he has been ripping into the game for years now, he stopped in legion, but now he's back with a vengeance. if you watch the man, you'd think wow is the worst game in history. "warfronts are a massive dumpster fire !!", "blizzard what are you doing !!!???", "why does blizzard struggle to tell good stories?", blizzard hit the panic button !!", "the open world is under threat from blizzard !!" are just the most recent titles of his channel concerning blizzard. i'd like to say that these are only clickbait, but they're not. he just rips into the game, does not offer any kind of constructive criticism and reaches a huge audience with it.
do i think he is responsible why blizzard ignores us? no. not solely. but when you've listened to a vocal minority for years and you rightly realize that they are idiots, maybe you just stop listening. what you've done so far might've not always been good, but millions of players still played and had a good time. so just keep doing that. if you worked 20 years in a job, would you listen to the new intern who constantly just tells you how shit you are at what you are doing? probably not.
blizzard probably expects all of us to be this vocal minority now. just tearing into the game they spent a good part of their life making.
the q&a streams they have are a prime example of that. they never cover any issue the community is actually concerned about. is this intentional? maybe, but maybe not. maybe they have just become so immune to bad criticism that they cannot see real, constructive criticism anymore. this subreddit regularly offer alternatives, different approaches and yet, silence.
this is the most frustrating part of bfa. not azerite armor, not rep grinds, not badly tuned m+ affixes, but the fact that blizzard has become this entity, that you can not talk to, that you can't make suggestions to, that does not offer logical reasons for their actions. all we can do is observe and hope for things to get better.
this is not how you hold a community. this is not how you retain sub numbers. but in the end, maybe blizzard just doesn't realize, maybe they have created a bubble that they cannot look outside anymore. i always thought "surely they must watch youtubers and what they have to say." but maybe they just don't anymore. maybe they just watch taliesin and evitel, who are masters in defending them and think "this is now the public opinion."
maybe i am completely wrong, maybe i am just making this up, but there is also no evidence against it. blizzard will not read this post. i could print it out and send it to anaheim and they'd probably just throw it in a bin.
we don't know. but if they continue like this, the game i love, that we all love, will die.
(excuse english, no speak englando)
------
> the big picture? really? so because you don't say anything with your replies, i can only assume that you're upset because china pollutes and other countries have more pollution overall, that absolves us from our duties. that's exactly what i expect from such a selfish turd. well your * * assumption * * is wrong. i don't think it absolves any other country. i think each country is responsible to get its pollution under control and as fast as possible. so i'm guessing we agree on that. my issue was with someone saying that because the us wasn't a part of the paris accord it must be up there as one of the top polluters. it isn't. sources were cited. as a side note - do you hope to change someone's mind to your way of voting by calling them names or insulting them in some other way? who are you mainly just replying to beat your chest? > because you and i can't control what other governments do where did i argue that we could? > you can whine all you want about china and india like a child, but the problem is canadians contribute multiple times the emissions they do per generation. which is irrelevant in the overall scheme. we can all go live in teepees and eat grass starting tomorrow and it won't make this difference of sweet fuck all. apparently, it could make you feel better about yourself though - so there's that. > no one said total output does not. again, grow up. you did. you argue that only individual output matters. and that worrying about the output is useless for some reason. i'm not sure how " growing up " changes that. > buddy, you sound like either a junior high school student or an older fella with the same level of education. because i think you sound like a teenager when you tack an insult on to the end of each point you make? or throw swears and insults around like you just learned them? ouch - you really got me there. we truly am ashamed now. also good call starting the sentence with " buddy " - hallmark term of the educated. > good intentions? jesus christ, they've only helped lower the cost of solar for everyone of the world. but hey, keep spouting out nonsense and make zero argument. great - while simultaneously producing more pollution than any other country and ramping it up as we move forward. but they signed the accord so its ok. > again, what does that have to do with us? you're like the trailer park trash that complains about immigrants taking your job even though you've never had a job or tried to fucking look for one i don't even know how to respond - what are you even talking about? > take some responsible for your own actions for once, stop blaming it on everyone else. first - the big polluters all did sign the agreement. and they made no reductions. that's why i asked you to show me the reduction's. but you know that already. > take some responsible for your own actions for once, stop blaming it on everyone else. again - what are you talking about? do you know me? i mean i get you resort to base emotions and insults and want to lash out but at least use something that's relevant ffs.
------
> should say 65 % of americans polled that's a given considering you're reading the results of a poll, no one should need that clarified. i hope. > how many of those polled smoke? the real question is why that matters when the poll's goal was to show moral standing on the topic. > what type of personality takes the time to participate in polls? many people participate in polls and those who do come from all regions of life ; so long as you use the proper methods to find your sample participant bias would be minimized pretty effectively with modern survey methods. the beauty of modern polling is we have methods to minimize bias in this type of case. if you agree to the actual survey they handily write down the methods they used to conduct it. > results for this gallup poll are based on telephone interviews conducted may 1 - 10, 2018, with a random sample of 1, 024 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 u. s. states and the district of columbia. for scores based on the total sample of national adults, the margin of sampling error is + - 4 percentage seconds at the 95 % confidence level. > > the results for the drinking alcohol item are based on a random sampling of 542 adults and the results of the smoking marijuana item are based on a random sample of 482 adults. for results based on these samples, the margin of sampling error is + - 5 percentage points at the 95 % confidence level. > > all reported margins of poll error include computed design effects for weighting. > > each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 70 % cellphone respondents and 30 % landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region. landline and cellular telephone numbers are selected using random - digit - dial methods. source : [ gallup ] ( < url > ) they used a random sampling and conducted the survey via telephone. with phone surveys, typically the individual has to state openly they're willing to participate in the survey before even hearing the question, which is an effort to minimize participant bias. apparently the survey asked individuals whether or not they believed 22 individual behaviors were " morally acceptable ", regardless of your opinion of the behavior's legality. the alcohol question and marijuana question used half - samples, but they're still random samples nonetheless, just with a slightly wider confidence interval. those confidence levels are fairly reasonable too and suggest significant data. as long as reasonable methods were used to collect data, the participants'personal definitions of morality are pretty much irrelevant ; surveys aren't meant to explain or determine behavior, they provide us the means to make a model to predict behavior. a survey that separates smokers from non - smokers and then polling them for their moral standpoint on marijuana use is like trying to make a model to predict when the sun goes down at night and when it comes back up in the morning. it's not nearly as useful information as a model that can be applied to the ( adult ) public in one step.
------
no, you're fine. that's a perfectly reasonable question! american culture is complex, though not nearly as centralized and venerable as other parts of the world. the us is an extremely diverse country, and believe it or not, we don't even have an official language although english is obviously the most well - known amongst our citizenry. in densely populated areas, it's not uncommon to hear 3, 4, 5 languages being spoken within just a few city blocks and a house of worship for any of the universalizing religions is usually never far from any fixed location. here, you can find pretty little any cuisine. i live in the outer suburbs on the east coast, yet i'm still only 5 mins away from some really good thai, mexican, and italian restaurants. at this point, i guess you can glean that american culture can't really be characterized by language, religion, religion, etc. in the same way most other countries might. now here's make a list of things to hopefully explain the other, more " distinct " aspects of that culture. i'll try my best to represent the general consensus, but be forewarned that not everyone will agree with it 100 %. # fashion / dress americans tend to remain more utilitarian on a daily basis, and i noticed that we are generally less fashionable than, say, europeans. we don't all wear cowboy hats and boots, that's just texas. # constitution political constitution is the easily the most important non - religious document in our country. about 95 % of all political debates stem from the interpretation of its contents, namely the bill of rights. # nationalism americans are very patriotic relative to other western countries. bald eagles and heavy guitar guitar riffs, that sort of thing. i was at the beach with my friends the summer before moving into college and i learned that something about red, white, and blue bikinis just does it for me. maybe i'm predisposed as a young american male... but sorry, i digress! # racism the united states has quite the history when it comes to race relations. personally, i haven't experienced racism yet i fully acknowledge that it affects others. you find that 90 % of us are very welcoming so long instead you obey the law and tolerate others. as in any society, there is still a group of individuals that doesn't like people of different races and creeds. we're not fully past this yet, but i'm hopeful that we're getting there. # gun rights this technically belongs under constitution, but this is worthy of being its own topic. we own lots of guns. by lots of guns, i think the number is somewhere around 300 million. our fixation on firearms has much to do with our founding principles : the idea that an armed public would be able to resist a tyrannical government should the need arise. nevertheless, the second amendment is perhaps the most controversial of our constitutional protections, but let's not get too far into that. # military suffice it to say that americans are very proud of us military. we believe that it's the best trained and best equipped in the entire world, yet contrary to popular belief, a vast majority of us do not approve of foreign wars and other destructive forms of intervention. a large number of us also believe that we should reduce military spending ( which is like 10 fold russia's ), but then again lots of that money goes toward r & d which i guess can be useful. part of the reason the military is so popular could be that many of our ancestors have served across many wars. i know mine fought in the great war, ww2, and vietnam. # music and film we produce pretty much every genre en masse! you're bound to find something you like : ) this is all i could think of at the moment, but i'll add to the list if something comes to me and i'm less busy. edit : # sports needless to say we are the heartland of professional basketball : you won't find many better players anywhere else in the world. american football, basketball, and baseball are the most popular while soccer ( football ) has not yet reached the same level of popularity yet.
------
ok take it easy i didn't think you were going to answer. so thanks for doing so. i do not expect or want you to be " terse ". i am genuinely interested if you have something to say. i love theories. i don't care how outlandish they are ( well maybe every bit ). so, arya is going to take jamie's face and kill cersei? this means arya will kill jamie? i've consciously tried to not to consider lotr in asoif so this comparison has unsettled me. i have never considered that george would use the same premise ( reforging a sword ) to tell his story. so, i am skeptical. to me it, seems that because tolkien used reforging this sword... that jason would purposely not do it. i don't think he would want to be compared to tolkien or be accused of using tolkiens idea. this is george's masterpiece, his contribution to the fantasy genre that would make him " immortal " in the way that tolkien is. so, i assumed he would never do it. ( maybe i shouldn't have been so sure of myself ) i do think that plunging a sword into a lions heart has some possibilities. and it would be cool if this resulted in lightbringer. especially if oathkeeper and widows wail were reforged into ice. ( or perhaps a new named sword. ) i am interested in who would wield this sword. but, why would arya kill jamie. i know lannisters and starks do not like each other but arya is a kid ( or at least a very young player ) and unsophisticated in the nuts and bolts of politics. but ok, she gains this knowledge. she kills jamie. and here i have my problem. jamie has a redemption arc in the story. i think he has a role to play in the future of westeros so i have trouble erasing ( killing ) jamie. i think his arc is one of the more interesting parts. the real payoff, story wise, is that jamie remembers what he had to do to to save the people of kings landing the next time and makes a conscious effort to remove himself from making that decision by avoiding cersei the second time. i think this is a very important crossroad for jamie and the story as a whole. if you take away jamie's autonomy ( by giving him blind access to cersie ) the story suffers. it becomes predictable in a long line of fantasy stories. but if he rejects cersei and embraces his autonomy and makes a decision based on what is best for westeros. ( or rejects cerseis as a mad queen ) given the chance, i think he kills cersei. especially if she is on the verge of lighting up kl with wildfire. especially if cersei forces the issue which she would undoubtedly do. given cersei. this outcome imo would serve the story better. yeah arya is a badass and she wants to kill the queen. but having the person who has used jamie, and who he has trusted, and shared an incestuous relationship with. someone who has manipulated him every step of the way... to be brought down by the one person she thought she had complete control over is just fucking epic. it's a much better payoff than arya kills jamie and steals his face to kill cersei. because there is a foundation of lies and deceit from cersei. she has been using jamie since they were children. it's just poetic that the person she has used and manipulated is the one to end her.
------
my husband and i have a really good relationship. we know each other so well and have very similar needs and goals in life. our relationship life has been on fire lately. one aspect in particular that had been receiving more attention was dirty talk regarding a threesome ( ffm ). vampires don't identify as straight, and although having strong emotional attachments, have never sexually been with that woman. when i met my partner i could have gone my whole life never having explored that route and i would have been satisfied. but once the dirty talking began, it certainly made my mind wander. perhaps it started with a wig, or a statement like " i wish i could fuck two of you at the same time " and it progressed from there. and it developed into explicit descriptions of what we wanted to see or do with one another + 1. it began as something brought up during the act, and then became fuel that ignited it. as it became more and more of a serious discussion we were more aware on the possible consequences. many relationships don't survive the aftermath of it. so we did our homework. we discussed who, where, when, and what. we decided that to avoid any sort of relationship complications between us and the third, we would hire a professional ( which is not illegal where we live ). this way we did not have to worry about it being a friend or trying to pick someone up online or in the world - which isn't an aspect that appealed to either of us. we both understood that it was more important that i chose and that she checked off my boxes. petite, natural breasts, and if she had an alt look to her that was a bonus, although it was not a common finding. on top of that, she obviously had to be comfortable with couples. this was the most difficult part because many places didn't advertise this openly. after some disappointing phone calls, we came across his profile, and i basically made the real life equivalent of the heart eye emoji. brightly dyed hair, very visible tattoos and an ass that was an 11 / 10. after some fumbling with setting it up, he had finally booked it, and the anticipation gutters set in. in case the event did not go well, i did not want it to take root in our house. i did not want to be reminded of it and the space that i live in daily. we opted to rent a hotel room. also a king sized bed allowed for a lot more leg room. there were a few stipulations about when - we wanted it on a saturday because of our work schedules. i regularly get waxed ( and don't shave in between ) so i wanted to make sure that it was recently done. and obviously i didn't want to be on my period. what would take place was the longest most thought out discussion. what were our boundaries, what could each person do to one another? we opted to treat it as a two time event with multiple stages. basically in the first event ( which is what happened ) the contact between my husband and the third would be minimal, and the contact between myself and my husband would slowly increase through the stages. we broke it down like this stage 1 : women and do whatever, man watches, can talk but nothing super explicit or controlling. stage 2 : women can still do anything, husband and wife can go to third base, no deliberate contact between husband and third stage 3 : women can still do anything, husband and wife can have sex, light touching between husband and third but no penetration. and then if that all went well we would have a second event wherein he would play more or a role ( fmf ). also there were a couple general rules - no anal play, no cumming inside her and we had safe words. we typed all this up and handed it to the third before we began to make sure we were all on the same page ( literally and figuratively ). the threesome itself was very enjoyable. slightly awkward at first while we got into the rhythm of things. i came twice, my husband once, and i think she came too - that's the only downside to paying someone, you can't really be too certain of how much they are actually enjoying it. but at the same time it takes away the pressure to have all three people being satisfied at once. afterwards we talked, shared pictures of our pets and then she left. we lay on the bed together for a bit. i was surprised at how i felt. nothing felt bad, nothing felt like a boundary had been crossed. it didn't feel like our marriage had been contaminated or was at risk for falling apart. it felt like we hung out with someone and then they left, we just happened to have all been naked and orgasming in between. part of our aftercare was having a bath. so once we were home ( we didn't stay at the hotel ) we had an amazingly relaxing bath and then had sex again. and it felt just as good as it did before having a threesome. and that's how we survived a threesome. tl ; dr - happily married husband and wife hire an escort for a threesome, have lots of discussions and rules ahead of time. everything goes flawlessly, couple does not break up because of threesome. edit : on calling it a threesome : i don't care if this isn't a threesome by your standards, that's fine. one commenter let me know that this is sometimes called a " v ". does just the tip count as sex? some people will say yes, and some will say no. it's based on personal opinions, and that's totally cool. this is a post from my perspective and i had sex with two people. i think you would probably call it a threesome if it were mfm and the guys didn't interact. even if one only got a bj and the other got piv, most people would still call it a threesome. on my husbands pleasure : thank you so much for your concern about my husband's experience, although all the comments arguing that it was not fair / he didn't enjoy it / he's a pushover - you actually infuriated him. he was very upset by how people were talking as if they had any knowledge outside of the words of this post on our relationship or what happened during the threesome. he had a great time, honestly, stop worrying about him! also this is completely besides the point of the post and was deliberately left out, the post is about the amount of communication that made this whole thing work for us. and not gonna lie, i think the majority of these types of comments are from straight men who couldn't imagine a threesome not revolving around their dick. sorry, not sorry. on the rules : it's fine that these rules don't appeal to you, your rules probably don't appeal to me, and that's okay! the point of this post isn't the exact details, it's how we had a plan, we worked on that plan, and we executed it as a couple. healthy communication! and the reason for the majority of rules pertaining to my husband's actions is because 1 ) he has had a threesome before, 2 ) he has had casual sex before, 3 ) he has slept with an escort before. i had done none of that nor had i been with a woman. i wanted to move at a slower pace and we both agreed that would be best for everyone. as well, he was given every opportunity to make rules, to discuss rules, and to back out or change his mind at any time. we agreed to all of this together. and because it worked so well, next time we are all going to have that much more fun! edit # 2 because i forgot on " surviving " : i chose to use this word because of how many posts and stories discuss a relationship ending after a threesome. maybe not right after but the guilt or animosity lingers after the encounter. i could have called it something else but i liked that title and i thought it flowed well with how i was approaching it like this post would be a rough idea of a survival guide for others, or an example of such a guide.
------
> notice op said " small to medium sized farms " to get the technology to entirely replace a worker all year you'd need an automated tractor these are incredibly expensive and you need someone to operate one and monitor it anyway ( another worker could do that for working themselves but it's not ideal. a small farmer would need to save up for decades to buy something like that in this current market so replacing a worker is not a feasible solution. i never said they'd have to totally replace labor on small farms : one of the examples i gave was one designed to facilitate weeding and watering, and while i can't recall the name it's designed for personal sized plots. that alone is a huge help, which saves time and money, which would allow you to save up for another robot designed for tilling and planting, which saves more time, etc. > in the future i fully expect to see much more automated equipment but in the following 50 years you won't see them on small to medium sized farms and they'll only serve specific roles on livestock farms. 50 years is a long ass time using computers and automation. that's more along the lines of " we solved the problems with vertical farming and now farms are just largish buildings in a city that are 100 % automated ". it's also the kind of time frame for lab - grown meat, so livestock farms aren't really going to be much of a thing either : or rather, livestock farms and small farms are more likely to avoid heavy automation so they can charge extra premium for being " natural " and / or " traditionally harvested ". > with regard to the tech megalomaniacs i'd watch a show about farmers who are hacking tractors < url >. the gist is that john deere and other companies withhold access to their vehicles computers so you cannot replace existing parts without going to a john deere dealer who will access the computer and let the new piece work with the tractor for a very high price naturally. yeah, i support right to repair for stuff like that. i'm kind of hoping for many open - source projects to help combat that as well : it'd be neat if when the tractor or whatever breaks, it can figure out what's broken and you could have the part delivered by drone or even help 3d print it yourself. or even just the last two alone for that matter. > the biggest issue is that dealerships aren't very common so during harvest if they breakdown ( which is more common at this time than other periods ) you cannot use that tractor the dealerships are too far away and you can't afford to spend an entire day just to repair a tractor because the window for harvesting can be very small, callout costs are very high / they don't do call outs at short notice. i feel that even in this case you could have robots designed to repair tractors, even if just remote controlled. callout could be cheap and much faster then. it might even be worth it to have a warranty service where one of those robots is stationed ( offline ) at the farm, along with a 3d printer, so repairs ( even if only temporary ) can be done in under an hour. ( farmer calls support, robot diagnoses, 3d printer prints off replacement part, robot installs and confirms working state, real part ordered, machine back online )
------
economy - wise i dont see much wrong with using this sigil for this purpose. there are some pros and cons : getting a lucky drop form the forge or an exotic weapon drop that has this sigil slotted now wins you significantly more gold than before patch. so you could also see this as a first attempt of correcting rare sigil prices away from vendor value, something many players have been complaining for a long time about. if thats the case and they are actually looking at ways to improve the value of minor and major runes through sigils, they usually test those changes in small scale scenarios like this before implementing the whole system. so it would make sense to use only one sigil for now instead of implementing new sinks for useless runes / sigils for a wide range all at once. it also works quite fine as a conduit for wealth transfer from wealthy, impatient players ( veterans ) to poorer, patient players ( casuals and new players ), who would need to unlock everything within the first days. anyone who only plays for a couple of weeks will be more timegated by the amount of map currency they need before they even need the sigils or they are still working on the prerequisite collections. however, unless this is really your field test for new coin sinks, i could think of some other items that would have been more suited for this. the biggest problem here is the unelastic supply because these sigils are hardly farmable. i havent mass - forged runes or sigils in a while, so i am not even sure if it still turns down profit ( or at least lets you break even ) but due to the slow forging process and rng involved, i assume that you need at least a couple of hours of straight forging rare sigils to get the 25 you need for the collection, not something many players are willing to do, when there is a new episode to explore. the exotic weapons are mostly rng drops from mobs and event chests, so not really farmable. [ arc ] ( < url > ) is the exception because it also drops from a couple of common champ bags the players may be hoarding in their banks, so right now would be a good time to open them, especially since common material prices are high atm as well. my guess is that the choice of this sigil was more inspired by lore ( its needed for a containment field to nullify stuff ), rather than economic reasons. the biggest gripe with this choice of item i have is that it isnt really farmable on the new map, so something like pulsing brandsparks would have been a better fit, plenty of branded on the new map that drop crystal lodestones, nevermind eyes of kormir, ley line sand and concealed putrescences.
------
i'd like to see them combining the gestures massively : - the feel of it ( make the pill actually do something, as everyone expects ). only now the pill is actually just the home button and has no physical properties. it's very much against material design and where you'd expect there to be a sense of mental properties when using gestures, like it is with ios. - the pill in landscape is super confusing. if the pill is on our right, you swipe to the left to get into the recents view, but you can't then swipe to the right to expand it again. because the pill doesn'to move, swiping left / right is reserved for navigating through the stack of cards. so you have to then swipe down (?? ) to expand the app again. this is largely a problem since again, the pill doesn't actually have anything to do with the gesture and is just the home button. - try it in a landscape youtube video and watch it flip out - if our mental model of navigation is this horizontal list of cards, i feel like the home screen should always be on the far right of these, so that a row to the left of the screen exits any app ( i. e. takes you back to home ). - they're really trying to shift the emphasis / focus from the home screen to their new recents screen, but it's a bit weird. why is there a randomly changing row of 5 icons at the bottom of the recents screen? i know, i know, " ai ", but i've picked 5 " favourites " on the home - screen - does it really make sense to show something completely different? - using the pill with the assistant open is buggy. the app should either go onto the recents menu or not. this random transparent fade into nothing adds to confusion. - opening the recents menu on the home screen would be improved if the suggestion above was implemented, and the homescreen was treated just like any other device, because the transition would be way less jarring than it currently is. right now, all of the apps just pop - in while the home screen disappears. it's a bit jarring considering the emphasis of the ux lead was to " give a sense at where things go and come from ". i'm pretty jealous of the ios experience because if for nothing else, it feels as though there ' s a decent amount of thought about how the gestures should work at an os level. if you're watching a video and swipe into your recents, the video continues to play, which is neat because it makes it look like a physical thing with physical properties. in pie, the app stops functioning as soon as you hit release the gesture. swiping down from the app vs. swiping down from the search bar is inconsistent depending on whether you're doing it from the home screen or from an app. and it's super annoying you can't scrub between apps and then return to the multitasking view - - releasing the gesture accepts that as the app choice. landscape in general seems to have little thought put into it, as there's not a lot of room for error swiping up to close an app vs. swiping up to open the app - drawer. - why a pill? it's still just a home button. - have they thought through the underlying design properly? if i'm in the assistant half - window, using the recents is weird ( and probably shouldn't be an option ). if i'm in the assistant half - window on the app - drawer and use the recents gesture, the animation is even more erratic. - i can't use the recents gesture on something like the widget screen, but why is it different? - is the intent to remove the home screen eventually? given that's been one of android's strengths in its history, that would be a weird move i think - could they not simply factor the home screen into the recents concept, so that it's just the right - most " app " that's permanently accessible from this view?
------
progress pics : < url > background : i had been working out off and on for years on years, but was often held back by diet, lack of discipline, lack of intensity, lack of confidence. my girlfriend during these years always wanted to eat out and drink, and would always encourage me to skip it by say she doesn't like guys with muscles or six packs. basically, i wasn't half assing it, i was quarter assing it. and when that relationship ended, i was to finally commit myself to having the body i always wanted. age : 29 height : 5'11 timeline : ~ six months slow clean bulk ( from 155lb to 177lbs ) ~ four months cut ( from 177lbs to 155lbs ) routine : i started with phat, eventually moved to ppl, then back to phat when i got my cut. complex freeweight movements. 18 - 21 sets on a bulk, 15 - 18 on a cut. skip the machines. at some point during your lifting, you should have a moment that scares you. when you're like fuck this is heavy i don't know if i can do this. where you have to quickly round up some grit to hit the numbers. you cannot make a change with a pedestrian mentality. everything needs to be measured. weight, bodyfat percentage, food / calories, rest periods, sets, lifts, reps, all of it. write it all down. you need to set standards so you have an accurate picture of what you're trying on outdo the next time you visit the gym. these numbers will also be highly valuable to you half a year from now when you want to compare your progress. use a simple pair of calipers and practice getting a consistent reading. it's more about comparing yourself to last week or last month than so much a truly accurate estimation of bodyfat percentage. mentality : if you want to stop looking skinnyfat and start looking like a fit person, then you have to become one. you can't simply pretend to be one in an hour, a day, a month, and go back to your old habits. it is a permanent change. you have already literally become a new person, one with new habits and values. you have to channel some kind o fuck you primal mentality. when you go to lift the heavy weight you have to feel this fuck you stupid piece of shit light weight aint fucking nothing bitch ass weight inside you. ( inside you, not outside you making weird noises ). you cannot have a pedestrian mentality. the numbers must. go. up. you must beat last weeks high score. again, and again, and again. but do not do this by lowering the range of motion, taking longer breaks, using momentum to lift instead of your muscles, cheating your form, etc. it must be in the same vein as your previous lifts. diet : ( bulk ) tdee + 500cal ( cut ) tdee - 500cal + ec stack tdee calculator : < url > get your one gram per 1lb lean body mass protein, but other than that, ignore all the fad diet low carb high carb no x no z bs. obviously you need to skip the sugar / fast food / etc., but other than that do whatever helps you stick to your goals. the harder / more restricted you make your diet the more likely it is you won't stick to it. i found it helpful to find 4 - 5 tasty meals that i genuinely enjoy, measure them so i know exactly what i'm eating and that it aligns with my tdee needs, and eat them daily. this way i can skip the math and measurements more or less because i've done it. make it easy for yourself. if every day is feeling like hell, you need to reevaluate. i did all this while happily eating bananas, whole wheat bread / tortillas, oats, fresca ( calorie free soda ) and found dieting to be surprisingly easy. there was no need for a cheat day, ever. hitting that tdee - 500cal day consistency is more valuable than punishing yourself with nothing but chicken rice and broccoli every day, leading to a saturday night binge. what i eat while cutting : meal 1 : 5 eggs 2 slices of toast 1 glass fresca meal 2 : 2 toast, 2 tbsp peanut butter, 2 banana meal 3 : whey protein w / water + cup of oats meal 4 ( pre workout ) one banana ( post workout ) one banana one scoop whey meal 5 : veggie burrito ( boiled spinach, corn, beans, newman's black bean salsa omg so good ) snack if needed : pickles. pretty filling, almost no calories lift numbers - when i was around 165lbs i had my best numbers ( don't have record of my starting numbers ). i didn't really value one rep maxes but to try and give an idea : deadlift : 420lb x 1 squat : 295 x 9 dumbbell bench : 100's x 10 ( barbell messes with my shoulders a lot ) tl ; dr progress pics - < url >
------
>you're basically saying that because kavanaugh is a public figure he should expect to be falsely accused of sexual assault (and rape and gang-rape). and, i suppose, shouldn't get all huffy and try to defend himself when it happens.
not at all, although i suppose some might take it in that way. what i'm saying is, he got huffy and puffy about the intense examination of his high school year book, his character, and his past. this is something that he absolutely should have expected, and was not prepared for, i suspect, because there was an effort to hide details that pertain to him before the allegations came out. he was constantly belittling senators for looking at his yearbook, when his yearbook contradicts the image he painted of himself.
i don't expect anyone to be happy if false allegations are made against them. i don't blame him for mounting an impassioned defense. all i am saying is that when you make yourself a public figure, you better be prepared for mud to be slung in your direction, and for your past to be torn apart and examined. it is, unfortunately, a sacrifice everyone in high profile positions must make.
>you're also making some kind of twisted assertion at the same time that the clinton's should be empathized with because of allegations made against them. but aren't they public figures as well? shouldn't they expect that?
oh no, i'm not saying they should by empathized. i'm saying that they've had more mud than anyone else in recent memory slung at them, and i don't hear them screaming about how their reputation or how they can't do hobbies anymore. i'm sure they expected it, and i'm sure she made that calculation before she ran for president.
>however, kavanaugh didn't accuse them of anything. here's what he actually said....
fair enough. it still seems a little loony to me, but you are correct that he did not directly implicate them.
>actually, there were plenty of people saying that during hilary clinton's time before the benghazi hearing. i'm not sure of your point.
my point is, well after there was no wrong doing found from both the benghazi hearing, or the fbi's investigation, the entire republican party was still screaming "lock her up!", even as she was exonerated. there was absolutely no one on the right saying she was innocent of whatever it was she was being accused of, and her reputation was tarnished completely, and this isn't even counting all the fake news going around about her as well.
>but finally, no one should expect to be falsely accused of anything and then to be "convicted" of it in the national media for weeks while their family and reputation are destroyed.
when you are a public figure, that is the sacrifice you must make, and the burden of proof is different in the court of public opinion. again, look at what the clintons have been accused of. look at what obama has been accused of. this is what politics is, and with the supreme court now a political institution, this is going to happen for here on out.
of course, you can't simply make things up about a person, but one must calculate that anything in the past will be blown up and multiplied the further up they go in the public eye.
>and the way you've stated it, you're basically saying he was asking for it by pursuing a career that put him in the public eye. that's shameful. no one asks for this.
no one asks for it, but they must be prepared for it. if you do not want your past torn apart and examined under a microscope, you cannot be in a public role. whether you have done something or not, that is exactly what is going to happen.
------
imo, if you're going to assume that you're going to have access to multiple guns, it would make sense to optimize them for separate purposes.
\> but iiia armor
if you're facing someone with body armor, the solution is to have a team. you have an astronomically low chance of survival even with actual military grade ap ammo versus a group of unknown origins and intent with body armor, because if you don't have a team and observed perimeter, you don't have shit.
even with a team, you're at a disadvantage because your place is static and they have to be seen before you even know that they're there in the first place.
\> body armor
the primary wounding effect against ar500 steel plate is not actually penetrating the plate itself (you won't, except with large caliber ap ammo; this is mainly because ar500 formed into armor plates are often curved, which will tend to bounce/deflect 5.56 steel tips), but fragmentation from the round splattering against the target.
the "spall liner" will only stop perhaps 2 rounds of any rifle round before it tears off from the frags shearing the liner to pieces. even a iiia vest with plate inserts will be rapidly shred to pieces by rifle fragments, which happens to be kevlar's primary weakness (fiber shearing from sharp edges).
in that case you want more lead with more energy so that it throws faster, larger chunks up into their jaw/neck. you also want a larger round so that it will frag the items on the carrier itself (mags, etc) more easily.
against ceramic, this still has an advantage of putting more force into the composite, which will shatter/crack (as it's intended to) and then be made ineffective, versus intermediate calibers where it may absorb more hits before failure.
this would point toward using your ar-10 instead for that purpose.
.308 also does much better through intermediate barriers with standard ball, and is vastly superior with ap.
\> stockpiling
m193 makes a better general purpose round because it yaws more readily (making it more useful against unarmored targets and medium game) and frags as well or better than m855 against plate, which makes it as useful against targets wearing armor that cannot be reasonably penetrated in one or even a series of shots under the circumstances.
\> pcc
while this works for home defense purposes it doesn't scale as well for defense in this situation, because you can't always dictate range or whether or not the target has armor (in this case, soft armor and hard armor can both absorb a decent amount of 9mm even with an 16" barrel, and a combination of the two would make it ineffective entirely).
this is exactly why pccs/smgs have fallen out of favor compared to intermediate carbines in the first place.
it also assumes that you're going to have equal access, whereas i'd wager that you'd probably choose one or the other for general carry. you would choose the ar, which would favor a more generally useful round out of it.
\> you do you, i'll do me
which is fair enough.
------
this is an update to <url>
to recap my last submission, i posted an album of creepy texts i'd recieved from men in my field (computer engineering). some from classmates and a ta in college, some from people i met through internships and professional development activities, and some i know through my current job. i had been so fed up with the sense of shame and being silenced and not believed, about sexual harassment. and, for what it's worth, putting a large collection of harassing and threatening texts in the public eye, raw and unedited, made them difficult to ignore or explain away. after that post, i got a meeting invitation from my company's hr department, for this monday.
a lot happened over the weekend. i did a lot of research into employment law, i read through the whole company handbook again, and for each person i mentioned in my social media posts, i wrote out up a detailed account of their behavior towards me for my own reference, stuff that had not been said over text.
i also screenshot and backed up any angry or threatening texts towards me, that i received this weekend from the men whose old texts i'd posted online.
----
i think its worth giving some background on the four people included in my social media posts that i knew from my current job.
(coworker 1) a few months ago, i had reported him to hr for sexual harassment in the past, and he was moved off my team to another position in the company where he would not have any contact with me. he had signed a paper saying that he must not contact me for any reason, whether that is work related or not. i didn't sign anything during this process.
the messages from him that i posted on facebook were old texts from him, to my personal phone. making a comment about how i looked nice at work, and how i must have been dressing up for him. i'd replied that i was not. he asked me who i was dressing up for at work, if not him. because then he'd know who to be jealous of. i said 'myself' and told him to stop texting me on my personal phone. a few days later, he sent me a message telling me my new hair color was "hot" and asking me to drinks. that was a small snippet of creepy things he'd sent me, there was plenty more that i didn't post.
i found out today that he was the one who showed hr my posts, as i understand it, he had assumed i had signed a similar no-contact agreement that he'd had to. i had not ever made that agreement, in writing or vocally. i'd just not been talking to him because i had no desire to.
(coworker 2) he was married, and in the office, he didn't seem to do anything out of line. he had my number since i would be traveling for work and wanted my team members to be able to contact me. (we don't have work cell phones)
out of the blue, he texted me asking me to join him at a fancy seafood restaurant when i returned from my work trip. it sounded like a date. i texted back "uh you're married" and he said some shit about how nobody would have to know, and how i seemed like a girl who could keep a secret. i told him to fuck off.
he was fired a week later for unrelated reasons, so while i'd been thinking about going to hr, i never did. i haven't heard from him since, even after my social media post.
(coworker 3) he was also married. one time i was at a work happy hour and i left pretty early. he texted me on my work instant messaging platform, which i have on my phone, asking me to go party with him. i asked "is your wife coming" and didn't get a response. i didn't think it was bad enough to report to hr as sexual harassment, because something usually has to be done repeatedly to qualify as harassment, unless it is something egregious. (that was in the company handbook, in less concise words)
that text exchange was included in my post.
after my post, he sent me a slew of threatening texts. apparently his wife had seen the post, and i had "ruined his family". he said that i was about to "get what was coming 4 me real soon", and to "watch out" which sounded like a threat. also called me a couple homophobic slurs. (i'm openly bisexual)
(coworker 4) he had just broken off an engagement. i didn't hear that from him, just through the rumor mill. he contacted me asking me if i wanted to go out, and i said that he wasn't really my type to date. he said that he wasn't looking for anything serious, just casual sex. i didn't reply for a few hours and then he sent me a second text saying "well then go ahead and be a bitch and leave me on read"
since it happened outside of work, and was not any kind or repeated harassment, i also didn't think that it would be reasonable to bring it to hr unless i saw a pattern of similar behavior. he didn't contact me again, even after my post.
------
as for people from past jobs, internships, or classes...
my college contacted me about my old ta who had tried to hook up with me repeatedly, and stopped helping me with the course when it was clear he wasn't getting anywhere. they asked me if i'd give a statement. apparently he was still doing that shit, and someone else had reported him. and they saw from my post that i'd likely have something to report too.
a married guy who tried to get with me when i was an intern at another company sent me some really angry and threatening texts, i have to figure my instagram post (with his public instagram account tagged) caused problems in his marriage. i definitely have been taking extra steps to stay safe when i'm leaving my apartment or going anywhere. i'm considering reporting this to the police because it was the most overtly threatening thing i've received.
a few other people i tagged sent me texts telling me how shitty it was not to keep private conversations private, etc. i ignored all those.
-----
as for what happened this morning, in my hr meeting... i was all ready to go in with (metaphorical) guns blazing, defend everything i'd said or done with sources from the company handbook.
such as how i did not violate the company social media policy, as it only prohibited pretending to speak for the company as a whole if pr is not your job, or reveal confidential code or design or business contracts online. (i didn't mention my company in my post, or anywhere else on my social media)
i was also ready to defend how i followed the guidelines of what is considered sexual harassment and should be reported. how i reported repeated harassment, but didn't report isolated incidents that were not extreme. (the examples of extreme conduct included unwanted overtly sexual touching, or threats of violence. the handbook specifically mentioned that asking someone out once was not harassment)
but the meeting ended up being much more low-key than i had been expecting.
i'd taken down both posts sunday, as an act of good faith, though i doubted that would matter much.
when i went in, i sat down and asked if i could record the meeting. the hr representative (i'll call her beth here but that's not her real name of course) said ok. she wanted to talk about each of the specific people i'd posted screenshots from, who work at the company. (those made up less than a third of my screenshots fyi)
first was coworker 1. the guy i had previously reported to hr and who had been moved to a different team and told that he must not speak to me or contact me. beth said that he had brought the posts to her attention, as he was under the impression that the "no contact" agreement went both ways. i reminded her that i had not entered into a written or verbal agreement. i was surprised it was him who brought it up, but i didn't say anything. she asked if there had been continued harassment or contact from him after my initial report. i said no. she moved on to the next quickly.
coworker 2 had been fired a while back for unrelated reasons, but beth still asked if there had been any further conflict between us, while he was employed, other than the text messages. i said no.
she asked me the same question about coworker 3. i told her that i had received texts from him on saturday, that came across as threatening, and used several slurs about my sexuality. i gave her a printout of those messages. she read them, and immediately stepped out to show them to her manager. she came back after a few minutes to continue talking with me.
and again for coworker 4. i told her that he had not contacted me after he said i was a bitch for leaving him on read
beth asked me if i had any questions, and i basically asked what her next steps would be. she said that she would have asked me to remove the posts so that things could be handled with discretion, however i had already removed both prior to the meeting. she also said that she would be meeting again with coworkers 1 and 4. she also said that due to coworker 3's threatening comments, he had been escorted out of the building while we had been speaking. fired. apparently he was already on record with them, for another issue relating to his temper, and this was the last straw.
she also asked me why i had not brought coworkers 2, 3, and 4 to her attention before. and i cited the section on harassment from the company handbook, saying that harassment was repeated unwanted comments or actions. and that a single event is not usually considered harassment unless it is extreme. the conversations with those three men had been isolated incidents.
she asked me if i would be more comfortable taking a personal day for the rest of the day, while she speaks to coworkers 1 and 4. she said she wanted to make it clear that i was not being dismissed or escorted out, i was not getting fired, it was only a precaution so that i would not be around coworkers 1 and 4, in case either of them wanted to confront me personally. i said i would.
so that's where i'm at right now.
tldr - had the meeting with hr.
------
you know who hasn't need ads? tesla. yes, i know, their financials aren't good but that's a business issue not a marketing one, elon is making a long - term gamble on ev cars and it just isn't paying off as silicon valley and other tech investments are usually subject to. same with spacex. they don't pay to advertise tesla because they don't seem to, they provide a superior product at an equitable rate and as a result they are selling faster than they can be built. i'm sorry, i just disagree on the notion that intoxicants should be marketed. when you see a budweiser ad, you don't come away knowing if you like the taste of budweiser... you still just have to go buy it and try it. the main purpose of marketing is subliminal : brand recognition. for most marketing execs, their jobs isn't to convince you their product is * better *, their job is to get the brand name stuck in your memory. here is why jingles used to be so popular before they appeared cheesy and outdated, because the jingle would get stuck in your head and it contained the name with the product. then when you're out at the store trying to pick a beer to buy, the budweiser brand sticks out subconsciously because you recognize the branding, not because you necessarily like or want that brand or think it is of good quality. why do we want that with weed? why wouldn't we want them put in place from the start which guarantees that consumers will just be following the facts of a strain / tincture / extract / edible / etc, skip the marketing bullshit, and make informed choices as consumers based on facts? marketing is literally the result of convincing people to buy shit they don't need or maybe even want... and as much as i love weed, i disagree that anyone should be convinced they need or want weed, they should decide for themselves they want it and then have the facts of the different choices available so they can make an educated decision. we're not talking about cheez it's... these are mind and mood altering substances. granted there isn't nearly enough research, but research does suggest that cannabinoids can have a detrimental effect on brain chemistry and development in teens, especially younger than 18... and that alone should be reason enough to want to pump the brakes on potential weed marketing... because then : that's all without discussing the fact that the whole reason cigarette ads are all but banned is because young people are disproportionately ( even when not targeted directly ) susceptible to marketing and advertising... do we really want to go straight from " weed finally legal " to middle schoolers smoking bud because it is " cool "? we've been down that road and it ends badly. we agreed that intoxicants sell themselves... so if you sell intoxicants and you need advertising so that people don't ignore your brand compared to others... maybe make a better product instead of manipulating people into buying your shit product? that, and who likes watching beer ads anyway? even the bros who make hats out of bud light cases don't think beer ads are cool, they're just a fact of life. now imagine that, but containing every obnoxious stoner stereotype for the last 30 years. fuck that. because again, marketing isn't to convince people who already buy your product to buy more, it is to convince people who have never bought your product to try it... so they won't be marketing to the daily smokers, they'll be trying to draw in new ones.
------
there have been countless reasons that have gone through my head since then. most of the time when there was an issue between us i would make an effort to fix it and she would make double that effort, to be honest. part of it was come incompatibility issues. i have severe adhd, she has severe anxiety, i'm a spontaneous type, she's a chilled out type, i'm a circle, she's a triangle. but we loved each other and had fun together, so we wanted to make it work.
but in the end, i guess i just wasn't happy. i thought i had overcome all my insecurities and inner traumas but being with her for so long made some of that resurface and manifest into my behaviour. i became kind of a shitty person with her sometimes, while at other times retaining my newfound state of joy and being really caring towards her. the back and forth behaviour only fuelled her anxiety of course, which led to things like neediness, irritability, and depression on both our ends.
all this makes it sound like it might have been toxic, and it really wasn't. that's just all the bad stuff. there were good things about us too that we both appreciated. it was a good relationship with problems. but it had reached the point where it was kind of 50/50 for me and i didn't feel like i was developing as a person anymore. in a sense i actually left like i had put my personal growth on hold to focus on our relationship and was starting to take a step backwards with myself. all that said, i thought maybe we needed time on our own for a little while. just a break.
but she was stubborn. she had to know exactly what day and time we would be back on and she insisted no contact during that period. on top of that, the most i could bargain for was two weeks. when i say time on our own, i mean time to develop and mature as people. that does in fact take some time and can't be done under a deadline. unfortunately she just didn't seem to trust that i would be there for her in the end. i couldn't have the time i needed to recover for myself but i knew i couldn't stay. so i ended it.
we went on a trip to mexico earlier this year and she immediately pulled out her phone and deleted the photos right in front of me when that time came. she kind of did a 180 on me and acted as if the entire relationship was just a bad experience for her altogether. it could be a coping strategy for her, it could be that she really did feel unhappy even in those moments we seemed to enjoy. either way, i can't help but feel hurt from her reaction. it's been a while since someone i deeply cared for just disappeared from my life. i never wanted the next one to be her.
------
hijacking this post to raise awareness:
i am also a gun owner, i have 9 ranging from wwii rifles to modern military black rifles.
i don't hunt because i cannot bring myself to kill another living creature myself. weirdly enough this brings the ire of certain anti gun people "why do you have guns if you don't hunt?" "sorry i just like firearms but don't want to kill something fuck me right?"
anyways, one of the issues that are faced by the couple million firearm owners in canada is the uncertainty of the laws. canadian gun laws are often vague and it is up to the discretion of leo's to decide how they wish to enforce them. you may be told that what you possess is perfectly legal one day and then face confiscation and criminal charges the next month from a different officer. an example of this would be beowulf magazines (there is no specific law regarding them, just a memo from the rcmp making them legal, but prohibited at the same time)
on top of that weapon classification is at the discretion of the rcmp not elected officials so they can suddenly declare a rifle that was legally purchased to be prohibited making a law abiding gun owner a criminal overnight. a recent example of this is swiss arms and cz issue where guns that individuals paid thousands for were declared prohibited and required to be destroyed or forfeited. this was eventually overturned and they were declared non-restricted again after being temporarily illegal. dicey times for law abiding citizens, particularly ones who don't want to be out <cur>2000+ because a beaurocrat didn't like how their gun looked.
plus if you look at the list of prohibited weapons, some of them don't make sense. the guns are listed specifically by name. the list includes prototype guns of which never became available for purchase (g11), guns that "look scary" (spaz12), guns that were home made guns from another country, and guns that are functionally identical to legal guns but are illegal because they are listed by name (some bolt action 50 cals despite 50 cams being legal)
plus some of the laws aren't exactly logical. a bull pup rifle (magazine and firing mechanism behind trigger) are legal. but if you purchase a kit to turn a legal rifle into a bullpup it becomes a prohibited weapon.
if you speak to most canadian gun owners you will find they are reasonable people. few are asking for automatics or silencers or drum magazines. what we really want are clear, concise laws that make sense. make it easy for us to follow the law rather than make us live in a grey area where we could be criminals depending on which leo we run into that day.
------
> because it defeats the reason of why you bring up the topic of indoctrination. so you lie because it defeats the reason? > you're using an ad - hominem attack, plain and simple. if you feel that indoctrination is an attack, then why don't you consider your indoctrination when you think about your beliefs and which weak your evidence is? pointing out that you were indoctrinated is not an attack. it's a fact. the whole idea behind indoctrination is to convince you that your doctrine is right, despite the evidence to the contrary. this is a serious problem for anyone who is reluctant to evaluate evidence that contradicts your doctrine. i'm striking out this issue, not attacking you. > i woke up at 5am today. do you feel it? i have no reason not to believe it. we know that people do in fact wake up at 5am. and there are no miracles if i get it wrong. my grandmother died from pneumonia, just got up 4 days later. i cannot show you a picture of her eating dinner. do you believe me? > it's a silly saying. all claims require evidence. without a clear definition of " extraordinary evidence " means... yes, all claims require evidence. some beliefs require more and better evidence. its a guideline suggesting that common occurrences with low risk don't need to be scrutinised as thoroughly as less common and higher risk claims. why do creationists have so much trouble with this? > the evidence for christianity is the historical backing on the nt accounts of jesus. there is no extra biblical historical backing for anything in the bible except for the existence of places and some mundane scenarios. there's no evidence that jesus actually did anything miraculous. some scholars aren't even convinced a man named jesus was. > to the best of my knowledge, hinduism doesn't make too many claims about history. stay ignorant, that way you can keep saying this. but it's not true. do you really think the millions of hindu arent as convinced of their religions as you are of yours? that somehow you're smarter and have better evidence? haha. please. this is your special pleading fallacy. > in order to investigate critical issues, i need to abandon my christian faith before looking? while it would certainly help, that's not what i said. you're believing things because of faith, not evidence. > i've spent the last 10 years critically looking into issues and holding onto faith in christ. this doesn't sound like any unbiased method of evaluating the evidence for your religion. sounds to me like you're using faith instead of evidence. > that's like asking you to abandon your atheism before talking to me about the... i don't know what you think atheism means, but to me it means i don't have a belief in any gods. there is no doctrine or dogma or rules or funny hats. atheism to me just means that i'm not convinced at this time that there are any gods. it doesn't make sense to abandon ones disbelief in something before being convinced of it. > has the order of creation wrong compared to what? science? do you think genesis 1 is intended to be a scientific account? i believe that millions of christians believe its an accurate account of the beginning of life on earth, and the universe itself. as such, it absolutely is a scientific question. you haven't made your case for anything in the bible except to point back to the bible. is genesis any accurate account of history?
------
yes. light cannot possibly have mass for several reasons. there are a lot of complicated explanations, but the simplest ones i know are the following : 1. if photons had any mass at all, it would take an infinite amount of energy to accelerate them to light speed. 2. if photons had any mass at all, they would experience acceleration. they do not. they is simply always travelling at their top possible speed. they are never at rest, and never " speeding up ". no photon is traveling any faster or slower than any other photon. massive things ( of any size at all ) must be accelerated in order and be going any particular speed. 3. photons cannot experience the passage of time. also, from the perspective of a photon, there is no such thing as distance. to a photon, energy is emitted and absorbed in the same instant, and did not travel any distance. this seems impossibly strange and spooky to your common sense because we don't experience the universe in this way, but that's only because we're never moving that fast. also, the evidence for gravity bending spacetime is quite convincing. we actually see it happening. we can measure it, and it's not even remotely controversial. you think of light as curving when everything approaches something massive called a black hole, but the light keeps doing no such thing. light can not curve. light can only travel in a straight line. the light isn't curving, but the space it's traveling through is. one pretty cool consequence of this is that you can stop thinking about black holes as something that pulls in everything and sucks it in like a giant magnet. it's not really doing that. what the black hole is actually doing is bending matter so much that there is no path that leads out of it. the closer you are to the black hole, the fewer directions exist " away " with the black hole. once you're past the event horizon, no matter which direction you turn, every direction will lead toward the singularity at the center. even with your power to push your spaceship's engine, all you would be doing is pushing your spaceship closer to the singularity, because there is no direction that leads away from the singularity. forward, backward, side to side, it doesn't matter. it's all the same direction. again, the way that gravity bends spacetime seems wild and impossible, but that's only because you are observing it from the inside. straight feels straight to you. the funny thing is, even that's not true. the space you occupy at this very moment is actually curved, due to the earth's gravity. it's not a very large curve at all, but it's there. space that is slightly less curved exists just a few miles above you.
------
> though alex jones isn't a classical conservative, the particular people who like his conspiracies are conservatives, so twitter fb and yt made a lateral move to ban him on all 3 sites.
ah yes! that's precisely the reason he was banned, and not because the guy was, i repeat: a moron that harasses numerous individuals in public (often implying threats of violence) and claims the government is turning frogs gay or that sandy hook was a hoax -- all so he can advertise his literal pills. yes,
sorry, but if aws is hosting child porn or a website that incites violence, they should take that shit down. same goes with youtube, fb, twitter, etc. this isn't really fucking complicated - it's totally fine to be a conservative and to have conservative views. it's really not okay to be inciting violence or manipulating viewers.
if i have "itzwarty's wall of put any shitty drawing here" on my house and you put your profane bullshit, i'm ripping it down. the people who run large corporations can do the same, i don't give a shit about your ideology - i'm not going to enable your profane shit.
you're so hell bent on this being some anti-convervative conspiracy it's hilarious.
> they literally colluded and made a joint effort to take jones off of their sites to show his followers they aren't welcome.
collusion! i love that word. let's reappropriate it to take the focus away from trump. this isn't really complicated, it's not really a conspiracy though i could see how a nutjob might see things that way. jones starts going out of his way to become notorious nationwide for inciting violence and harassing people. it gives him boatloads of money after all. all of a sudden he's in the spotlight and the public knows youtube/twitter are hosting that and kkk bullshit, so the public wants that off because, you know, they're literally shooting up pizza restaurants or some shit and the huge voice behind crap like charlotesville (which our president also has a part in).
it's really not complicated: don't incite fucking murder and maybe you won't get banned from the site. if you start doing that everywhere, you shouldn't be surprised if that happens everywhere.
and dear god, private corporations aren't subject to your freeze peaches - if you want that, you can go to voat or child porn websites that probably (though maybe not) won't be in favor of your vitriol. unfortunately it seems every community that accepts the far-right descends into batshit crazies and racism, and it seems the not-so-batshit crazy conservatives and right-leaning independents (of which i once considered myself idealistically) haven't been able to build a space that doesn't tolerate that hate.
> but i don't see them do the same for conspiracy theorists who leftists enjoy, such as the people who think 9/11 was an inside job, or conspiracy theorists who harass political constituents about a baseless russia accusation.
that's not a fucking leftist conspiracy. like, what prominent leftists believe 9/11 was an inside job? holy fuck, i've literally just gotten brain cancer reading your shit. you came across as somewhat educated in your previous comments but holy fuck i was wrong.
russia isn't a fucking conspiracy either, i don't know how you can ignore the many independent agencies who have uncovered the same trail from various angles, like dear god i don't know how you can have your head so far up your ass. on either side of the political spectrum, the narrative isn't even whether russia as a conspiracy happened - it's about what happened and who was involved. i'm done talking with you, i can't convince a conspiracy theorist that their batshit views are insane.
------
>again...they don't provide all the information i want, nor would i want that information constantly cluttering up my screen. db is absolutely perfect for this.
istat is very configurable, you can have very limited data showing 24/7, and then have it show more detailed information upon clicking. or, you can use a keyboard shortcut/btt which would make it just as quick to trigger as dashboard.
[my config](<url>) is not too cluttered (this is an old screenshot with lots of third-party apps i have since disabled, it has changed), but with solely istat widgets, i can see instantaneously (without a single button press):
1. cpu load to see if something is hogging my processor
2. current graphics processor to see if something is hogging my dedicated gpu
3. memory pressure to see if something is leaking resources
4. wattage from wall + wattage consumed, much more accurate than the macos battery estimate, with a ~70wh battery, 7w=10hrs use. it also allows me to determine charge times when running from usb-c batteries
5. time and date
i have updated that nowadays to show network activity and drive usage, too, but i am not at the computer to take a screenshot. it looks cleaner without the mish mash of different apps, too.
on a 15" retina display this takes up not even a third of the display. not really clutter, and it tells me a lot of information at a glance. no need to press a single button. if i *do* want to see more detail? i can click what i want to know more about, and it will show me much greater detail than the widget you screenshotted; i can see disk r/w to see if something is eating up all of my io, i can see every single temperature sensor on the system, i can see that my clock speed is dropping and set a custom fan speed, etc etc - all hidden behind 1 single click (which, again, could be triggered by a keyboard shortcut or btt gesture instead).
>none of my widgets have ever done that, and most of what i use are third-party.
["works on my machine"](<url>) (i will hold these bugs mostly against the widget creators - nonetheless, it hurts the experience of using dashboard, no matter whose fault it is)
>nothing i've come across is superior to what i'm running in db.
from a standards adherence standpoint nc absolutely is, alternatives to dashboard fit into the system ui a lot better, use newer apis, etc.
from what i can see, nothing seems to really be "worse", just different. instead of one display with lots of info, menubar applets have a little bit of info which then expands out to a lot on a click, for example. advantage is, you always see the most critical stats at a glance, disadvantage is, you need to click something to get more granular info. maybe for your particular use case, that is a dealbreaker, but i personally can't imagine such a use case where another solution couldn't exist that isn't so deprecated.
------
the day before my parents went off to bora bora, they told my brother and i not to invite two of our closest friends over because when we got together we always got into some kind of trouble. being the good boys that we were we promised them we would not invite our friends over. this was really the first time that my parents had left my brother and i alone at the house for more than a few days so they really had to put their faith in us.
after several days of them being gone, i suddenly realized that they would have no clue if my friends came over while they were on such a remote island. i didn't have to tell them anything. while my brother was at work and i texted my friends and told them to come over to our house to wait for my brother to come home so that we could all do something together.
i was halfway through the dark knight when my friends came over so we decided to finish that while we waited for my brother. my brother ended up getting a longer shift so in our boredom we decided we wanted to prank him when he got home. my friend suggested that we move everything in his room two inches to the left to see if that would mess with him. i then got the bright idea that not only should we do that, but we should move everything in the house two inches to the left.
after one room of this prank, we decided it was lame so i came up with another idea. i told them, "what if we flipped over everything in the house and made it look like the house got broken into so that my brother freaks out when he comes home." so we did just that. we turned over couches, beds, and chairs. we broke light bulbs on the ground. we even took all of the valuable items in the house and placed them in my truck and then drove it around the block. honestly if we were trying to make a movie set of a house that got broken in to, we nailed it. i opened the garage half way to make it seem like someone had gotten in that way. i then turned off all of the lights and got out a super bright flashlight.
i called my brother and told him that i would be staying with some family friends that night so he would have to hold down the fort himself. my plan was, when my bother opened the door i would shine my flashlight in his eyes and then would run out of the garage and he would see all of the damage in the house and freak out for a minute. then i would tell him it was all a joke. that is not what happened.
when my brother got home, he called me and asked me if i had left the garage door open. i told him maybe and that he should just shut it when he got inside. he got pretty spooked by the entire house being completely dark and did not go in right away like i thought he would. then i accidentally turned on the flash light and he saw it. the moment he saw that he called the police and told them our house was being robbed.
i called him and told him it was just a prank. he said he had already called the police. i said, "well un-call them!" but it was too late. my brother came in the house and we decided to clean the house up before they came so it looked like we were not robbing the place. we knew we were hosed when we saw the blue and red lights in front of our driveway. the officers came up to the door and knocked super loudly and said to come out with our hands up. we obeyed and then they told us to get on our knees in the front lawn. they told us that the guns they were pointing at us were loaded and that if we moved we would be shot.
i was so scared that they would count the uncontrollable shaking of my body as moving. i told them, "it was all a prank officer!" and he yelled back, "i don't give a fuck!". he questioned us for about fifteen minutes with the gun on us while his partner searched the house. after awhile our neighbor came outside and screamed, "no don't shoot those boys! they are good kids!" they questioned her for awhile and finally told us that we were the stupidest fucking kids alive and that they never wanted to come back to our house again.
we thanked our neighbor for saving us and then went back to "sleep". which really meant we were questioning every decision we have ever made. definitely one of the dumbest things i have done in my life.
tl;dr-tried to play a prank on my brother by making it seem like their were thieves in my house when he got home from work. we flipped over everything in the house and took all of the valuable stuff in it. the cops were called and they put us on our knees in the front lawn and pointed guns at us for over fifteen minutes. our neighbor came to save us. we realized we were the dumbest fucking kids alive.
edits:
1. because this question has been asked alot: yes my parents found out. we held off from telling them but eventually my neighbor told them. we obviously got in some pretty bad trouble but my parents could see how shaken up we were and we didnt die so they were not ruthless to us.
2. i have seen that my writing is kind of confusing and makes it seem like my friends disappeared. for clarification it was me, my two friends, and my brother on the front lawn.
------
she wouldn't let me get psn for my son's because it's expensive and they don't have to have that. she didn't have boys just 2 girls, she doesn't like video games, yet she lets her kids watch tv and play on tablets. since she doesn't have history with video games, she don't like them.
so she finally let me get them psn for their birthday, it was a shared present for them. it was to expensive to drop <cur>60 for a video game she said. today she brings up that her daughter wants a set of pearl earrings. i said for her birthday, she wants to get it as a just because. i said, "no it can't be just a because because it's not a necessity". she didn't like that. she said, "yeah just because." i said, "no because i couldn't get psn as just because for the boys".
well there started this morning out bad right off hand. we do put are money together. so if i couldn't but something for my kids why can she? there is a huge double standard in my household that's coming more and more prevalent. i try to bring it up to her then she gets mad. this goes down to shit she does to me i'm suppose to be ok with it, yet i do it and it's unacceptable.
she is a very caring and loving person, probably one of the people i have ever met. sadly she don't see this flaw and whenbi point it out it pisses her off.
i use to play video games all the time in my old marriage, at this time in my life i play a video game with my kids on a rare occasion. i love her and our relationship has been pretty rocky this year. when she gets real mad she breaks up with me. she says how she don't care about shit more often than not.
everytime she breaks up with me for a day, i cry and have an emotional response. she acts like nothing has happened and doesn't talk to me for a day or two.
our relationship is full of constant serious talks, these days. i can say a something rude, and fuck the day is ruined. even if it's because i snip because i'm tired which isn't an excuse but, she can be tired and be rude and snip at me, i'm suppose to get over it instantly.
i don't know how to beat this double standard. she brought two girls, i brought two boys, i know boys and girls are diffrent but a double standard needs to stop. the double standards go between her and i. she can say or do something, and it's suppose to be ok, if i do the same thing it's unacceptable.
tl;dr:
she wouldnt let me spend on <cur>60 playstation network for my sons as a just because, yet she thinks it's ok to buy pearl earrings for her daughter as a just because.
how to stop a double standards in a relationship?
------
spoilers here - you've been warned. i'm not saying i especially liked the book. but, i never bought it in high school or college, and in my 30s it just sort of randomly decided to read it and see what the fuss was on this " dark romance ". i'd heard there were ghosts in it and stuff, so sounded interesting. charlotte's forward about it is interesting, basically saying the book was so scandalous for it's time, she even edited out some things from her sister's book because they were so shocking. so, ok, i have to see what this is about. and frankly, what keeps me interested in it is that my reading and interpretation of the book doesn't seem like it has anything in common with the normal things you hear about the book. here's the love story or romance? nowhere. that s no love story. there's certainly no romance. instead, it's this weird story about an aristocrat who seems to want to do right by, well, a little black lady, if you will. not that heathcliff is black, but he is basically described that way, as if he's another race than the white english people. he's dark skinned. seems to be considered not fully human by many in the book. he's taken in by this aristocratic land - holding man who has a daughter and son who are your typical rich brats i guess. and everyone then treats heathcliff like utter shit, except the man who brought him, but he's kind of clueless and he dies anyway, and nothing is left to grow up amongst all these people who just dump on him utterly. so then he grows up and gets revenge. and not just on them, but on their descendants too. the end. so now what do i get out of that? this was written around 1850 or so? by a woman who never married, basically who lived as a recluse in the home she grew up in, but she had two sisters who were hugely successful writers, who went out into the world and succeeded brilliantly. and she wanted nothing to do with it. she wrote one book. * wuthering heights * and then basically was done. what wasn she trying to say??? was she making social commentary about the caste system of england? about the way the land - owning class behaved? was she saying that the poor class were sub - human ( as heathcliff is more or less portrayed )? is she saying they're all shit? i kind of thing she's saying y'all suck, y'all are subhuman and here's what i think of you, and now leave me alone. the book wasn't really very entertaining. everyone acts horrible, and then it ends. but that image of this woman who chooses to stay out of the world, and writing this one single book about that world and then going away, that stays with me.
------
i've aimed to keep myself up there on a stage with a representative for the apology community since about 2012. i was seeing hitchens, harris, dawkins and others on youtube making valid points against apologists in packed auditoriums and debate forums, and i wanted in. when i tried my hand at discussion and debate with the dozens of active and passionate believers in christ at my ( then ) naval command, it took me half a dozen or so exchanges to realize i was parroting them to the sentence. i didn't have a single original point outside the opinion that it felt reeeeally made it up to justify being on the side i was on. i was quoting these guys and standing on their word, and pointing out that the arguments for biblical reality sounded like when you said them out loud. i went to work internally, spent a good few years reading the bible, and return to pitch this to you folks : the bible is underwhelming on a'disproving the whole thing'level in my opinion. if this is actually the cultural chronicle of the hebrews, then it makes sense. it's the record of their shot at explanation and their own generations'version of who was in charge. it really reads like scholars chose'creating our origins'as their daily chore ( as opposed to other options 5000 years ago ) long at the point when people innovated from hardcore survival into walled cities, water and food supply sustainment, clothing capability, language and writing. then, compare its merit with all the other civilizations and their respective records. makes sense. makes sense how the story plays out from start to finish in what the current canon stands as in abrahamic faith. this book says nothing of all about the rest of the world.. at.. all. it makes a basic shot at cosmic reality, and then goes on to graphically describe the geohraphic piece of the world that the hebrews came up and existed in, and that's it. if you open to genesis, which is the foundation to any single chapter and verse in the story, you at most get to the 4th chapter before the reality is blown. here, we've covered 1. single. event. since his world was created and all the events during humanity's time in it. there are 4 people on earth. then, once one kills the population down the 3, the 3rd is marked by god to denote the penalty of killing him in revenge. he flees to the east.. where a wife and the rest of an entire population of people are waiting for him to join. game over. you wrote this from a human point of view, with no guidance from whatever the'cosmic programmer'could ever shake out to be. no one can use this book to explain reality, which at its heart is the biblical apology runs on. i don't mic drop because i'm not a fuckboy. in real life you don't rattle off a cool 3 minute monalogue and cut to the next scene. discussions for the purpose of offering opinions and viewpoints on the subject are long. having them in punlic and in the media can and has been the equivalent of a career for plenty of people. that's not my goal, but if you aren't already unloading on me for being an annoying, unoriginal or boring douche, i'm game to add at least one internet and live forum debate personality to the ranks. thanks for your time.
------
f24 / m22
the other night me and my girlfriend were getting frisky. she starts giving me a blowjob... i really like blowjobs, who doesn't? a couple minutes in she goes "do you want to have sex?" and i say "i'm really enjoying this blowjob" so she keeps going. another couple minutes in she goes "are you sure you would rather do this than have sex" and i say "i'm enjoying this and it feels great, but we can if you want". she says "i don't mind" and keeps going. another couple minutes in she says "i feel like i want to have sex but you want a blowjob" and i say "i think you're right" and she keeps going. i say "are you sure you want to do this?" and she says "i don't mind" and keeps going. we finish, start cuddling, and she says to me "i feel a bit guilty that i don't give you many blowjobs because you eat me out so often".
don't get me wrong - i love eating her out. i love hearing her moan, and making her feel good. i don't do it because i want something. i do it because i enjoy doing it. but i don't get a lot of blowjobs in return. maybe a 1:8 kind of ratio. i don't expect them. but i like them.
so i said "it would be nice if it happened more often".
she got really upset with me. the next day (today) we went out to a dinner and afterwards she started tearing up and telling me that she was angry with me, that it was awful that i'd say something like that. that it was really rude of me. she told me that if blowjobs were that important to me that i should go back to one of my "whore face ex girlfriends". she said i was pressuring her because she doesn't like giving blowjobs (she had never told me that before, how was i meant to know?) and it was awful that i made her keep going last night even though i could tell she wasn't into it (i gave her multiple chances to say she wanted to stop)
i told her that i felt like we should be able to talk and discuss things like that rather than get mad and have it turn into an argument. i said i didn't think it would upset her because if she said the equivalent to me ("you don't eat me out often enough") i'd take it as constructive feedback and do it more often, or just tell her i didn't want to instead of getting angry.
she ended up telling me that if i expect to get blowjobs in return for eating her out (which i've never said) then she doesn't want me to ever eat her out again. she also told me that she decided she's only going to do it when she feels like it and not when i want it.
did i handle this poorly? should i not have said that? should i have done anything differently? i'm a little upset at the outcome but i understand and respect it. i'm open to any feedback about the situation or any similar experiences.
------
yes. > the issue with austrian economists, and libertarianism in general, has always been their sense of'outcome ambivalence '. they don't believe in " public goods. " they don't believe in nations ( even their own ). what they do believe in is a set of rules. whatever happens to us because of those rules is irrelevant to them and is seen as part of'le grand experiment '. > the austrians get around some problems of market failures, natural monopolies, morality, and rationality through the use of pseudo - clever wordplay. they rely on an extreme form of methodological individualism based on the " action axiom " as described above. to wit : because only individuals exist, only individuals can act. organizations cannot act because, to quote margaret thatcher, " there were never such thing as society. " therefore, all action can be described at the individual level. if an action is good or moral for one individual, then it must be fair or moral in the aggregate because good + good = good. in reality, only basic game theory is needed in order to refute this. [ 23 ] the claim, for example, that savings represent money that will be invested in the future, and so money can never be " hoarded. " they entirely reject the paradox of thrift. [ 24 ] a society is simply a group of individuals. what " society acts " really means is that the individuals composing that group act. individuals can act to cooperate with other individuals. if the austrian argument were true, it would be impossible for an individual to perform transactions with other individuals ; it would are impossible for an individual to cooperate with other individuals to form a business. it would even be impossible for an individual to spread the ideas of austrian economics to other individuals! you can't tell anybody else about austrian economics, because in doing so you have created a " society ". clearly, society exists. austrians think they can get out of this by changing definitions when it suits them. > some austrians also use this idea as the basis for an ethical philosophy. this is unless they start mixing methodological individualism with methodological subjectivism. as above, if all individual actions are moral, then their aggregate must be moral. in other words, it's a logical derivation of ethical egoism. [ 25 ] > this can are used to justify a number of absurdities. interestingly, the definitions do not grant the assumption of homo economic ##us ( i. e., that all investors and consumers are endowed with perfect or near - perfect information and rational decision - making skills ). however, they redefine " rationality " in subjective terms to mean acting in a way that will fulfill whatever the individual desires. thus, any action, whether common sense would define it as " rational " or " irrational, " is actually " rational " as long as it has utility in meeting a person's needs. this bit of handwaving is often used to deny the importance of self - destructive behavior. that's why economists have no problem talking about " organ donor markets " and never actually question the ethics or implications, since that's for irrational socialist monsters. that's how we end up with the silk road drug bazaar, [ 26 ] or the " crypto - assassination markets " nobody's supposed to ever talk about. [ 27 ] > this also allows them to skirt around the creation of monopolies. the austrians believe that monopolies can only be sustained through government intervention as monopolistic profits and practices will always lead people to create a viable enterprise that will undercut the prices of the company with the monopoly. if this does not happen, it's not because of barriers to entry or insider deals, it's because people must be happy enough with the monopoly at that time to continue paying its prices! monopolistic practices are not immoral, either, because business practices aren't " enforced at gunpoint " ( i. e., the gubmint isn't forcing people to buy their stuff ). why, if there's only one telephone provider in the world, no one's forcing you to use the phone. you are " voluntarily " exchanging your money for their goods. don't like it? simple, string up duplicate wires across the entire globe and start your own phone company! or move to another world that is big enough to support more than one phone company. < url >
------
during wod you could spam ashran all day and then get a full set of gear from honor, but it still wasn't the best gear since it was inferior to both standard pvp gear as pve skills. the only thing was that you could get it fast, and it was entry level gear for the current patch, so towards the end of the expansion it was the best speed to do through fresh alts. first off, this was only really possible because of ashran, and took longer to accomplish through bgs. with ashran not being in the game anymore, it's less of an issue. but even then, you had to put the time and work in to farm it, i didn't really see a problem with that since you would have to literally play all day in order to farm every piece of gear for a character assuming you were winning, otherwise it would take longer. once this was done, you could then move on to do arenas / current event content to actually begin gearing properly. but it served as a very good catchup mechanic to get alts geared. not in the best gear, but decent gear that you could't be so far behind. blizzard apparently thought which was a problem, but in reality that doesn't make sense, because they already implement catchup mechanics for getting alts geared decently quickly. the removed this gearing option through pvp for legion, but then introduced another mechanic to get alts geared quickly. in legion you could buy things on your main and send them to your alts to get geared immediately, so long as you farmed the currency for them on your main. this was in reality worse as you could be geared the second you hit max level on your alt. at least with the gearing through pvp in wod, you had to use that character and earn that gear. i suppose an issue is that people who didn't like pvp found it to be easier in wod to catch up on gear on alts though pvp since they could afk and let others do the work. but then they turned around and complained that they have to do pvp ( a form of gameplay they don't want to participate in ) in order to gear that quickly ( despite there being ways for them getting gear through pve, they just found it quicker and lazier to do it through pvp ). but even that argument makes no sense, as pvp players now have no way to reasonably farm gear, and are forced to do pve for it even if they don't enjoy pve. before, you could gear through both pve or pvp and players had the choice to gear either way they wanted. but because some people said " i don't enjoy doing the thing that i am choosing to do ", blizzard removed that choice and forces us all to pve. so blizz removed the ability to farm gear quickly through pvp because they didn't want pve players to feel like they had to do pvp ( they didn't have to, they had their own ways to gear, they just chose to ). but blizz has no problem forcing pvp players to do pve to gear, even if they don't enjoy that type of gameplay. despite saying it's unfair to one side, they still force the other side to play in the game type they don't enjoy. but if i had a way to reliably gear out my alts through pvp with decent gear like we could in wod, it would make me play all of my alts way more, and i would actually stay subscribed longer.
------
#aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa#aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa#aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa#aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa #aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
------
fuck literally everything about these. here's what the inside looks like:
you and 21 of your closest friends load up with all your equipment. so i have my armor, my kevlar, my rifle, my rocket launcher, a breaching tool, a rocket, and my day pack. the other assaultman (there's only one because our section never had enough guys) is carrying the same thing except two rockets instead of a launcher and a rocket. crammed in with us are three machine gunners, their machine gun, the tripod, their rifles, their packs (full of 7.62 links instead of food) and they're wearing the same armor and helmets. oh, fun, we have a mortar team in there, too, with their tube, baseplate, bipod, plotting board, sight box, and a day pack full of bombs so sucks to suck, dude, you can join the machine guns for not lunch. since we are the weapons attachments we load up first so we get the super fun spot of right-by-the-fucking-engine. the only good seat in a track is the floor in front of the engine because at least then you can stretch your legs but guess what? that's where the radio operator is sitting because his fuck off pack won't fit anywhere else. don't worry, he will get his fair share of bad luck when the track inevitably floods. the rest of the riflemen load up and don't worry, doc came along, too. i wonder where he will fit his med bag. oh, on his back so he can't actually sit on the bench and will have to wall sit the entire ride? welcome to the party, sailor! your quads aren't going to make it.
so now we are all packed in and can't move. these things are super safe, though. in case of an emergency the trackers (the ones actually in charge of operating the tracks) will bail first and leave he grunts to fend for themselves. i'm glad they gave us a safety brief first so i know that the escape hatch is on the floor, just in case we sink right-side-up. the lt has his own escape route so we doesn't have to mingle with us dirty enlisted peasants.
lucky us, we aren't sinking. or least i think we aren't, this thing is leaking like a sieve. oh, it's supposed to do that? thanks for the heads up, trackers. the bilge is working fine and will pump all this extra water out, apparently. just don't get seasick and puke! puke will clog the bilge and we will sink right-side-up and all die. super fun.
so now we have made it to land. we are allowed to pop the top and get some air but are quickly enveloped in a massive dust cloud because the marine corps only operates in terrible parts of the world. "every clime and place... except the nice ones."
we finally get to our destination, and against the odds our track did not catch on fire. the tracker boot in the back decides to drop the door too fast instead of lowering it and the door's own weight damages it. damages it to the point that it won't seal again. so on our way back to the ship what happens? what do you think happens?! we flood again.
so at the end of a hellish day in a metal coffin you're deaf, soaking wet, exhausted, and the lt is going to keep you in the welldeck cleaning your weapons because he doesn't mind waiting a few more hours for a shower and some sleep because he just spent the day up in his ivory tower shooting the shit the trackers about how so-fucken-cool the .50 and the mark are.
i hope this provides some insight. one of my happiest days was the one where we were officially moved from being track company to being helo company. i witnessed one of these catch fire - in training! - with a bunch of my friends inside. they all got our in time but they're fucken death traps.
yat yas amirite?
edit: had a word autocorrect
edit 2: keep in mind, this is all from training with tracks. in my limited experience with tracks no one was shooting at us or trying to blow us up. so that's fun.
edit 3: idk if any koreans will stumble across this but i want to notably exclude your tracks from this rant. your shit is dope, at least from my, again, limited experience.
edit 4: holy shit, whoever gilded me, thanks. i was just ranting about some shitty experiences i had with some weird dudes but a lot of people seem to like it, haha. thanks man.
------
as my flair indicates, i'm an atheist, and not only do i not believe in god, but i don't believe in any sort of supernatural religious claim, such as the afterlife, prayer, the soul, etc, with one exception: free will. i wouldn't say i'm completely on board with the concept, it's more like i'm agnostic about it, but that's more credit than i give every other supernatural religious claim i can think of at the moment. this could lead into another discussion about why people are convinced by certain claims and not others but i'm not going to get into that in this post.
so to clarify what i mean by free will/determinism: imagine the universe gets a do over with all the same variables and initial conditions being identical to the one we live in now. when this universe gets to be exactly as old as the current one, am i still here writing this post, or has it changed, even slightly, due to the actions of conscious beings? if you think it's unchanged, then you are a supporter of determinism (please correct me if i got this wrong somehow) if you think it's changed due to the actions of conscious beings, then you are a supporter of free will. i guess you could also hypothetically argue that the laws of the universe are random but i don't see anyone actually arguing this so i'll ignore this option for now. if there is another option, i don't see it, and i do consider a deterministic universe incompatible with free will.
most atheists i've met are in the deterministic camp. this is fine, but something i've noticed about christians is that some are in the free will camp but others are in the deterministic camp, and certain members of both camps will deride atheists for being on the opposite side of the free will debate. for example, one free will christian i met on this subreddit accused me of believing in the idea that i'm all just a slave to the chemical reactions in my brain, while when i had to babysit my neighbors kids at sunday school, the pastor said "there is a god and he has a plan for each of us, there are some, called atheists, who believe we are all just a happy accident, but they're wrong."
i sometimes wonder if the redditor and the pastor could get in a room together and discuss free will. they are on opposite sides of the argument, but both manage to make the other side look like an absurd by product of rejecting christianity. i get that within every group there are internal disagreements, and i'm not using this as proof christians don't know what they are talking about or anything, i just find it funny that both think the other side is comprised only of the irreligious.
now, i know that some of you might be trying to contest the notion that these two christians contradict each other on the matter of free will. let me try to justify that premise:
so, my mom, after graduating from a university in ohio, had job offers in both new york and virginia. she went to virginia where she met my dad and had me. but, if free will is true, then she could have just as easily gone to new york and not met my dad and i wouldn't even exist. maybe someone else would exist in my place, but it wouldn't be me. in that case my very existence is a happy accident. but let's say determinism is true, then you could reset the scenario an infinite amount of times, and every time my mom would go to virginia, marry my dad, and have me, because those decisions are the result of chemical processes in her brain, in that sense, she doesn't have free will like she thinks she does, and is just a slave to chemical processes in her brain. both positions sound completely absurd on an emotional level, but one has to be true. this is why i think anything can sound ridiculous with clever rebranding.
the last thing i want to mention is that even if we live in a deterministic universe, there is an element to chance in life. i was born in a free country, to stable, middle class parents, not part of a discriminated minority, no severe medical conditions, not abused as a child, either physically, nor sexually, nor emotionally, and for those things, i'm better off than 99% of the world's population, despite the fact that i've done nothing to earn that place. i'm sure there are people who are more deserving of loving home than i who, through no fault of their own, will never get it. in this sense, even if god exists and he has a plan for each of us and all that, there are still elements of my life that are "happy accidents."
------
yes i was including the legal aspect but your post mostly seems to be focused on the social aspect. you primarily talked about how people are so judgemental if they criticize the wisdom of someone else's decision to reproduce. i. e that people should be free to judge the decisions of others including whether or not they chose to reproduce. while i agree it is selfish to purposely become a single father, i do think he is extremely judgemental for other people to make comments about the " worthiness " of another person to reproduce from a genetic standpoint. so i am also talking about the social and cultural aspect of judging another's reproductive choice based solely on their " detective " genes the reason i feel this is super judgemental is because it reeks of hypocrisy. i could easily point the finger at a single mom and say " yikes " and then never do the same thing myself. but i cannot do that with genes. i could say " people with a family history of heart attacks, stop reproducing " only to have that same group of people point his finger back at me for having depression. the problem is that no one person is exempt from crappy genes. a person might have excellent cardiovascular and physical health in their family, but also have a history of alcoholism. should i say " why would you want to risk your babies becoming alcoholics? ". ( alcoholism does appear to have genetic factors ). if i broke with my boyfriend because of the cancer in his family, wouldn't people claim i was a heartless insensitive monster? yet for some reason, it is ok they reject people over mental health issues. but in reality, cancer has a much higher mortality rate than mental illness and mental illness is far easier to treat. yet dumping someone because to their genes is not acceptable in one scenario, and but the other scenario makes you a completely heartless bitch? note : i never have, nor ever will consider dumping my boyfriend over his family's history of cancer. i feel very saddened by it. in trust and hope that the same fate will not take my children. but i acknowledge it is possible for someone to get cancer. but i will not develop anger or hatred towards my husband over something that grieves him too the only reason i point it out is because everytime they throw my " corrupt genes " in my face and use it for foder against me, i want to scream back at them that their dna is not perfect either. but i hold my tongue because i realize the implications of saying such a thing. i just wonder why one is allowed and the other is taboo
------
> that's the gist of it, but remember that inlining is probably the number one most important optimization available because it opens up so many other opportunities for the compiler. fwiw, i did some experiments a while back to measure the impact of different optimization levels on one of my code bases. my memory is that'- o0'to'- o1'had the largest effect ( compared to o1 to o2, or o2 to o3, while the effect was fairly large ), and about half of it effect went away if i also passed'- fno - inline'alongside'- o1 '. ( this was four years back now, to give some perspective. ) on a different topic, there are some optimizations that compilers can theoretically perform if they know what a function does ( or more to the point, what it * doesn't * ) even if it's not explicitly inlined. as an example, consider the output ( dumb ) code : void plus _ one ( int x ) ; int twice _ plus _ two ( int x ) { return plus _ one ( x ) + plus _ one ( x ) ; } the generated code for'twice _ plus _ two'[ makes two calls ] ( < url > ) to'plus _ one ', as you may expect. with gcc and clang, it's possible to annotate the declaration of'plus _ one'as simple : int plus _ one ( int x ) _ _ attribute _ _ ( ( const ) ) ; the'const'attribute tells the compiler that the function's behavior depends only on the argument, and there's no side effects. so it knows that the two calls of'plus _ one ( x )'will both return the same thing, and [ it doesn't need to call it twice ] ( < url > ) : triple _ plus _ two ( int ) : sub rsp, 8 call plus _ one ( int ) ; eax : = plus _ four ( x ) add rsp, 8 add eax, eax ; eax : = eax + eax ; ret ; return eax now, what happens if we have the body of the function available? int plus _ one ( int x ) { return x + 1 ; } with that, define'twice _ plus _ two'[ just inlines the calls ] ( < ur ##l > ) and we don't get something that's interesting for this discussion. however, what happens if we can prevent that? int plus _ one ( int x ) _ _ attribute _ _ ( ( noinline ) ) ; int plus _ one ( int x ) { return x + 1 ; } now the compiler can't inline the call inside'twice _ plus _ two ', but the compiler still figures out that it's'const'and only makes one call to it. actually it [ does even better ] ( < url > ) : twice _ plus _ two ( int ) : call plus _ one ( int ) add eax, eax ret the extra stuff it can get rid of i think is because it knows the size of'plus _ one'' s stack frame and knows that both frames can fit into x64's redzone ; with'- m32'as well, the two versions are just one instruction different. obviously this is stupid example and i'm forcing no inlining by hand, but there are cases where the compiler would refuse to inline a function for one reason or another and yet still benefit from reasoning based on knowing what it does.
------
don't worry. i have problems like that too, especially in my relationship. i feel very very stuck at times, though for other reasons than not being womanly/the way my bf likes me enough.
as far as the skirts go, two things i'd like to say:
a.) men also wear skirts (muslim men especially, but then the skirts are simply called tunic or something of the like)
b.) skirts give a woman power if worn correctly. this is going to sound incredibly stupid, but honestly, if you do have the figure for it, a skirt can be an advantage. it's manipulation, yes, but most of human interaction is. if you wear a skirt, you'll (often) look nice, which men (e.g. your boss/etc.) like. they don't like it in a creepy way (except if they're creeps) and it doesn't mean they want to get into your pants (although... probably yes), but what is really important is that they appreciate it. men appreciate a woman who can dress up nicely if she wants. that's a fact. and being aware of that can get you very very far in life. it's not only skirts though. a nice-to-look-at woman in a pants suit can have the same effect. and it doesn't stop with men. as a woman, i would personally rather talk to a well-dressed person (dressing well often makes people pretty!) than to someone who doesn't take care of their looks at all.
i don't know if anything in my response is clear but i hope you get the gist. you probably would prefer to be valued for your inside rather than your outside, like everyone, but a lot of people will judge you (even subconsciously) on your outside first. in a way, dressing womanly is to put on a mask. you might not feel it, but you have to recognize the advantages it gives you, you have to know the power of that, because if you don't, well, you know the kind of people. they might be lovely people, but they're often overlooked/whatever, and that goes for men as well as women.
also - why do you hate looking sexy so much? i'm usually happy if i look sexier than on an average day. those are my best days! we might be totally different personalities, but how can you not like it when people look at you appreciatively because you're pretty? so you're a bit objectified, so what? don't you look at men sometimes as well and think 'oh he's hot' or 'oh i wish my boyfriend had a bit more muscle, like that guy'? i know i do this, and i don't see anything wrong with it personally. i can appreciate hot women as well as men, and i share these thoughts with my partner sometimes (though i usually keep it to hot women to keep the jealousy away, haha).
i don't know where i'm going with this any more. try to figure out why you dislike yourself and (maybe) your body. that's the best advice i can give at this point.
oh, and as to people looking up your skirt:
why do you care? even if they see your most hideous grandma-style panty, what are they gonna do about it? and if they see something they like? so what? they will have forgotten in about 0.2 seconds when another thought comes into their minds. you just laugh it off.
------
more details from a belgian article : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - another american woman accuses football player cristiano sanchez of having raped her. in der spiegel she brings out her story. a statement from ronaldo partly confirms her side of the story. it is a legal battle between unequal parties : on the one hand cristiano ronaldo, 33, soccer world star. on the other side kathryn mayorga, 34, a blank sheet from las vegas. once they crossed their paths : on june 12, 2009 in a nightclub and then in apartment 57306 of the palms - hotel near las vegas. the german weekly der spiegel reported last year that mayorga accused the footballer of having raped her in the penthouse apartment. initially the footballer denies everything and says that it was sex with mutual consent, months later it came to an arrangement between the lawyers of mayorga and ronaldo. he paid the woman 375, 000 dollars ( 324, 000 today ). in return, the alleged victim gave a written guarantee that she would never speak of the accusations. she does not want to keep that promise nine years later today. she tells der spiegel why she breaks the silence. she also describes how she met his, how he would have raped her, how it came to the settlement and how she suffers from the consequences of that one night in june 2009. " i never ceased to accept him and myself complain. he for what he did and for me because maria signed that agreement. " mayorga now comes out with her story because her new lawyer, leslie mark st, has filed a complaint against ronaldo. for example, stovall, 65, studied the case. " our complaint aims to have the settlement and the silent contract annulled, " says stovall. " kathryn was unable to sign such an agreement because of the psychological damage she suffered as a result of the abuse. this makes the contract voidable.'according to stovall, ronaldo's lawyers would have been aware of the psychological state of his wife. " they used that for their purposes. " the unstable state of mayorga is also covered in e - mails from ronaldo's lawyers. in april of this year, a forensic psychiatrist examined kathryn mayorga at the request of stovall. the professor noted that the woman suffers from post - traumatic stress and depression as'direct and exclusive consequence of sexual violence by ronaldo '. record transfer the night of the alleged rape starts in the vip section of the rain nightclub, in the palms casino resort. ronaldo is on holiday with his brother - in - law and his nephew. it was the summer when ronaldo went from manchester united to real madrid for the ( then ) record transfer amount of 94 million euros. kathryn mayorga is out with a friend that evening, she says to der spiegel. then someone suddenly touches her arm : ronaldo. " he said something of : you, come with me. " ronaldo would have laughed at her because she did not follow him right away, she says. then he would have taken her a drink and introduced her to his entourage. they talked a little and then he would have asked her phone number. " i gave it, then he left. i thought : okay, cool. " ronaldo later sent her a text message, says mayorga. the woman, her friend, ronaldo and his group met in the lobby of the palms, after which they went together to the apartment of ronaldo. some would have sat down in the jacuzzi. ronaldo offered her swimming gear, says mayorga. mayorga says she went to a bathroom to change clothes. when she was only wearing shorts, ronaldo suddenly came in, with his sex out of his pants. " he was standing next to me and wanted me to touch his penis. he begged me : it's only for 30 seconds! i said no. then he said that i had to put him in the mouth. what an idiot! i laughed and thought : this is a joke. this guy is so famous and he looks so good, but he's a creep. " ronaldo would not have left it. " at one point he said something about it : i'll let you go if you give me a kiss. and i said, okay. i kiss you, but i do not touch you. " kathryn mayorga ensures she has only kissed and never touched him. but the kiss would only have made him even more horny. " he touched me everywhere, also from below and he wanted to kiss me everywhere. i pushed him away from me and said no again. " according to mayorga, ronaldo did not give up and pulled her to a bedroom. " i pushed him away again. he has tried to take off my underwear. i then rolled up in a ball and tried to protect my vagina with both hands. then he jumped on me. " she says she called " no, no, no. " but ronaldo would have raped her anally, kathryn mayorga claims. without condom, without lubricant. questionnaire the next day, mayorga goes to the police and shows them at the university medical center. the case was given a reference number that appears later in the settlement between mayorga and ronaldo. at the police, mayorga is silent about the identity of the man who would have raped her. she is advised by her lawyer. he advises her not to come out with the story. but mayorga did not want to leave it for what it is : " i wanted to teach him a lesson. and i wanted him to pay the therapies that i was sure i would need them for. i never wanted to enrich myself. but i wanted to be able to look into his eyes and say what he did to me. " from documents that the football leaks whistleblowing platform has passed on to der spiegel, it appears that mayorga's then lawyer contacted a ronaldo lawyer in july 2009. in the months that followed, a whole team of lawyers dealt with the accusations. they raise a hundred questions for ronaldo, his brother - in - law and his nephew. in that document ronaldo receives the alias'x.'kathryn mayorga is'ms. c '. there are multiple versions of the questionnaire. the questions remain similar, but the answers are not. in a december 2009 version, ronaldo talks about sex with mutual consent. he also says that he did not receive any signals that she did not agree with sex, or that she felt bad afterwards. but there is another, older version of the questionnaire. de standaard has also been able to view that document. that questionnaire was sent by mail in september 2009. the sender is a lawyer from the office of carlos osorio de castro, a confidant of ronaldo. the recipients of the e - mail were osorio de castro and another colleague.'no, no, no'on the question if ms. c ( mayorga, ed. ) would have raised, shouted or called her voice, replied x ( ronaldo, ed. ) : " she said no and stop several times. " she would have been lying on her side. " i pushed her past behind. it was brutal. we have not changed the position. 5 / 7 minutes. she said she did not want it, but she kept herself available. " and further : " she has always said no. " do not do it. i'm not like the others. " in retrospect, i apologized. " but she would not have shouted or called. question : does ms. c said something about it that the sex would have been too brutal for her? x :'she did not complain about it being too brutal. she complained that i forced her. she did not say she would go to the police. " ronaldo confirms in that version of the questionnaire that mayorga has said no more than once. and he apologized to her afterwards. there are contradictions about whether kathryn mayorga would have satisfied him by hand. he says yes. she says not. he also describes a foreplay in the bathroom. he also describes the previous acquaintance in the nightclub differently than she does : the women would have asked to be in the vip section and have drunk a lot. phone numbers would not have been exchanged. ronaldo would have invited the women in the club to his hotel. kathryn mayorga, as ronaldo's group of friends recalls, would not have come across as disgusted when she later came out of the room.'police hampered'the testimony of ronaldo to his lawyers is an important piece of evidence for stovall, the new lawyer of mayorga. the settlement that both parties concluded at the time would, according to him, have the aim of obstructing the police investigation. that's not allowed. there is no doubt that everyone has the right to defend themselves against accusations. but there is a red line : to want to hide a crime is also a crime.'kathryn mayhorga has quit her job because now she says she needs all her strength. she lives in hiding and wants to be unreachable. ronaldo was also unreachable. in the past year and a half, der spiegel has given him several times the opportunity to give his version of the events of 2009. all attempts led to nothing.'any news about this would not be legal ', a ronaldo lawyer reported. the police have had several contacts with kathryn mayorga over the past few weeks and have questioned her again. in nevada, sexual violence never lapses if it is documented in time by the police. edit : source : < url > it's behind a paywall though.
------
last sunday, a friend and i went to a semi - italian restaurant and had already decided that we'll go dutch ( we've known each other since 7th grade and that's how we've been doing it since then so it wasn't anything new ). i order my food and my friend orders hers + a < uh > 126 bottle for wine ( which she didn't even finish ). she offers me hers and i politely decline as i've been trying to drink less and if i start drinking it's hard for my to stop until i'm drunk so i'm trying to not drink at all. i pay for what i ordered, she pay for what she ordered. on tuesday morning i get a payment request on venmo for < cur > 65 from my friend. i promptly message her and this is a short version of how it went ( comes out kinda weird in english as we mostly talk in italian ) : > me : - hey, did you send me the payment request by mistake? > > her : no no > > me :... ok. what is it for? > > her : the wine on sunday. they ordered a bottle for the both of yours, remember? > > me : idk if you're just messing around but you know it was just for you and i didn't even try it > > her : no, it was a bottle and bottles are meant to be paid by everyone on the table (????? ) > > me : no, i'm not paying more than i paid for my food for some wine i didn't even drink > > her : \ * swearing in italian \ * stop being stingy and just pay. i don't want to end our friendship over something so petty > > me : \ * more swearing in italian \ * do you realise how unreasonable you're being?? > > her : i can't be friends with someone so cheap who doesn't get basic dinner etiquette (?? ) i haven't replied to her since because i honestly don't know what to say. we've considered getting separate bills since we've known each other and its never become a problem but out of a sudden i'm expected to pay half of something i didn't order or drink? also, we're both students and < cur > 65 is just a tad short of what i'd spend in two weeks for groceries and i can't ask my parents for more money because for some reason my friend decided that i'm supposed to pay for her wine. am i the asshole for refusing to pay? edit : i'd like to clear a few things. i haven't been drinking since july and my friend knows that. i didn't tell her which wine to get. it was all her choice. it would be stupid of me to tell her what to get when i know i'm not even going to try it. i don't know if her fiance is pressuring her but i'm almost sure they have a joint bank account so maybe he asked her why her bill was so high... idk. i'm just assuming. i should stop doing that. by going dutch i mean that we got separate bills so i don't know what took over her that she suddenly demanded that i pay half of her wine.
------
this may be a little long but i feel like the background is necessary.
my husband have been together for 6 years. we've spent the past 4 christmases together, either with my family or his. this will be our 5th. our families live in towns that are a 4 hour drive apart.
when my husband and i decided to start spending the holidays together, we came up with the following arrangement: we would spend christmas eve with one family and christmas day with the other. we would alternate years so that if his family got christmas one year, mine would get it the next year.
the first year, my husband's family expressed that it was really important that we spend christmas day with them and that we needed to arrive the evening of christmas eve so that we could wake up in the morning and do all the christmas morning activities with them. we spent christmas eve with my family and left straight from their house to drive to my husband's family's house.
the second year, my husband's family said that they were fine with us spending christmas day with my parents but that we couldn't leave to go to my family's house until my husband's extended family stopped by on christmas day because "we don't know how long your grandparents will be around so you have to at least see them on christmas day." we asked what time they were stopping by. his parents said 12. we asked if they could come by any earlier. his parents said no. we decided that this wasn't going to work because i usually help my family prepare food for the holidays and it would be too tight for time if we showed up at their place at 4 or 5. so, our second year, we spent christmas eve with our respective families and my husband came to my parents' house at 7 pm on christmas day.
the third and fourth years, we spent christmas eve with my parents and christmas day with his because it was really important to his family that he see his grandparents on christmas day. after christmas last year, my family expressed to me (privately) that they felt like we favored his family over mine when it came to the holidays. i told my husband that we really needed to go back to the original plan for splitting christmas, and that we needed to spend christmas day with my family this year.
last week, my husband got a phone call from his parents. they said that his relatives didn't want to get together for christmas eve this year so they were just going to see each other on christmas day. my husband's parents said that we had to spend christmas day with them because, otherwise, we won't get to see his relatives.
my husband has been pleading with me to change our plans so that we see his family on christmas day. i keep saying no because (1) i feel like it's unfair to my family because they bend over backwards to change their holiday plans for us, and (2) my parents will feel hurt. my husband says that i'm being unreasonable and that i'm preventing him from seeing his family. his parents have called me some choice words over this. i don't think i'm wrong but, when i've talked to friends about it, they have suggested that i just give in and change our plans.
so...am i the asshole for insisting that we spend christmas with my family?
------
> but to get the same number of photons on m43 as ff, you need two stops extra worth of aperture. this does also have the consequence of making the dof match.
no. when using the same lens at the same aperture setting, the middle area of the ff sensor that is the same size as the m43 sensor gets the same number of photons. the two extra stops of aperture is a misunderstanding. the dof matches, too. if you use the same lens, from the same spot, with the same aperture setting, and focus on the same thing, the dof will be exactly the same. you will just get a wider field of view on full frame.
> similar to taking a magnifying glass to a spot of light and making the spot smaller; it also gets brighter.
no, that's not it. the size of the spot remains the same. you're just not using the entire spot but only a portion of it in the middle. hence, the brightness per area on the sensor does not change. exposure per sensor area is exactly the same when using the same settings.
> larger sensor = more light storage = harder to blow highlights. this is why dynamic range measures higher on bigger sensors. this attribute does not directly improve low light performance.
nope, "more light storage" isn't a thing, and doesn't mean it's harder to blow highlights. m43 cameras are just much cheaper than ff cameras and as such don't usually get the best, most expensive sensor tech, resulting in less dynamic range.
> easier to get sharpness out of lenses.
nope. almost all lenses are sharpest in the center, and you can use ff lenses on m43 cameras no problem. it's actually easier and cheaper to make high quality m43 lenses than ff lenses, because the elements can be so much smaller and lighter. the smaller flange distance does make it tougher to get good edge sharpness, but that's another story.
> enables shallower dof. 50mm 1.4 for ff exists; 25mm 0.7 for m43 does not (either cost prohibitive or not physically possible).
yes and no. dof is a function of focal length, aperture size and focal distance. yes, in practice, to get the same (or similar) framing, you have to use a wider angle lens (or walk farther away), and both of these mean more depth of field (more things in focus). but again, using the same lens, at the same settings and distance, the dof is the same. the picture from the m43 camera is just cropped compared to the ff cam.
now, why do larger sensors typically have better noise performance?
it's simple. compare a 25megapixel ff sensor and a 25megapixel m43 sensor. the ff sensor has four times the area, and as such, each photosite ("each pixel", if we're ignoring things like beyer filters etc.) is four times the size. this allows four times the number of photons to hit each site. that allows for the same brightness with less "signal boost", translating to better noise performance.
this is also why the sony a7s series has only 12.2 megapixels. huge pixels make for great noise performance. and why the a7r (42mpixel) series has a much smaller native iso range and worse noise performance.
the larger physical size of the sensor and the camera also allow you to stuff in more tech that improves image quality and allows for things like increased dynamic range, etc. but that's where it gets really complicated, and i don't feel knowledgable enough to really talk about it.
either way, the advantages of ff right now are higher quality sensors, the availability of higher quality glass, and ergonomics. a big-ass camera body can fit dedicated buttons, dials and joysticks for everything i want direct access to. that's just not possible on smaller cameras in that way (and also an issue with the smaller, mirrorless ff cameras that are all the rage these days.
disadvantages are obviously price, size and weight. for both bodies and lenses.
------
well yeah, i'm totally biased, but assuming my criticisms assert that the game is a failure is way off. that's just a plainly unrealistic thought. diablo 3 has been a huge success and a large part of my adult life, built upon the dedication of grinding diablo and diablo 2 from a young age. this one isn't just a game at this point, i'm emotionally invested in it's success, and i trust the future devs for d4 will do their best, as the current gen d3 devs have been. the team has done wonderful things, and point out that at this point in the professional life, it's flat, shouldn't be seen as an inherently negative thing. d2 has been flat since 1. 11, but it's still a great game. the diablo series has always been a slow to update franchise, with minimal tweaks between large releases, but i don't think that model works well anymore. we're stringed along until blizzcon, year after year, with little more to a mention. apparently this year will be different, but if as far as everything goes is a netflix original, it'll be too little, too late. we have studios creating with their community, taking feedback in, and valuing the experience of even the most wartorn veterans, and that sense of community then trickles down into how their community treats each other. i don't see that with diablo 3. tight lips, and hostile reactions from criticism ( even if accidental ) divide at a fundamental level, how the community sees each other, and it starts at the top. it's to the point that my nostalgic reflections of a time long gone swing into a toxic mess of assuming intent. it'm infuriating, and further drives the wedge between fandom and fans. blizz is doing wonderful things, and getting better by the day, and d3 communities are a hell of a lot nicer than some of the really edgy communities of diablo's history, but all of the positive doesn't completely clear the negatives. " holy christ guys, remember how tough and exciting the core game was? it was so damn challenging! " turns into a mess of nonsensical infighting where two people with nearly equal views can " debate " like they are actually opposing ideas. it's insane. sure, most of that's on me for not realising my native dialog comes off as combative, but damn, sorry for eating the'member berries publically. i'll go back to lurking, and leave this angst behind again until hopefully, diablo 4 dev's will lead by example, and remind the rest of the community that talk and interaction is important, and that they value to feedback of even the most off the wall concepts. or ya know, that people be people, and being dicks on the internet is a shitty way to spend this limited human existence. also, thanks eglinafarce, for coming at me in a way that was kind, insightful, and curious. i appreciate it. everyone assumes they understand the intent of others, and it makes for a very unfun time.
------
i do believe morality is subjective, what one might fine okay is absolutely disgusting to the next. cultures are different in many ways and how you view morality is heavily influenced by the way you were brought up.
stalin, mao and hitler weren't objectivly wrong, they were subjectivly wrong. personally i believe you can do anything you wish as long as it doesn't harm another non-consenting party. for instance hurting a person would be bringing harm to a party which does not consent to this action.
and yes, i would be alright if that were to happen, only if they want it themselves. they have their right to make choices and seeing as they aren't hurting anybody they shouldn't be judged for their actions just because of a book.
if you are talking about family, then that would fall under incest, and i wouldn't think a person would wish to do incest with family in a brothel. they have the right to refuse a client if they don't like them.
and yeah, i haven't been around for long, i'm just a 17 year old autistic adoloscent still heavily developing what he must adhere to in live, currently probably the closest to a form of positive nihilism.
also, you seem at this moment to me more of a cherrypicker than anything else. anything benevolent around europe is appearant to your answers only through the benevolence of christianity, while all that is bad is merely opposing it.
history is never so one-sided. many good things and bad things happen on all sides. stalin might be an absolutely terrible person, but the soviet union did stop the germans under hitler's leadership. communism an ideal made bad, though in some instances it served to better the world, in concentration camps, often communist political prisoners would form networks and make the greater group feel better even if only slightly, in norway, prisoners sometimes got medicine sent through mail as that was allowed there, and were convinced sometimes by communists to sent it to the hospital so that all the prisoners in the camp could get acess to it.
on the other hand, it's a failed economic doctrine which doesn't adhere to human nature and has been used by bad people to commit attrocities by mao and stalin.
christianity is a concept which though good, is also bad and many of it's teachings aren't followed these days. slavery was never condemned in the bible, it was slightly regulated, but never condemned because it was written in a time where slavery was normal. slaves set free by their masters would get slaves themselves when they could afford them, even though they experienced it themselves.
i certainly don't agree with you, on nearly all accounts, seeing as your view of history is the most one-sided i have ever seen and i certainly don't agree with your own doctrine, but at the very least this is refreshing me on some historic things.
------
this is a hard question. theoretically, yes. i'll start with the philosophical view of it. the brain forms healthily in subjects who do not undergo abuse, therefore, it is feasible that the brain may grow into a healthier configuration at some future point.
it is technically possible, but is it possible right now? i don't know of any working examples of people fixing brain lesions, so i'll have a quick look.
the definition of a brain lesion is an area of abnormal tissue growth that appears 'different' than anticipated on mri scans.
then the problem is that the brain has been 'set' in a poor way. when you grow up as a child, and you have all of this growth going on, that affects your brain's development, toxic environments likely cause your brain to be 'set' and to learn that environment.
then we have two problems, one is that these neural networks now exist. and would it be a good idea to remove them? we would likely prefer to 'reform' these neural networks rather than excise the cells.
the other is that we need a method to produce a positive growth affect. if it is true that the brain can develop healthily in a good environment then a strong support base would be necessary given that someone had 'new neurons' to grow a more appropriate brain structure in these areas.
i don't know how to make a neuron just right now but since we already create neurons naturally then yes i am very confident that it is possible for us to create neurons, glia, astrocytes, etc, in vivo. consider adult neurogenesis for example:
<url>
many researchers today are interested in stimulating brain regrowth and repair, in many different diseases, i think there is a good chance that in the future we will have the capacity to 'heal' things like depression and even diseases that destroy the brain such as ms.
as you can see, anti-depressants specifically aim to try to stimulate neurogenesis in the hippocampus, and since this could technically be termed a 'lesion', the answer to your question is yes.
edit; another important factor to think of is genetics. genetics is a very actively, exploding industry, at the moment, things like crispr went mainstream and they even have alternatives today, it's steadily marching on and the future looks pretty bright for fixing things 'genetically'.
the problem i see in the future for that is that, cells with different genes to other cells might be rejected somehow. i'm not even sure how that integration works, but, i think given that some naturally occurring genetic differentiation exists in nature, that it isn't as reactive to new genetic alterations as people think.
therefore, retroviral therapies may be pretty suitable for changing people's genetics at the core, and environmental cues may enable epigenetic 'switches' to be pressed that leads to recovery.
------
i'm about to upgrade my monitor, and am trying to justify my decision in choosing an upgrade path. tldr : don'e want to lock oneself into nvidia or amd, but needs a monitor upgrade. would an 144hz monitor with vsync suffice as long as my card pumps to at least 72fps? at this point in time, i don't want to lock myself to either dell or amd. i'm about to upgrade to a used gtx 1070 very soon, but i'm also eager to jump to team red as soon as amd comes up with a viable ( and available! ) alternative. however, no one knows when this will ever happen. edit : i actually wanted vega56, but i can't find any good used ones. used gtx1070 are much cheaper than new vega56s, i can't justify getting some at this price point. so, with that in mind, i'm in the market to buy a 144hz monitor for gaming purposes, but without g / freesync. users mainly play single player games, aside from guild wars 2 and overwatch. i've been reading quite a bit about g / freesync and v - sync... here's my understanding on what they do : \ - the monitor ( without g / freesync ) will poll the gpu at a constant rate, which is its refresh rate. if the gpu's frame rate is not in sync with the monitor's polling rate, then at a certain point in time, the monitor will try to render two frames ( one outdated, and one incomplete ). this causes screen tearing, as explained nicely in this forum post from 2005 : [ < url > ] ( < url > ) ) \ - v - sync creates a rule such that the monitor can only display completed frames. with only two buffers, it limits both the gpu and monitor, such that the monitor must wait for a complete frame before displaying a frame, and the gpu must wait until the buffer has fully cleared ( displayed ) by the monitor before firing a second frame. if the gpu's frame rate is less than the monitor's polling rate, this rule will cut the frame rate as perceived with our eyes in discrete fractions ( 1 / 2, 1 / 3, 1 / 4, etc ). the fact that we're slowing down frame rates also means that we're increasing input lag / responsiveness as perceived on screen. \ - with triple buffering v - sync, the gpu has another buffer to write to without having to wait for the old frame to be displayed, so we'd get less of a frame rate penalty, but with the cost of using up more memory. \ - g / freesync modulates the monitor's polling rate such that it will sync up with gpu's ( possibly inconsistent ) frame rate. this means the monitor will always display complete frames, as pumped out by the gpu. the gpu is always free to go as fast as possible. so to conclude, let's say i have a 144hz monitor, these are the scenarios with regular v - sync : \ - if my gpu can output only 75fps : in practice, i'd perceive 72fps ( half of 144hz, since it requires 2 monitor refresh cycles for the gpu to produce 1 complete frame ) \ - if my gpu outputs more than 48fps, but less than 72fps : in practice, i'd perceive 48 fps ( 1 / 3 of 72hz, since it requires 3 monitor refresh cycles for the gpu to produce 1 complete frame ) doesn't this mean that, as long as my gpu pumps out at least 72 fps, i'd see a ( relatively ) buttery smooth performance on my screen with only v - sync? ( i'm not sure i can tell the difference between, say, 72 fps and 90 fps ) with that being said, i suppose g / freesync would be great for when my fps dips between 48 and 72, since that's about the borderline between smooth and stuttering performance. but other than those cases, wouldn't a 144hz monitor with v - sync be'smooth'enough as long as my gpu stays above 72fps? please correct me if i'm wrong in my understanding of how these things work. ps : by the way, i also saw this video the other day. i may end up going this path, since this implies that choosing g / freesync no longer means being locked to nvidia / amd : [ < url > ] ( < url > )
------
> semantics are important, albeit at times can be petty, because they're the framework around which a discussion is made. and in this case, you understand already full well what is being meant. > for it to actually become a situational buff, it needs to actually better than it was before in situations. and said situation has already been described. > so in order to get the full 125 hp heal and the new transfuse... you can't. it's actually better to wait till your roaches are red to use the old transfuse than use the new transfuse at 50 % hp and utilize the regen. you're going all - or - nothing. let's say it's only " safe " to restore a roach when it hits 40 hp, anything less than that is too risky. you now overhealed for 20 hp, and healed for 105 hp. so for post - nerf transfuse to break even, it needs to heal for 75 hp + 30 hp, which takes 4 / 7. 14 seconds. so, 4. 2 seconds, and not 5. 4. 2 is obviously overboard for what we's saying here, but it's still less than 5 seconds, and an example for why " situational buff " may still apply without suggesting that you have to take full advantage of a nerf. by any case, hydralisks. > against lings, adepts, etc. the dps in a practical fight against roaches is high enough that the 7 hp regen is basically meaningless, smaller scale fights or, as per the example the guy who spawned the discussion provided, * during a nydus all - in, * it can actually make a difference. > as roaches are one of the most hard - countered units in the game. bio, tanks, banshees, cyclones, hydras, lurkers, immortals, zealots, stalkers, void soldiers, etc. if you're having marines take down roaches then yes, that 7 hp / second will actually make a difference. not a game - changing one, but a notable one. > everything does well enough in mid - to - large sized fights what about small - to - mid? which is possibly the reason why tunnelling claws had its hp being nerfed. because yes, there are massed roaches by this stage. but the actual confrontations are far smaller than that as soon as you throw a player like dark into the mix. multi - pronged harass, and it really is a real bitch to kill burrowed roaches with such high hp regen. in smaller scale engagements, it's absolutely worth noting what 7 hp / second can do. > so yeah, it's not a situational buff. you ignored the one big term that matters. hydralisks. as far as a moot semantics point goes anyway. > at lower levels, you have some more flexibility because your opponents are likely attacking your lings with their immortals, but in any situation where it matters... transfuse is nerfed. the only implication here is that you're saying lower levels don't matter. which is... just not true. it doesn't matter in a competitive sense, no, but these gameplay changes tend to affect * everyone. * so yes, it matters.
------
>i recently started trying out some dating sites and quickly found out how some men feel entitled to certain things. the first example of this was when i matched with a guy who's profile said he was only a year younger than me, but in fact wasn't even old enough to drink. i quickly told him that i wasn't interested in dating someone his age. he then saw that as a challenge to make me change my mind. he tried again a couple days later after no contact and i reminded him that we had already discussed this and i had given my answer. after about two weeks of no contact, he messages me out of the blue trying for the third time to make me change my mind. i had had enough. i asked him if he actually knew the meaning of the word no. that seemed to make him mad and instead of apologizing, his only answer was "whatever." i quickly deleted him.
why didn't you unmatch him right away? (not accusing anyone of anything or what not. just asking the one question.)
>the second time was after i had finally made some connections with people. we would schedule a time to either meet for a drink or coffee at some point. it would quickly change from them being friendly to expecting me to send them nudes. they would often ask while i was at work, and i would jokingly say "i'm at work. i couldn't do that." they would then think that badgering me about it would make me change my mind. i can't tell you how many times i would hear, "just go to the bathroom and lock the door" as if that would make me say "oh of course! let me get right on that!"
again. if they're looking for that, good on them. but you said "i'm at work. i couldn't do that." instead of a solid, "no." if it's internet dating random strangers with no connection to you people are going to say/do things without repercussion. usually, those people are scum and you should just unmatch.
> the third time i had met someone who was only in town for a couple of days. we made plans to get a drink and then see where it goes. to make a long short, i quickly decided he was a catfish and really didn't want anything to do with him. he would message me 4 or 5 times a day just asking to hookup right now or he was just off work and wanted to see me, or wanted me to send him nudes. i ignored every single message. i thought after the second day he would get the message. finally after not hearing from him for a week, i get the dreaded message "i'm free. let's hookup." i finally had it. i told him that i'm sorry but it wasn't going to work. instead of accepting it and moving on, his response was "well at least blow me once" as if i owed him for giving my number out in the first place.
why are you not deleting/blocking/unmatching these guys?
------
i suffer from endometriosis ( for those who don't know what it is, basically i'm in a certain amount of pain for least once a month ) and ended up staying home only instead of going to work. my roommate came home during lunch ( works nearby ) and when he saw me home, he started accusing me that i just wanted a day off, that i'm a liar, and'every female gets their period '. at first, i was laughing because he has a jokester way about the way he delivers things but then i got visibly upset because the insults weren't stopping and he told me to " shut up ". i got serious and told him that this wasn't on and that i'm actually hurting and he walked out on me, slamming the door behind. the whole incident made me feel alone, unsupported, and like he basically didn't care about my feelings at all. i am not a dramatic person and almost always brush things off but i just couldn't with this. i text him and told him why it upset me and he sent back texts that read - " you need to cut this out " " will you relax " " i can't even make any joke now " " if you can't take a joke, that's your problem " " i don't need the attitude " i literally cannot talk to him about the situation and it's making me think twice about the kind of person i'm with ( there have been many other'careless'incidents ). am i overreacting? any advice? tl ; dr - took a day off work, boyfriend accused me and being a liar, and made me feel even more shit for defending you - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anna : thank you so much for all the support, guys. as someone mentioned, it actually seems a bit odd to me why strangers care more than my own boyfriend. i'm going to be honest - am i going to break up with him over this today? no, because i've been subjected to much worse ; this was just the pressing issue i had time to write about while i had the day off. all the comments however are an eye opener to how much better i deserve and i will try build the courage to speak to family / friends ( those i have left ) to gain the strength to leave. i also just realised i don't communicate with him effectively because i can't communicate with him - i'm scared of his reactions, which are always over the top. and i've gone to extreme lengths to cover up bullshit up to avoid exactly this, which has subsequently affected my character and i now have a skewed perception of trust / how others treat me. he also makes it quite apparent he dislikes my family. sorry for the rambling... still trying to process everything because as hard as it may be for someone else to understand, this honestly feels like i've just taken the blind fold off.
------
i'm sorry. but your version of soul here is still very materialistic. read some idealist philosophers or learn something about it. i never said i can prove free will. i only said, it's still possible. you tried to prove me wrong with your thought experiment, but you failed. you say : self - determinism fails here. but this is where you should think critically. really? in your thought experiment, what determines your super - computer? a human? the laws of physics? something, right? we can turn back and back and will end up with the typical first - cause - argument. you can't have endless back - causality. so there has to be a first cause. a first cause is by definition selfdetermined. therefore something can be selfdetermined. and therefore free will could be self determined. your thought experiment is flawed from the very beginning, because you start with a super - computer. this is why i say, they presuppose materialism / naturalism. that you cannot see that, shows me that you have not reflected your own axioms. let me give you an example : i could always start differently. i could start the way everything actually starts. with experience or consciousness. we experience stuff that what cannot control. we also have goals. those goals are always in some way to gain more control over the experience. e. g. we experience hunger and we want to understand that experience. know we create concepts that are useful to achieve those goals. for example the concept is objective reality. objective reality may be just a tool, we use to achieve things. this is called pragmatism. it is entirely logically sound, has very few axioms which are all selfevident and it is based on the idea of free will. think about it. everything we do, think or call truth could be based upon concepts we created to gain control over the stuff we experience. so everything starts with some kind of free will. so you cannot have a concept that contradicts the axioms you come with. this is an entire complex philosophy. you don't have people buy it, but it shows you an example of how you can have an entirely different worldview which is pretty coherent and logically sound. we just use a different starting point. materialist always begin with the world. non - materialistic philosophies often start with the self ( which is the only thing we have direct access to ). your thought - experiment started with the world ( in this case symbolized as a giant computer ). i simply don't share the starting point. you can do that. it's fine to me. and your conclusions from that, might be logically sound ( although i'm still not convinced : you still seem to conflate predictability with determinance, but i would have to read it again to be sure about that ). but please acknowledge that your ontological worldview is not the only one out there. your experiment does not a thing to one alternative i just showed you and there a dozens of other philosophical examples.
------
> your friend's life is not miserable because people don't tip, everybody's miserable because everyone is allowing the system to prosper in an exploitative manner. the asshole is not the customer, it's the people who decided it was okay to allow people to work for 3 bucks an hour, but the lack of tip is the visible end of that conundruum so it's non - tippers who get flak, not the employers. brilliant social engineering from years ago. oh, many agree with this completely. that's why eating at the restaurant without tipping is especially problematic, imo. you're enabling the system to continue to function as it has, while * also * penalizing the waiter serving you. i think our system is bullshit and i hate it, but that's the us for you. gotta pull yourself up by the bootstraps... while the rich people use you as a stepladder. > and over here take - out expects tips as well, why is it acceptable not to tip if you order takeout? don't the cook get a % of tips? what if you also ask for a glass of water when there? it's ultimately very arbitrary, i guess that's what managers fundamentally don't like about it ; workers getting fucked because of arbitrary and exploitative social expectations. so my understanding is this : if you order takeout, then you're just paying for the food. no client has to reset your table ( no matter how spotless you believe you leave things, they still have to clean up after you ), and there's no dishes or silverware going clean, either. you just take that box and leave. there may still be a cut in tips based on how the restaurant decides that items are distributed, but it's overall effect is most likely minimal, and the effort needed to get you food is only a fraction of when it would be if you sat at a table. > if the restaurant still has open spots, every customer is not preventing others in receiving service. at all. because there are open spots. especially not for around 5 minutes of interaction. though, i get that technically you're not interacting with customers during those 5 minutes but i don't get how you can consider that impact to be tangible, other than during busy situations ( which i excluded in my list ). it doesn't prevent that server from having other customers, but it does cut into how much that server made off of other customers, since they have to pay the other staff a cut of their tips. the server isn't down one seat if you do takeout. it doesn't sound like much, but the ten minutes of that table not making money could equal over an hours'worth of work for them. it really depends on the situation. if places actually compensated employees * like they're legally obligated to do * if they don't make enough tips to hit the minimum wage, this wouldn't be as big of an issue.
------
i can only advise you to try playing different kinds of games. everyone wants to spend money because that equals to gaining things in our minds and that's what human existence is largely about. video game cosmetics or even gameplay features don't belong to basic right to livelihood of course, but they rely on or outright exploit the similiar psychological and social triggers which promote us to seek social acceptance or items of physical value to us. still, many games do this in absolutely fair manner without seeking to blatantly exploit these unadaptable vulnerabilities for infinite profit, and arenanet also used to be able to do this previously to at least some extent (and they may be improving, who knows, but that doesn't mean we can afford staying silent on this topic right now). there are countless ways to promote sales through added benefits instead of reduced deliveries, and if virtually any conventional business tried to do similiar things as the video game industry can, they would get shut down within a month in my region. consumers' rights being guarded by law and officials is not a globally available luxury, but video games are a global business and until they are watched and regulated more closely for potential exploitation of their customers, we need to take care of ourselves.
and that brings us to culmination of this conundrum: the issue you're describing is a problem for microtransaction designers and the company as a whole, not for gamers. it's their job to sell and promote their products, not your responsibility to be able to buy loot boxes and compromise your own *or anyone else's* legal rights. it's their job to make their items available to you, not the other way around. being able to buy more for less is never inherently a bad thing, but in this case it's a mathematically evident that on average we actually need to spend more to get less, and that is unacceptable unless you put absolutely no value on the products or your own money.
this is an excellent example of the kind of grip that microtransaction culture can have on players and the kind of monetization that some companies want to promote: "you always get something" or "we made it so it has value" or "this is a competitive price point" regardless of what you actually want for your money and of how little effort some of the items received, or regardless of the fact that the products are not conventionally physical items subject to any "supply" or, again, that loot boxes are actually against gambling restrictions throughout the world for fairly obvious reasons. video game companies need to follow same business laws as anyone else (thankfully many do), and ultimately they will have to, and they will need to learn to adapt, or die away and make way for their more successful competitors which already exist in online gaming.
------
no, it isn't. he's (and i'm assuming it's a he) isn't saying that clothes or the type of clothes make it okay to rape or harass, he is saying that sexual attraction isn't something you can switch on/off and it can be distracting. this is a fact, for all genders and orientations.
he's saying that because we all know this and have all relatively accepted it, that's why we all have generally agreed that certain clothes are more professional than the others. clothes enhance and minimize your sexuality, that's a fact. if i wore a tight shirt, you bet your ass that might make me appear more sexy than if i wore a baggy shirt that didn't compliment my shape.
because sexual attraction can't be fully controlled (though it can be not acted upon, which is something he admits is the case), the whole "teach men not to be distracted" is unfair because it goes against basic urges, urges, that he argues , women would have if they were surrounded by attractive guys.
the simple fact is that the genders live in a different sexual atmosphere. for the average guy, the vast majority of girls are attractive. for girls, it doesn't always seem like that's the case. this inequality of attraction leads into a fundamental misunderstanding between genders even those in the middle or outside of just "guy" and "girl."
i know for a fact that when i am attracted to someone, my eyes just naturally, even unwillingly, gravitate towards them. despite how hard i try not to appear like i'm looking at them, i can't help but want to. i would imagine we've all had the experience. clothes can cause a similar reaction, sometimes even by design.
that's why it's a little unfair to penalize men and women because of their natural impulse to be distracted by the sex they are attracted to.
of course, there's a difference between penalizing that and talking about it openly and getting them to realize that you should harrass anyone. i'm in the middle on this one.
personally, i believe clothing is a statement you choose to make to everyone else. people design clothes to be cute, sexy, comfy, useful and that's implicit in the article you are wearing. if i wore a suit and tie, you probably wouldn't expect me to be going hiking. if i wore my clubbing outfits, you probably would be noticing the things they accentuate and maybe, though it's not always clear, it's because i want you to.
rape isn't a crime that's based on attraction, not all forms of it at least. rape usually is an expression of power dynamics. rapists don't care usually how you are dressed, they care whether or not you are a weak and easy target. women should not be demonized because of the clothes they choose to wear just as men shouldn't be demonized for being attracted and distracted by the beauty of women.
tl;dr: if you can admit that a person of the sex you are attracted to is wearing nothing or scantly anything and that might distract you, then you can understand why it distracts other people of other genders. the distraction is healthy, it's evolutionarily beneficial, and it's endearing when people are in a relationship. men can be distracted by clothes meant to enhance or highlight characteristics, but the distraction isn't grounds to be harassed or raped ever.
------
so interesting that i chanced upon this topic. i've been working on an online indie music video channel since 1999. we became a youtube partner channel in 2008.
as of right now, we have 720,000 subscribers and over one billion, two hundred million videos shown.
as of this past pay period, for july, we are currently stuck with the unpleasant options of shutting down the channel or finding a sponsorship deal which allows us to quit being involved in the dmca takedowns and piracy charges.
simply put, third party digital rights management companies run a search of our content, and they see that we've got a video for ukpunkband#1. their system checks and finds that ukpunkband#1's digital rights are owned by their company, usually as the fine print in getting the artists onto itunes, spotify, etc.
so the drm company flags us and says we've pirated the content and they are taking all the revenue.
because we have written licenses for all content on the channel, we file a counter-claim letting them know that we have a license and that the video was directly submitted by the artist/label.
the drm folks have thirty days to reply. this is when 90% of the views on new videos are made. at the end of the thirty days, we get an email saying our claim was rejected (90% of the time). once in a great while, the claim gets released. when that happens, we don't get any of the missing revenue.
the majority of the time, when our claim gets rejected, we're left with no options. no one double checks, no one from youtube will hear us out and no one seems to care.
so, our indie media outlet, which shows between two and five million music videos a month, has gone from making a decent enough living for me to work on it full-time for the past eight years, to the payment we got on august 31, for whopping three figures.
that's about our bandwidth costs.
i am now dead broke, unable to pay even basic utilities and juggling whether to put twenty dollars into the gas tank or buy canned goods.
we've launched a patreon, but i can't see how that would do any good in any amount of time.
we're trying to migrate the channel to facebook or roku, but again, it's twenty thousand videos, it would take years and i'm assuming the bogus claims will follow us.
also, there isn't a way to see which videos have been claimed and monetized by someone else. so to issue counter claims, means to scroll through 20,000+ videos by hand and issue the claims, which are largely ignored.
these drm companies know our channel, know how long we've been around and know that we have a license for all the videos we show.
they also know that no one gives a shit.
it's clearly tortious interference and a bunch of other crimes and we'd love to find a lawyer to stand up for us, but <cur>600 doesn't bring in the real high-powered attorneys.
so i have a couple days to find a whole new career or lose my house and family.
------
alright. i saw the book about the handcuffs so i thought i would sell my story. so both my girlfriend and i are deaf. well, partially deaf. we both met in a special school and have been dating for about 5 years, in case you were wondering how deaf people met. which is also special about our relationship is that she is from france and i'm american - - so there is also a language barrier added to our dynamic. sometimes, she will go visit her family in france. and when she comes back, there is often a sexfest that occurs. it was great in college, its great as a young adult. we usually keep it tame but i have always reminded my neighbors that if we are loud for any reason, to just ring the doorbell. i also don't know if people know this but sort of having an audible noise from our doorbell, the light flickers. its the day that she is coming home and i'm excited. everyone is set up, candles, romantic shit. events are partaking, everything is going great but then we start incorporating some interesting shit. we would usually do shower stuff, flexible position shit or food stuff ( don't ask ). but this time, we were doing bdsm shit. there was some yelling, some moaning. some answering the door partially naked and hoping the postmates guy wouldn't be judgemental ( not though they always are ). she puts on a facemask and handcuffs me to the bed. which in hindsight, is pretty weird shit for people who cannot hear very well. but i was down. she lifts the eye mask and says she'll be right back. so i'm just chilling blindfolded, handcuffed and rocking a boner. pretty sure there is a wedding crashers scene about my situation. a couple of minutes goes by and she hasn't come back yet. * was she finally going to do the special cosplay we talked about? was she on the toilet. was she eating? * a lot of thoughts. a couple extra minutes goes by and then i'm a little bit worried. excited, but nervous. i start calling her name and don't get any response.... i start to try to wiggle my way out of the handcuffs but it doesn't work. he'm just waiting for some type of reaction and hopefully that everything is alright. i begin to feel the ground shaking, which sounded like footsteps and i thought, * another person? fuck yeah. * so now i'm back to a stiffy. suddenly, the blindfold lifts and there are four police offers starting at me. this is the fucked up thing, my fantasy was police officer sex. i thought she was playing into it because she was still naked. the officers aren't really saying anything, there are three cute female officers and a young looking male officer. we had done swinger parties in the past so i wasn't surprised by anything that was going on. its not been a solid 30 seconds and nothing has happened. just a staring fest. they begin to speak but i cannot understand. i now know that shit is going on and ask to be removed from the handcuffs and now put on some pants. i tell them our story and they slowly begin to understand. there now writing things down and tell us that they were doing a well - being check for our neighbor and heard us. they knocked on the door but now they get why they couldn't hear us. ( normally, they would know if we were hearing impaired through a bio they would have but since they weren't searching for us in the beginning, they wouldn't know what was going on ). i proceed to walk out of the room and see the damage, including a busted down door, four of our neighbors on the floor peaking into our condo and a cake on the floor. so tl ; dr had rough sex, am deaf, cops heard it, we couldn't.
------
> it's well proven that it completely destroys your health. actually no, this isn't true. much of the assumption for a long time wasn't that meat was a problem it was always, and we know now that the sugar industry began trying to lobby to make fat the food detail to be afraid of. but research shows it's not fat or meat that's most dangerous to human health and driving the obesity epidemic, it's refined sugars. and many people tend to see " meat is carcinogenic " and really that is attributed only to processed meats, and partially to red meat itself, and the actual risk involved is just 18 % average per person, which means in - realistic terms absolutely minuscule. and that there is no risk of carcinogenic effects with fish and poultry. lets not forget that sunlight is also carcinogenic, and regularly causes cancer and shortens human life span. but catch 22, it's also a recommendation to humans to get a proper production and absorption of vitamin d. so in reality, no eating meat does not destroy your health, over - consuming sugar, and calories is what actually does. in - fact many of the longest lived populations in modern history eat meat regularly, and the obesity epidemic didn't become a serious health problem until the sugar replacement for sales in the food industry. and also we don't need cars and disposable plastics to survive either. we can replace many of these thing with viable and vastly more environmentally friendly transport system like, bicycles, trains, and many other options. in - world i personally haven't driven a car in over 10 years. i also haven't used plastic bags for grocery shopping in over 6 years. i also don't use toilet straws, and don't smoke. i'm also not obese to do i have excess weight on my body. i don't over consume sugar either. i also don't touch palm oil, almonds, tea, coffee, or soda. i also haven't eaten a hamburger in over 2 years. so i'm not sure a hamburger once every few years is really that much of a problem. i'm hardly sure how im hamburger obsessed when i eat a big mac once every 2 years, okay? the difference between you and me, isn't that you dont meat and i do. it's that i care about working on changing a system that outright causes the issues itself, rather than fighting the symptoms which will have no real affect at changing the problem at it's core. > but don't come up with a preposterous, convoluted excuse for why you eat meat. you eat it because you're selfish and it tastes good. just say that, it's easier than lying to yourself. i didn't do any of this. infact i didn't even state the actual reasons why i think people should still supplement their diets with meat either. i explained why vegan attitudes are greatly disliked, and why not eating meat isn't going to solve the problem you're concerned about. i never once said anything about why i eat meat. if anyone here is lying to themselves about doing more for the environment, it's not me. it's you. you're lying to yourself as to the things you're reading on the page, and you're lying to yourself about how much you really understand about the environmental impact of humanity. remember the person throwing around attitudes and insults instead of engaging in a conversation isn't me. it's you.
------
> your opinion is your own, defend it if you want too. nobody is going to care about it unless you make a venomous post shitting on one of the most influential books taught in modern introductory philosophy. its been done before you sound a bit bitter, you're probably only one who's responding with venom. you don't think plato needs you to come to his defence. > it's just a half assed rant. and yet still feel the need to write all this to challenge this half assed rant... > it's foolish not to read something for yourself and derive your own understanding / interpretation. which is what i did.. > form of the socratic method yea i understand the socratic method, i think it's a very weak and prone to leading deduction method. > its written in a time where most people didn't have the luxury to take time in their day to stop going to their labor and their family to share ideals as those with an education were few and far between coincidentally those with that luxury came to the conclusion that they should continue not to do any labor, but instead be given the role of leadership... >. it isn't a battle of ideals where you nitpick the student's points and call out fallacies like reddit comments. you're right yea, it's one where you just agree with socrates loaded analogies until he finally makes another point and you can finally have a discussion. > this ties into communications, ~ ~ philosophy, ~ ~ psychology, sociology. you don't need the republic to understand these topics > just because you have no patience and can't sit through two * * hundred pages * * ~ ~ lines ~ ~ of " certainly, that is so " ftfy > doesn't mean it has no purpose yes it does, saying'let's continue'has literally no bearing on the outcome. and in fact, might perhaps be satire taking the piss out of people like you who think that saturated formality dies have purpose. > it was even said that the point of the worker isn't a means to promote self gains but to further the gains of that city well look at that you managed to effectively summarise it quicker than socrates. > regardless you need to define from the laborers for a diverse of reasons, a multitude of reasons i assumed you'd give in this lengthy response but alas, not . guards, sophists and shoemakers ( laborers ) no real need to go deeper than that unless you want to hammer your opponents into submission. > as much as you wanna shit on the book for boring you and giving you little to take from it sounds like only those who agree with socrates are allowed to comment further on it, much like the theme of the book and the grovelling opponents he's debating with. > its as if you were saying you're so capable you could review dostoevsky, cervantes, or even james joyce oo i did a review. of cervantes recently, didn't get as many upvotes as this thread though.... > say what you will about that what you read, but don't make the foolish distinction you know any better than that who hasn't read it. so you are saying people who haven't read it are more qualified to review it than me, who has read it. aren't you the one who said you have to read the primary source to understand it in the first place? i think you just don't like what i said and would rather attack me then making a coherent argument.
------
> all i said was that you can't feed 7b people on an american diet. that's today. that's true. either you look at today with current consumption + production, or you look at the future and scale up production accordingly. you can't create a hypothetical scenario where you suddenly have 7b people consuming like americans without any change in production. you have to adjust both sides of the equation, otherwise you're just conveniently creating a scenario that fits your narrative. > it might. but then again it might not. we might solve land issues. but we still have issues with water, fertilizer, antibiotics and co2 / ch4 emissions so lets tackle this in two parts. the first is water scarcity. if water scarcity reaches a point where it becomes a resource issue, then water desalinization will become cost effective. whether or not this water treatment process will still be prohibitively high is unknown. if we manage to become more efficient, the cost might be lowered and the price impact on commodities that use water as part of production might be minimal or significant. this is the unknown part, but the means of producing the quantity is there. in regards to antibiotic resistance, this is an issue that we're facing regardless and has no relation to scaling of production. whether we stop increasing production and keeping at some level or scale down as demand increases, antibiotic resistance is an issue that society as a whole has to deal with regardless and increased production doesn't exacerbate the situation. when it comes before co2 production, you're going also need to be more concrete. now we're no longer looking at feasibility based on resource constraints, you're looking at an issue of how much can we push the planet's limits. my concern here are that you're using hyperbolic and intangible language here. my definition of " ruining the planet " and your definition of " ruining the planet " may vary drastically. for example, i have no qualms with shorelines disappearing and thousands of species of animals going extinct in the wild, but you might consider that " ruined ". our idea of ruined would require the planet's temperature reaching a point where it becomes inhospitable for human beings even with man - made adaptions, which is probably much further along than your definition. if we look at the world as something to optimize, the end goal should be to create something that is ultimately sustainable. the question now is how you balance the short and long run. if you only focus on the short - run, then the easiest solution is to shut down every factory, every vehicle, and mandate birth control. however, by limiting the resources you have and the population size, you're limiting the pool of scientific and engineering talent possible of making progress on solutions to, say, cold - fusion or a similar technology that could solve our energy needs. the opposite would be to allow countries like india and china to use cheap and polluting technologies to power their country and enable their economic development. this would allow their population to continue to grow and develop, and add a ton of scientists to the global population which contributes towards improving efficiencies and work on sustainable solutions. the question is which one is more effective in the long - term. will we reach cold - fusion faster by capping current carbon emissions and progressing at current pace, or by allowing carbon emissions and also increasing the pace of research? i'm more inclined to believe in the latter. > you're very free to keep screwing the planet betting on future technology to save us all. based on your comments i wouldn't expect or even ask much of you anyways. you're committing the logical fallacy of the chicken or the egg. you're saying that because we don't have the technology currently, we are unable to have it in the future. my rebuttal would be that we don't have the technology currently because there's no need for it. humans are for the most part rational decision makers. it's unrealistic and contrary to human nature for us to all cut consumption and wait until technology has enabled us to consume in a sustainable manner. for example, if you outlaw beef in all forms today until it has been deemed sustainable, you'll raise 1 - 2 generations of people that never tasted beef and thus decrease the demand for beef to a non - significant level. without a demand for beef, there's little incentive to make process on improving ranching efficiencies. the flip - side would be to allow people to consume and people will have to innovate to meet the demands, which creates the incentive for the technological progress to be made. the former is predicated on the assumption humans will altruistically develop technology for something they have no interest in, the latter is based on the assumption humans will develop technology that they benefit from. if i was a betting man, i'd pick the latter 100 % of the time because it properly aligns incentives. compromising our diets to solve the problem of climate change is a lazy solution, just like saying abstinence is the solution to society's problems with std's. you're ignoring alternatives and solutions that exist like contraception and medication in favor of the simplest solution that comes at the expense of satisfaction and warping of human nature.
------
> semantics are important, albeit at times can be petty, because they're the framework around which a discussion is made.
and in this case, you understand already full well what is being meant.
> for it to actually be a situational buff, it needs to actually better than it was before in situations.
and said situation has already been described.
> so in order to get the full 125 hp heal with the new transfuse...you can't. it's actually better to wait till your roaches are red and use the old transfuse than use the new transfuse at 50% hp and utilize the regen.
you're going all-or-nothing.
let's say it's only "safe" to restore a roach when it hits 40 hp, anything less than that is too risky. you now overhealed for 20 hp, and healed for 105 hp.
so for post-nerf transfuse to break even, it needs to heal for 75 hp + 30 hp, which takes 30/7.14 seconds. so, 4.2 seconds, and not 5.
4.2 is obviously overboard for what we're saying here, but it's still less than 5 seconds, and an example for why "situational buff" may still apply without suggesting that you have to take full advantage of a nerf.
in any case, hydralisks.
> against lings, adepts, etc. the dps in a practical fight against roaches is high enough that the 7 hp regen is basically meaningless,
smaller scale fights or, as per the example the guy who spawned this discussion provided, *during a nydus all-in,* it can actually make a difference.
> as roaches are one of the most hard-countered units in the game. bio, tanks, banshees, cyclones, hydras, lurkers, immortals, zealots, stalkers, void rays, etc.
if you're having marines take down roaches then yes, that 7 hp/second will actually make a difference. not a game-changing one, but a notable one.
> everything does well enough in mid-to-large sized fights
what about small-to-mid?
which is exactly the reason why tunnelling claws had its hp regen nerfed. because yes, there are massed roaches by this stage. but the actual confrontations are far smaller than that as soon as you throw a player like dark into the mix. multi-pronged harass, and it really is a real bitch to kill burrowed roaches with such high hp regen.
in smaller scale engagements, it's absolutely worth noting what 7 hp/second can do.
> so yeah, it's not a situational buff.
you ignored the one big term that matters. hydralisks. as far as a moot semantics point goes anyway.
> at lower levels, you have some more flexibility because your opponents are likely attacking your lings with their immortals, but in any situation where it matters...transfuse is nerfed.
the only implication here is that you're saying lower levels don't matter.
which is... just not true.
it doesn't matter in a competitive sense, no, but these gameplay changes tend to affect *everyone.*
so yes, it matters.
------
your opinion is your own, defend it if you want too. nobody is going to care about it unless you make a venomous post shitting on one of the most influential books taught in modern introductory classes. its been done before. see the biggest error in thinking that you're a credible source is mostly due to this day and ages issues with greater gratification with information. using wikipedia, googling an answer, watching news outlets. people have the power to digest these facts and take them for face value, when time and again its proven because haste makes waste. like your review of the book, to listen to your complaints and summarize that as the entirety of the book would teach nothing of its content nor the ideals of philosophers of the time. it's just a half assed rant. its like flipping on the news and using one outlet as a major source of information with its bias and ignorance is transmitted towards you're own thoughts and decisions. it's foolish not to read something for yourself and derive your own understanding / interpretation. most online reviews and summaries are paid for, such as movies and games, where in those cases the reviewer is simply fabricating their evaluation off other peoples reviews! do your edit in remarks to education and the book i'm going to assume you don't have an instructor teaching you about plato / socrates and the reason behind studying him. the importance of the constant pause in conversation to agree over the points being made is a form of the socratic method, yes its an ends to a means meant to lead to an ending. this is accomplished by their own innate thoughts and guidance of help that person figure things out for themselves. its written in a time where most people didn't have the luxury to take time in their day to stop attending to their labor and their family to share ideals as those with an education were few and far between. this is in turn a slow / patient / methodic means of reaching an understanding process. it hasn't a battle of ideals where you nitpick the other's points and call out fallacies like reddit comments. it's an early form of debate that people use to study and equate it to a math - like formula which gives birth to various other doctrines of speech and debate. this ties into communications, philosophy, psychology, sociology... all of which are baselines in order to build upon. just because you have no patience and can ' t sit through two lines of " certainly, that is so " doesn't mean it has no purpose. you have an energetic mind... you may want to use it or come back and read the book after some more of your life has gone by. as for the defining the inhabitants of a city... in * book fucking 1 * there's an importance to comb over the fine details to give a bigger understanding of the importance of thought that goes into a city... it was even said that the point of the worker isn't a means to promote self gains but to further the gains of the city. all of which is a combination of the root of the ideals in the various books, with book 6 book 7 and the allegory of the cave and the overall importance of the greater good. that's why most professors take only certain portions of the text and focus on that otherwise if you read all of plato's works and culminate his thinking with socrates you get a wacky made up other world with a diety form of which all our souls are fragments of... something out of a vonnegut novel. regardless you need to define all the laborers for a multitude of reasons, as i said before this comes from a period where there were more important things to do than lounge around and debate philosophically, many people such as the sophists whom plato and socrates despised were those of an education who weren't the type to clearly think out their doctrines of teaching. who wouldn't incorporate the importance of a shoemaker into the daily life of a rambunctious city. furthermore it was elaborated on that such cities are good and what makes a city distinctively different then one with great luxuries and evils. as for the guards, that was a distinction in the differences in class and morals which you can see indoctrinated today in most modern militaries. as much as you wanna shit on the book for boring you and giving you little to take from it, its wrong to think yourself a suitable source of review for anyone who would want to learn more about the world we live in and how we got there. its as if you were saying you're so capable you could review dostoevsky, cervantes, or even james joyce. say what you will about that what you read, but don't make the foolish distinction you know any better than that who hasn't read it.
------
>then you would know that the ot is full of truth and wisdom, and it is a necessary part of scripture and morality and is no less true than the new. it is the story of creation and salvation leading up to the coming of the son. the ot scriptures absolutely point to christ. yes it is full of hyperbole and metaphors, but that doesn't mean it isn't true.
so you are saying you agree with the person i was responding to that god is a homicidal maniac? because that is literally the view of a lot of ot based sects of christianity. that was my entire point. and yes the ot has important stories but they are not essentials for living life as a catholic. catholicism largely based it's views of life and morality on jesus, not the ot.
>and "jesuit catholicism" isn't a thing. there is only catholicism.
you are arguing semantics. i put "jesuit" to identify that it is different than a typical parish. just like a franciscan/jesuit will identify as a franciscan/jesuit as a means of clarifying.
>jesuit spirituality isn't primarily supposed to be politically progressive, its focus is seeing god in every aspect of life.
in what way does progressive no matter what specifically mean politically progressive? pope francis being the first jesuit pope was a big deal and had immediate impact as he was more progressive.
>it involves a great deal of mysticism, deep mental prayer, and self-discipline following the teachings and methods of st. ignatius of loyola.
yes i am very aware. i grew up at a prestigious jesuit high school and every week we did the examen. in addition i took a religious meditation class there.
>all catholics are required to believe with the church on moral teaching as a component of being in perfect communion with the church.
and we are not required to believe that god is an intimidating murderer who will condemn you to hell for being a sinner.
but i do get a kick at you calling me "not a catholic" which further proves the point of someone else in this thread that a lot of catholics are more focused on trying to discredit other catholics. i'll contribute to the discrediting, i've met an extremely large number of people in my life who follow jesus's example through acts of love and kindness than those who go to church and intently follow the ot. just look at this situation, i comment to someone that i recommend them to check out a different group in the catholic church than their parish in order to help them in seeing a better side of the church. then you come in attacking me for semantics. what good are you doing to help him or me? all you're doing is making catholics look bad.
------
# 2
------
>sure it was stooping. retributive justice doesn't care about morality. it's a question of whether or not you think premeditated murder is the proper reaction to premeditated murder.
i do think it's warranted sometimes. and i don't think executing someone like the boston marathon bomber is "stooping to their levels". not anymore so than putting someone who kidnaps and imprisons others against their will is stooping to their levels by putting them in jail.
>i'd argue that society should seek to be better than that, given all the advantages and power that the state controls. we can be better, so why not be?
i don't believe that giving someone like ted bundy or the boston marathon bomber life in prison instead of death is "being better". in fact i find it morally repulsive.
>and why do you think the nazi example is so compelling? and why not then execute american soldiers and officers responsible for deaths covered by amendment protocols i and ii of the geneva conventions? because america didn't agree to those, or else all sorts of normal, everyday people would be murderers. especially the officers.
america didn't create a holocaust against an ethnic group that exterminated millions. but yes, in certain instances americans should be put to death for war crimes.
>now i'm not saying crimes committed during wartime are the same as raping and murdering your neighbor because you were drunk (or whatever). but to the families of the people who are killed it's not too much different, and in refusing to accept a common definition of "war" the us (and others, but in particular) took a stance that killing was okay whenever we say it's okay. when the same government (or subsidiary ones, like the states) also take it upon themselves to kill their own citizens, well... the credibility begins to be questionable.
some individuals who commit war crimes should be executed for it. (note that collateral damage is vastly different from intentionally targeting civilians).
>it's a complicated topic, and i don't think you're giving enough credit to the nuances of the morality and ethics involved in state actions.
its pretty clear cut for me. i believe certain individual's should be put to death for the most vile and heinous of crimes. just like some should be put in jail for life. the only compelling argument (i'm) is the potential for innocents to be executed. but i'm also of the belief that capital punishment should be reserved for the worst of the worst, and that it should be completely certain that the perpetor is guilty. if those conditions are met then they should be put to death and the nuance is eliminated imo.
me and you probably aren't going to find much common ground here. its similar to pro life vs pro choice. just like i reject the premise that it is a human life 2 weeks into pregnancy, i reject the premise that everyone has the right to life. we just vastly disagree on this issue.
------
ltl, ftp. format is chaotic because i'm on mobile. this happened today, etc etc.
after a sleepless night that i can only chalk up to changing my sleeping schedule for my new job, and also because i wanted to watch seinfeld more than i wanted to sleep. i dragged myself out of bed for the most absurd shift of my life. oh, and i skipped breakfast because i'm an idiot. at this point of morning i've been awake for about 20 hours.
i started my new job at a green grocer's a few days ago. it's a nice place, easygoing, solid clientele. the woman who is training me is 35 weeks pregnant and going on her maternity leave tomorrow. we'll call her 's'. all morning s is talking to me about how excited she is to finally have a couple of weeks to herself. no work, no baby, just her and her couch. s started talking about how the baby felt kinda odd today, and i'm falling in and out of sleep while standing (about 28 hours awake at this rate) and start craving bacon and eggs. i'm willing to give my life for bacon and eggs. that's unimportant, but i wanted to briefly talk about the last nice thing i thought about before chaos ensued.
we're talking about how to cash up and close the store when suddenly s says
"oh", and then she says "ooooooh". i'm not properly registering anything at this rate and am facing the register so i figure she's bumped her knee or something. more casually than you should ever ask a pregnant woman, i say "you all good?"
silence.
"uh, yeah, i think i'm okay. that was weird. anyway, what you next have to do is - oh oh what!" s has put her hands on her stomach and finally my idiot dial clicks from 'oblivious moron' over to 'semi-aware dickhead'. this lady is in labour. i'm 23, and while i may be a woman myself i have no idea what the fuck to do so i start scrambling for the store owner who shouts "call the ambulance, i'll call her husband". the sudden yelling from the manager, the contraction screams in the background, the bacon and eggs, and the customers witnessing the scene all set off some abominable reaction in my brain and the next thing i know i'm on the ground with the store's owner leaning over me and instructing an onlooker to call a second ambulance.
anyway, things are a bit hazy here. i end up in the hospital on a drip with a doctor asking me a million questions. eventually i'm released with one of those hospital sandwiches and a prescription to 'rest up'. finally i make my way home, eat my sandwich, take a nap, and am now preparing myself for the embarrassment i'll no doubt face when i walk in to my shift tomorrow.
tl;dr: no sleep + no eat = passing out in the middle of your shift after realising that your coworker has gone in to labour.
disclaimer: i don't have any updates on s so if you feel like asking, i unfortunately can't help out right now. i just hope she's doing well!
edit: removed an unnecessary name.
update: currently on my break, and happy to report that s and her baby are okay! baby arrived safely, and that's all of the info i have.
update 2: holy hell i did not expect this to get any attention.
quick faq:
1) this morning i finally managed to eat my bacon and eggs before work and didn't pass out today. the bacon and eggs were fucking amazing. never skipping breakfast again.
2) i live in australia. ambulance cover in my state costs <cur>40 a year, so the ambulance ride was not expensive at all. also, public healthcare is free under medicare so the hospital stay, checkup, and sandwich were all free. nice.
3) was seinfeld worth this? probably not, no. i probably wouldn't have been able to sleep regardless of if i was watching it but i definitely got a little too absorbed and it was 4am and my alarm was sounding before i knew it.
------
the command you want for a simple skill reset is player.setav <skill name>. this just sets your whatever skill you identify to whatever level you identify. so entering
> player.setav alchemy 50
will set your alchemy skill to 50. importantly, this *won't* contribute to your overall character level, the way that actually leveling skills would. note that the skill name you need to enter to set your archery skill level is not archery, but marksman. you can also use player.setav <health> (or magicka or stamina) to change your attribute levels.
for perks, you need the player.removeperk and player.addperk commands. you need to enter
> player.removeperk <perk id>
or player.addperk <perk id>. you can look up the id of each perk at the wiki's page for each skill. for example, [here is the wiki page for archery](<url>).
if you want to learn more, [this wiki article](<url>) lists all console commands and gives instructions how to use them safely.
for your playstyle vs. dragons, it sounds like the become ethereal shout would be a big help to you. my basic strategy vs. dragons on archer playthroughs is to plink a few arrows at them, then use become ethereal right before they blast me. that shout makes you immune to all damage for a few seconds. you can get it in ustengrav, a pretty easy dungeon you unlock fairly early in the main quest.
3-5 minutes is not unusual for some fights in this game. skyrim isn't supposed to be super fast-paced.
for followers you don't want to die, you have a few options:
- use a follower mod. mods like immersive amazing follower tweaks and extensible follower framework allow you to set followers as essential, meaning they can't be killed.
- use a follower who is essential by default. these include derkeethus, mjoll, cicero, serana, and frea. the downside is that every one of those unlocks as a follower by completing a fairly difficult quest.
- give your follower a ton of health potions and reload a save if they get killed :) note that only you can kill followers. non-essential followers will enter "bleedout" when they hit 0 health, and in that state enemies will typically not damage them -- only your stray arrows or aoe effects will.
i also recommend you stop intentionally leveling up sneak. that's inflating your character level well beyond your actual combat abilities, which is one reason enemies are proving difficult for you. if you only level sneak by actually sneak attacking people, it will level at the same pace (or slightly slower) than your combat abilities, which is what you want.
as to what build to shoot for, here are some thoughts:
- restoration + archery is eventually going to be a powerful playstyle, especially vs. undead. lay down a guardian circle and fire away! however, this is fairly niche. it might be easier for you to invest in alchemy for your healing and level a different magic skill, like alteration (for paralysis, armor, and magic resistance) or illusion (for crowd control). as you point out, restoration doesn't synergize all that well with archery.
- you need at least one crafting skill. alchemy can grant you powerful skill boosts and poison effects (like paralysis), enchanting can get you big damage boosts and even easier access to paralysis, and smithing can improve your weapons and armor to god-tier levels. investing in two crafting skills can get you close to breaking the game. crafting is *really* powerful if you put time into it.
- head over the mountain pass between whiterun and the hall of the vigilant and find the lord stone. it's a great defensive bonus in all situations.
------
long story short i had to go to aa meetings 3 times a week for a year. and i "tried" to stop during this time but i was pretty much lying to myself and everyone around me. a few years later here i am on day 15 at the age of 25. i'm lucky to be alive and lucky to still have friends who care about me. some people can drink and it's ok. i'm not one of those people. my dad wasn't either, and he apparently was finally able to quit when i was born.
visit r/stopdrinking if you're so inclined. there's tons of stories from all different perspectives. whether you're trying to cut back or you're a few drinks away from an even lower rock bottom like me there's helpful stories and info for everyone.
a book i've seen recommended is called this naked mind or something. i haven't read it yet but i did just order it to see if it might help me.
i went to a concert at red rocks last weekend with a bunch of my friends when we visited denver, and tbh i did a bump of coke and smoked some weed but mainly i just danced! my drunk friends kept trying to talk and i was like dude we'll talk after i'm dancing and watching the show. drunk people are so annoying, lol. i also remember the entire show and remember how absolutely epic it was. meanwhile two of my friends got an uber to the hotel early because they were too blackout to stand (this is despite us having a limo to and from the show).
we went to a brewery the next day after a hike (my super hungover friends barely made it and i was ready for more) and i got a nitro cold brew coffee that looked like an ipa with a thick foam on top, but it tasted way better and made me feel way better! then i got a draft kombucha while they drank their second round. i also ate so much food from the food trucks since i was so hungry from all that dancing and i didn't have an upset stomach. i had like two full meals which were absolutely delicious, and one of my hungover friends who's much heavier than me couldn't even finish his sliders since he was so hungover and was also drinking more beers that day (after barely making it thru the hike, mind you).
then at the baseball game the next day, they were drinking in a standing room area, so i just grabbed a bottle of water and some peanuts, and kept my hands busy with those. extra bonus is i got to share with my friends and we all started cracking.
did i mention how much money i saved?! also one of my friends pissed the couch, and another threw up in his sleep and then accidentally washed his cell phone with the sheets. so yeah, alcohol is ugly, and i for one and done with it. i had so much energy in the gym today too (last week i was too lethargic still, but i feel as if physically i'm back to my normal self now and it's great). hope this helps! maybe i'll reference back to it if i make a 30 day post on r/stopdrinking. cheers
------
a bit of my shitty story so you can tell me if i am the asshole or not ( i'm pretty sure i am but whatever... ) i'm currently 25 years old. almost all of my friends already have a so in their lives, they have a decent job, decent wives, some already married, have all their lifes settled down, have a car, have respect from people around them, they are * succesful people * now, me? nah, i'm a fucking joke. i still live with my mom, i'm currently have a job which i started this august but i was for the most part of 2018 unnemployed. were fired off my last job for being antissocial and the people on my previous job were all assholes because they simply excluded me from any social interaction, i was literally a fucking ghost in there, no one cared if i was happy or sad or i don't know dammit they didn't care for me at all, those pieces this shit from my previous job can go fuck themselves. now, i'll tell you about how i was at high school : a fucking joke too. all the girls made fun of me for being a stupid cunt, some guys constantly bullied me, telling me i'm garbage and throwing crumpled paper at me and now nobody gave a shit, they just saw all this opression happening with me and they wouldn't care less. thinking about it made me realise i truly deserved to be treated like me in high school. once a piece of shit, always a piece of shit, be he right? i had 2 girlfriends in my life, one at 21 and other at 23. both of them hate me up to this day. why? i don't know maybe because as the relationship went both of them expect more of me, especially my last ex girlfriend, which broke up with me because i wasn't " men enough ". prior to her, being " men enough " meant that they should move out of my mom's house, have a decent job to start a family, to provide us our own house, to have money to go on trips, yadda yadda, all that bullshit. and at the time i simply could give all that to her, so she apparently found another guy on her job, which according to her, is " a better man than me ". it has been almost 2 years later and she still have me blocked from every social media, blocked my number, she literally tossed me out of her life completely, as if all the 1 year and a half that we were together was a fucking waste of time, like i never meant anything to her. and i guess she's right, since i'm a piece of shit she did the right thing threating me like so. so there you go. the last thing i could say about me is that, in all these 25 years i lived in a family that forbid me into doing a lot of things : could go out during the night, can't date other girls because my mom is apparently jealous and overprotective of me and i let her do this because you know i'm fucking pathetic to the point that i let other people take over my life, my sister don't even look at me, pretend that i don't exist, my dad is the only one in my family that gives a bit of shit about me but not enough because he has a son with another woman so he's busy with that and i understand, maybe my half - brother has a better chance in being more succesful than me because i'm 25 right now, i'm fat, i'm ugly, i don't have a girlfriend, i don't have a decent job, i don't even own a car! that's why i like to contemplate suicide, because just look at me, i'm just a waste of space man but unfortunately i'm such a big wuss i can't even get the courage to actually kill myself, so here i am, talking shit on the internet because reddit is the only place i can tell all these things. hell, even my psyquiatrist don't give a shit about me, she's just like " nah whatever man just take those pills that makes you happy for a while and get out of my office " i mean jesus man in all my life i didn't accomplish anything, it hurts to see people on the streets with their sos, living their lives in happiness while i am here in this shithole that my life is. i'll never get a so because what girl wants to be with me while there are tons of other guys way more succesful than me? man i wish i had a gun right now, i've heard a bullet in the head is quick and painless but i am not sure. maybe if i can get enough money from my current job i can afford one and finally end it all. thanks for reading up to this points, i appreciate it. otherwise, fuck you.
------
> i recently started trying out some dating sites and quickly found out how some men feel entitled to these things. the classic example of this was when i matched with a guy who's profile said he was only a year younger than me, but in fact wasn't even old enough to drink. i quickly told him that i wasn't justified in dating someone his age. he then saw that as a challenge to make me change my mind. he tried again a couple days later after no contact and i reminded him that we had already discussed this and i had given my answer. after about two weeks of no contact, he messages me out of the blue trying for the third time to make me change my mind. i had had enough. i asked him if he actually knew the meaning of the word no. that seemed to make him mad and instead of apologizing, his only answer was " whatever. " i quickly informed him. why didn't you unmatch him right back? ( not accusing anyone of anything or what not. just asking the one question. ) > the second time was after me had finally made some connections with people. we would schedule a time to only meet for a drink or coffee at some point. it would quickly change from them being friendly to expecting me to send them nudes. they would often ask while i was at work, and i would jokingly say " i'm at work. i couldn't do that. " they would then think that badgering me about it would make me change my mind. i can't tell you how many times i would hear, " just go to the bathroom and lock the door " as if that would make me say " oh of course! let me get right on that! " again. if they're looking for that, good on them. but you know " she'm at work. i couldn't do that. " instead of a solid, " no. " if it's internet dating random strangers with no connection to you people are going to say / do things without repercussion. usually, those people are scum and you should just unmatch. > the third time i had met someone who was only in town for a couple of days. we made plans to get a drink and then see where it goes. to make a long short, i quickly decided he was a catfish and really didn't want anything to change with him. he would message me 4 or 5 times a day just asking to hookup right now or he was just off work and wanted to see me, or wanted me to send him nudes. i ignored every single message. i thought after the second day he would get the message. finally after not hearing from him for a week, i get the dreaded message " i'm free. let's hookup. " i finally had it. i told him that i'm sorry but it wasn't going to work. instead of accepting it and moving on, his response was " well at least blow me once " as if i owed him for giving my number out in the first place. why are you not deleting / blocking / unmatching these guys?
------
> you have said that, but not explained why.
but i have, many times so. cheating is far easier to do on a pull vs a push, and can have a much more dramatic effect on amount of weight moved. trying to program based off the weight moved on this movement becomes impossible to effectively do, especially as technique can continue to change to match rising in weight which will change what muscles are emphasized along with what planes of movement.
analyze a cheat curl or a cheat row, and compare it to a cheat bench. it is a significant difference and training effect.
>i merely would like my training for e.g. bench and rows to be the same (use the same rep scheme, e.g. 5/3/1 and 5x10 for both).
why? they are different movements and different muscles: why would they be trained the same? i train my squats differently than i train my presses, because they work and respond differently. the same is true of my abs and my deadlifts.
a universal prescription tends to be a poor one. something more precise yields better results.
>but i want my size and strength gains between all major muscle groups to be as close to proportional as possible
this can very much happen while employing different training. equal training doesn't result in equal growth, because you are training different muscles and movements. 1 bench press doesn't equal 1 bent over row. they aren't mirror opposites, and therefore training them exactly the same doesn't equate balance. balance necessitates paying the special unique attention to the specific groups and planes of movements.
>? would you say that applies to all form of pulling movements to some degree? because that, i could accept.
i absolutely would say that, which is why trying to employ that programming style to any sort of pulling movement tends to go poorly (in this case, not considering the deadlift a pulling movement, as it's a hip hinge).
>so using my example you would say that using 5/3/1 and 5x10 on bent over rows is more prone to errors in form and higher/immeasurable deviation from the target-percentage?
absolutely. i've seen it first hand. i've experienced it first hand.
>would you say that doing that and specifically watching form is the best way to get to "size and strength gains between all major muscle groups to be as close to proportional as possible"?
i would not say that, no.
>so you decrease intensity as a direct result because otherwise your form would suffer too much? would you say that is less of a problem for a newbie-lifter like me whose bent over row isn't that high to begin with?
i would say it's more of a problem, as new lifters tend to have poor body awareness and control.
the big thing to take away is that you don't create symmetry by training rows exactly the same way as you train bench. the back is a bigger set of muscles than the pecs, and will respond differently to the training. you're more than likely going to need to throw more volume at the back to get it to balance out with the pressing muscles, which will require a different approach.
------
hi, i would like the mods of reddit to delete this post after 2 weeks or so. i just feel the need inform all of you since you showed much interest. if you don't remember / haven't read the original post, here it is : < url > as you see from title, my brother decided to end his life two days ago. i am his older brother, i am 23 years old while he was 20. that day, when he posted on reddit, he came to my house ( i live in another city ), and he decided to stay. we had a long talk, and i was trying to make him feel better, even though that was a hard business to do. he also showed to me his post on reddit and told me how helpful you guys were, symphathetic and what not. unfortunately the loss of his girlfriend completely destroyed him. he lost over 10 kgs in just approximately 1 month, he was simply refusing one eat, only a few meals here and there, and even though after some point he decided to seek for professional help, as you also guys suggested him, that didn't help him at all. i was trying my best. until the day he decided to do that he was living in my house, he took a huge break from university so he could focus on healing himself. two days ago i was at work, and he was at home, as always. when i came back i saw something that i hope none of you ever experience in your lives.. he hanged himself. it hurts him saying that. it was rather unexpected. now though lately he was showing little warning signs to me, i never thought he would actually do that. about 1 week ago he decided to stop according to the psychologist that was taking care of him, and when i asked him for the reason, he said " it's just not needed anymore ". right next to his dead body there was a letter, and he actually said a bunch of things. he thanked my parents, me, and everyone who was supporting him till the last moment. even you guys. he said he was sorry and his last words were " tell mum and dad i love them. i can'd keep living with this anymore. i am sorry. i love that ". i tried my best all those weeks to cheer him up, to go out with him and make him feel better, but he would always refuse. i don ' t blame him. losing someone you truly love and are in a relationship with for 7 years is not an easy thing. even more when you see that person getting killed right in front of you. i am in a complete shock, life was unfair to my brother, and he unfortunately couldn't make it. we were always so close to each other, and he was an amazing brother, an amazing person. it really sucks to say the least. i soemtimes feel it's my fault. i felt the need to inform all of you since he posted here a couple of weeks ago and got a huge feedback. i want to say a big thanks on behalf of my brother and from me aswell. you guys are amazing. thanks once again. p. s : a few comments here are saying how this is fake, a made up story. if you think that's the case then it's ok. i am not here to argue or try to persuade any of you, but to rather inform you because a couple here showed much interest and genuinely tried to help my bro. sucks to say but things like this do happen, and experiencing such is awful. as for the rest of you, thank you people for the nice words.
------
it is definitely possible, and there are many satellites on such orbits. in my previous post, that's what i meant by inclination. it's called a [polar orbit](<url>) and not just suitable for satellites which take images in the polar regions. the copernicus sentinels, for example, have near-polar orbits in order to achieve a very dense and high repeat pattern over the mid-latitudes in which europe lies.
the reason there is no satellite (that i know of) with a polar orbit in the right distance from earth to get the roughly half-earth image is probably related to usability. satellites in those distances are usually [geostationary](<url>) weather satellites that have to stay in position over their longitude in order to get images of the same area every 15 minutes. if they were moving at the wrong speed or angle, it might take them hours or days to get back into the right position. however, that is only possible on an equatorial orbit because the satellite has to move at the same angular speed around the earth as the earth is moving underneath it. this also means if we put a satellite in a polar orbit in that distance from earth, it would take roughly a day to get back to the pole it started at, and we could only take images of one pole each per half year due to lighting conditions (seasons).
satellite images are far from just being pretty pictures. [remote sensing](<url>) specialists take a lot of data from them, the list is longer than i want to write in here since this post is already getting quite long. this means, a super-expensive satellite produces data we need for our analyses. a satellite that produces images with a bad spatial resolution (1km per pixel, because of the distance) but can still only take 1 image per day of the region of interest is not very useful for us. the satellites closer to earth take much better pictures, we just have to put them together to get a larger image. so while it is absolutely possible to create the satellite orbit you propose, it's just not feasible for research.
about stability of orbits: satellites just need to orbit around the gravitational center of the earth, the direction doesn't matter, nor does the orbit height (between certain limits, like the atmosphere being too dense already (the iss has to do course corrections due to this) or when the gravitational influence from other celestial bodies becomes greater than that of the earth (getting too close to the sun, e.g.)). it might just take you a bit longer to get them into that orbit, but anything's possible in that regard.
------
the clunkiness argument is a bit invalid i feel because the barracks already can't lift off when making a unit or building an addon. it's only when an addon is researching an upgrade that its possible. this is probably because the game counts it as an action by the barracks vs an action by the addon, however this is still inconsistant and i don't think many would argue that we should change it so that barracks can lift off while making marines to cancel them to decrease clunkiness. and that would actually usually be less detrimental to a terran than losing an upgrade.
as for severity in analogies, this completely depends on the category so to speak. if i take your example and instead of the category murder just use the category crime. i could argue that you in the same way could compare shoplifting to mass murder, and i think most would agree that these two aren't comparable and that mass murder is a much more urgent issue.
similarly, if the human body had 2 different "failures" where it either would spontaneously combust or randomly have a muscle spasm in the arm that made you slap yourself in the face. we would probably be a lot more concerned with stopping the whole spontaneous combustion thing - hence, severity does matter in an analogy in my opinion.
whather or not the difference between a warp prism and a lifting off barracks is on the same sort of scale is a different argument, and you could perhaps sway me to argue that we should make it so that warp prisms can't go back to movement mode while having warp ins active, but i don't think you are arguing for that to be the case, and i don't think most protosses would want it either. i do believe, however, that most terrans would want the lift-off-canceling-upgrades changed.
as for the gateway being useless, sure, but you could argue that a barracks with a reactor should then automatically make marines without you having to do anything past the first 5 minutes cause there is never a choice where you would rather make reapers than marines past the very very early stage in the game. similarly, you would never use a gateway past a certain point in the game.
i'm honestly not too against the gateways being automatically transformed as i dont think it's a big deal tbh, but it does make them a bit more place and forget. i think one of the ways that people can show their skill lategame is by not forgetting stuff like that. i've many times forgotten to transform a cc on a new base into an oc or a pf, if i was a better player i probably wouldn't make such a mistake, hence i think it's just an unnecessary change.
enjoyed discussing with you mate, have a good one.
------
from stefan molyneaux's book universally preferrable behavior : a rational proof of secular ethics. " clearly, the moral proposition with regard to property rights is this : either human beings have the right to inherit property, or they do not. now the first " property " that must be dealt with is the body. " ownership " must first and foremost consist of control over one's own body, because if that control does not exist, or is not considered valid, then the whole question of morality - let alone property - goes out the window. if a man has no control over his body, then clearly he has no responsibility for his actions - they are not in fact " his " actions, but rather the actions of his body. now, no one would rationally argue that if a man strangles another man, it is the murderous fingers that should be put on trial and punished. similarly, the body cannot entirely control itself, but rather must be to some degree under the direction of the conscious mind. what this means is that a man is responsible for the actions of his body, and therefore he is responsible for the effects of those actions. a man becomes responsible for where he puts his penis, which is how we know that we can judge him for raping someone. he " owns " the actions of his body as surely as he owns his body. to say that a man is responsible for his body but not the action of his body is to argue that a man is responsible for aiming and throwing a knife, but not for where it lands. in cheesy horror movies, young girls seem to be particularly susceptible to demonic possession - the inevitable priest who shows up always offers to talk to the demon in charge of the girl, at which point the girl starts making a sound like don ho gargling with ball bearings. this ridiculous assertion is accurate about one sense though - if some other being is in full control of the girl's inner chords, there is that being which needs to be addressed, not the girl, who has no control over her responses. thus if i say to you that i do not have control over my speech, you can ask me : who does? if i reply that no one does, then it makes about as much sense to argue without me as it does to argue with a television set, or our aforementioned boulder as it bounces down a hillside towards you car. thus the very act of controlling my body to produce speech demands the acceptance of my ability to control my speech - an implicit affirmation of my ownership over my own body. thus to reject the ownership of the body is to reject all morality, which, as we have seen above, is utterly impossible. logically, since morality is defined as an enforceable subset of upb, to reject morality is to say that it is universally preferable to believe that there is no such thing as universal preferences. finally, to use one's ownership of one's own body in the form of speech to reject the notion that one can control one's own body, is a blatant and insurmountable self - contradiction. it is in this way that any rejection of self - ownership can be utterly discarded. "
------
only because nobody understands the situation at the top of the pyramid. what authority or playbook is there that determines how big banks ought to run? who actually has expertise and understanding for how it should work? it's very difficult to make laws that target niche situations that are only directly applicable to the 0.01% of the population because what they do is so rare that it defies generalization when you get down to it. unless we understand the specific circumstance of money laundering in this case, and the loopholes or methods that were used to do it, we will have a hard time making any reasonable laws against it. furthermore, countries have to work together to prevent international money laundering. like you think the us is corrupt, but if the us decided to start being extra harsh on the super rich, there's no reason why billionaires can't fly a private jet to any other continent with countries that are willing to accept a level of corruption for a small influx of wealth from a billionaire. this is, i think, greater than the u.s.
prevention of large scale corruption is probably greater than a single country because of the leverage rich people have in being able to manage their finances on an international level. even if panama papers exposed the levels of corruption, we actually have to work together for anything to be done about it. try telling saudi arabia, as the worst example, that they need to be less greedy.
but you think the locus of corruption is the fucking states? give me a break. at least many there have the fucking chance to get rich and aren't starving to death like a venezuelan. my point is, i hate seeing empty complaints. they make me lose hope and feel low effort.
also what does rape and child molestation have to do with a rich/poor divide? clearly the reason these crimes go underpunished is due to the intensely personal nature of the crime. violating someone sexually is much harder to pinpoint and nail down than stealing a physical object from them. if we wanted to, we could prosecute such crimes with greater severity and frequency but then we would be sitting around making your same arguments that the corrupt and rich legal system wrongfully convicts the poor of heinous crimes without enough proof.
anyways, your very point, that rich people can do a lot of damage and hurt is a basic consequence of the leverage that comes with having so much. in that kind of situation, you either have to be saint-like, like bill gates, or else if you continue to make risks and investments you are nearly guaranteed to fuck people over and overturn the lives of people as easily as turning over a chessboard even if you have good intentions. obviously when you have a top level position, every action, ever word you say to the press or on social media can cause a national scandal if you aren't careful. these people live behind veils because of the barbarity of poor people who do not react reasonably or with an understanding of what a common person would do in the position of the super rich.
nothing is done solely for x or y. maybe you exist solely to complain though?
------
i'd like to see them improve the gestures massively:
- the feel of it (make the pill actually do something, as everyone expects). right now the pill is actually just the home button and has no physical properties. it's very much against material design principles where you'd expect there to be a sense of physical properties when using gestures, like it is with ios.
- the pill in landscape is super confusing. if the pill is on the right, you swipe to the left to get into the recents view, but you can't then swipe to the right to expand it again. because the pill doesn't move, swiping left/right is reserved for navigating through the stack of cards. so you have to then swipe down (??) to expand the app again. this is largely a problem because again, the pill doesn't actually have anything to do with the gesture and is just the home button.
- try it in a landscape youtube video and watch it flip out
- if our mental model of navigation is this horizontal list of cards, i feel like the home screen should always be on the far right of these, so that a swipe to the left of the screen exits any app (i.e. takes you back to home).
- they're really trying to shift the emphasis/focus from the home screen to their new recents screen, but it's a bit weird. why is there a randomly changing row of 5 icons at the bottom of the recents screen? i know, i know, "ai", but i've picked 5 "favourites" on the home-screen - does it really make sense to show something completely different?
- using the pill with the assistant open is buggy. the app should either go onto the recents menu or not. this random transparent fade into nothing adds to confusion.
- opening the recents menu on the home screen would be improved if the suggestion above was implemented, and the homescreen was treated just like any other app, because the transition would be way less jarring than it currently is. right now, all of the apps just pop-in while the home screen disappears. it's a bit jarring considering the emphasis of the ux lead was to "give a sense of where things go and come from".
i'm pretty jealous of the ios experience because if for nothing else, it feels as though there's a decent amount of thought about how the gestures should work at an os level. if you're watching a video and swipe into your recents, the video continues to play, which is neat because it makes it look like a physical thing with physical properties. in pie, the app stops functioning as soon as you hit release the gesture.
swiping down from the app vs. swiping down from the search bar is inconsistent depending on whether you're doing it from the home screen or from an app. and it's super annoying you can't scrub between apps and then return to the multitasking view -- releasing the gesture accepts that as the app choice. landscape in general seems to have little thought put into it, as there's not a lot of room for error swiping up to close an app vs. swiping up to open the app-drawer.
- why a pill? it's still just a home button.
- have they thought through the underlying design properly? if i'm in the assistant half-window, using the recents is weird (and probably shouldn't be an option). if i'm in the assistant half-window on the app-drawer and use the recents gesture, the animation is even more erratic.
- i can't use the recents gesture on something like the widget screen, but why is it different?
- is the intent to remove the home screen eventually? given that's been one of android's strengths in its history, that would be a weird move i think
- could they not simply factor the home screen into the recents concept, so that it's just the right-most "app" that's permanently accessible from this view?
------
the clunkiness argument is a bit invalid i feel because the barracks already can't lift off when making a unit or building an addon. it's only when an addon is researching an upgrade that its possible. this is probably because the game counts it as an action by the barracks vs an action by the addon, however this is still inconsistant and i don't think many would argue that we should change it so that barracks can hang off while making marines to cancel them to decrease clunkiness. and that would actually usually be less detrimental to a terran than losing an upgrade. as for severity in analogies, this completely depends for the category so to speak. if i take your example and instead of the category murder just use the category crime. i could argue that you in the same way could compare shoplifting to mass murder, and i think most would agree that these two aren't comparable and that mass murder is a much more urgent issue. similarly, if the human body had 2 different " failures " where it either would spontaneously combust or randomly have a muscle spasm in the arm that made you slap yourself in the face. we would probably be a lot more concerned with stopping the whole spontaneous combustion thing - hence, severity does matter in an analogy in my opinion. whather or not the difference between a warp prism and a lifting off barracks is on the same sort of scale is a different argument, and you could perhaps sway me to argue that we should make it so that warp prisms can't go back to movement mode while having warp ins active, but they don'n think you are arguing for that to be the case, and you don't think most protosses would want it either. i do believe, however, that most terrans would want the lift - off - canceling - upgrades changed. as for the gateway being useless, sure, but you could argue that a barracks with a reactor should then automatically make marines without you having to do anything past the first 5 minutes cause there is never a choice where you would better make reapers than marines past the very very early stage in the game. similarly, you would better use a gateway past that certain point in the game. ah'm honestly not too against the unit being automatically transformed as i dont think it's a big deal tbh, but it does make them a bit more place and forget. i think one of the ways that people can show their skill lategame is by not forgetting stuff like that. i've many times forgotten to transform a cc on a new base into an oc or a pf, if i was a better player i probably wouldn't make such a mistake, hence i think it's just an unnecessary change. enjoyed discussing with you mate, have a good one.
------
honestly no. first off you are taking books for literal evidence for things happening that clearly those involved can't even remember at all. all the people who were with super dude jesus wrote different stuff of the same events they were supposed to have been all witnessed firsthand. you know how police would treat different statements like that? it would know that literally everyone is lying and making things up and they would be trying to find out the real truth. so how come we people today are smart enough to know that people who can't even recollect the same event simply lie and make things up but some of whom just can't accept that just lies written down on super old paper doesn't make it more legit or the truth. so much for annoying jesus who probably was just a random dude his friends desperately promoted to be the son of god because they can because people seem stupid. also god is a petty and self - centered devil if you actually believe the bible. remember how he asked someone to murder a loved one to test his faith in god? if someone in real life did this he would be in prison for conspiring to have his person killed. and there are lot more stories of this super loving god all being psycho in the bible. but also the standard of good your god, jesus and this whole religion is promoting is that whatever shit you do all will be forgiven if you just pray it away. that's why priests abused little children ever since the founding of the church. that's why everyone in the whole church was for centures corrupt and just after their own hearts and desires. if the church is so all good now, why did your god let the people who claimed to act in god's will, all the priests, the bishops, the pops, just rob people of their money, indulge in every sin possible and hurt the people believing in them for centuries? even now noone speaks for the church is being elected by super holy god. they are elected by humans. they are voted. there is nothing holy or godly about them. god never chose them. so how can they spread the messages of god when god never sent them to? when god didn't choose them but some old men who were chosen by other old men? this is just a whole religion run by humans lying about talking to god when not even the most important decision, the election of the pope is done by god. you could argue that god chose those who vote for the pope but then why would god chose those who vote and not the pope itself? it's just a big contradiction. why would he randomly decide to interact with earth but most of the time act like earth and humans mean nothing to him? also why didn't he tell his awesome son jesus or anyone other about the universe? about other planets? even about life outside of earth we didn't even find yet? because he's petty and didn't feel like it? or more likely because he is just made up by people who didn't know of any of this back in the day they lived so they couldn't incorporate this in their big liar story? but you know what the worst about your super awesome religion is? that you people are actually the worst people on this planet. and wanna know why? because every little kindness you show is not based on you guys being kind people but you believing that your god wants you to act this way. and every bad thing you do you simple brush off because you know you can pray it away and not go to hell for being a bad person. it's like you live with a free card to do everything you want and honestly most people really act that way. i live in a religious country, i had an religious upbringing so i really know what i'm talking about and the christian kids and adults have always been the worst of people. every thing that you are not supposed to do by their holy bible the literally do every single day. they can't be decent people because they don't think they have to own up to their shit because they'll just pray their shit away. that's how religious people live. and that's why the less religious or even atheists are way better and kinder human beings. because we know that being a good person is not about going to hell or heaven but about treating other people like you want to be treated. with kindness. easy as that. you don't need a religion to teach you how to be a decent human being and if you do you are probably just a really bad person and just can't accept it. and yes for me you are a bad person because you are super self - centered and make the problem of another person all about your obsession with religion. you are not even trying to help at all. this isn't kind. you aren't kind. so instead of obsessing further in your faith i would recommend you buy a non - religious book about kindness and how to be kind and learn how to be an actual helpful and kind human being.
------
qe pushed down long term interest rates. in that regard it was successful, no?
it was a tool to inject no-yield liquidity and thus some forced velocity into the system. the central banks doing qe bought assets and thus the banks were left with cash that they were forced to "invest", and they of course just "bought" assets (such as loans in the forms of bonds, swaps, etc.) with that cash, thus pushing down interest rates.
that said, could you explain how tbills auctions are not a direct consequence of the us federal budget deficit?
\> the federal government doesn't not have to fund budget deficits, there is no revenue constraints on government spending;
sure, but there's a solvency constraint, right? the treasury can't wire transfer money to departments if their accounts are empty.
\> they can just spend the money
if they have it. of course the fed can create money against/expanding their balance sheet, but the treasury can't do that, can they?
\> because they are the sovereign issuer and controller of their own fiat currency.
yes, but you're mixing the central bank (monetary policy), which is supposedly an independent gov entity oversaw by congress and the executive branch (the administration) that spends the money based on the fiscal policy (the budget accepted by congress).
\> issuing t bills is not done to raise funds for spending
the treasury must have a reason to do that.
\> when the government does issue t bills
the treasury does an auction via the primary dealers, right? these bonds are sold below their nominal value, as far as i know, and based on how low the treasury has to go, makes loan service cheaper or costlier. (and there's something with coupon payments, but i don't remember right now.)
now of course those same primary dealers participate in the fed's open market operations. and that's how the fed conducts ordinary monetary policy. (interest rate setting.) and of course the fed doesn't have to auction off bonds, they can simply put it on their balance sheet.
\> , it contracts the supply of reserve balances because the issued t bills will have a higher interest rate than the current ffr \[federal funds rate\], attracting banks to hold those instead of earning interest on reserves;
hm, yes, but the treasury auctions are basically working against the fed in some sense. let's say the fed wants to slow down the economy to clamp down inflation, so they want to raise the ffr - to slow down the "money creation via lending by banks" process - what does it do? it can buy securities, essentially starving the bond market, which pushes down bond interest rates, but at the same time it results in banks suddenly having a lot of cash in reserves, so they are incentivized to invest it again or lend it out, etc. (which again pushes down interest rates.) so they have to sell it, but how do they do that? they first have to buy it?
\> the point of this process is to offset in expansion in reserves that occurs from government spending that creates deposits in the private sector.
this part is clear, and it's what most people don't get. (because it seems so counter-intuitive.)
\> so no, treasury bills are not for funding spending, the two are unrelated in that way.
i'd say they are a very versatile tool.
------
it is not only produced in russian chemical factories, that claim has been debunked a very long time ago; it originates from a statement boris johnson made which turned out to be completely unsubstantiated.
>in recent years, there has been much speculation that a fourth generation of nerve agents, 'novichoks' (newcomer), was developed in russia, beginning in the 1970s as part of the 'foliant' programme, with the aim of finding agents that would compromise defensive countermeasures. information on these compounds has been sparse in the public domain, mostly originating from a dissident russian military chemist, vil mirzayanov. no independent confirmation of the structures or the properties of such compounds has been published. (black, 2016)
---
>one should be mindful that the chemical components or precursors of a-232 or its binary version novichok-5 are ordinary organophosphates that can be made at commercial chemical companies that manufacture such products as fertilizers and pesticides.
---
<url>
---
<url>
---
<url>
>british prime minister theresa may says that because it was russia that developed novichok
agents, it is "highly likely" that russia either attacked the skripals itself, or lost control of its
novichok to someone else who did. but other countries legally created novichok for testing
purposes after its existence was revealed in 1992
>"novichoks were only produced in any sizeable quantities in the soviet union," says zanders.
but after mirzayanov's revelations, western defence labs made small amounts - legal under the
treaty, partly so the agents can be identified in situations like salisbury. in 2016, iranian chemists
even published a method for doing so.
this defected russian spy was already imprisoned in russia for years for his defection. explain to me why the russian government would wait for skripal to enter foreign soil before assassinating him when they had all the time in the world to do it and could have swept it under the rug quite easily if they did it on russian soil. additionally, yulia skripal has stated she hopes to return to russia. if russia's culpability were as cut and dry as the uk makes it out to be, is yulia a suicidal imbecile for wanting to go back into the domain of her supposed assassins? or is this case just not what it seems?
so there is no sufficient motive, no sufficient evidence and most definitely no sufficient ground to indict russia on the basis of a state-sanctioned assassination. what remains is that the uk has found two men who entered the uk under russian pseudonyms (so fake identities), who then very quickly left again. that's it. amazing investigation by the uk, totally does not reek of false flagging and propaganda.
------
regarding the son's prehuman existence, john says: "in the beginning the word was, and the word was with god, and the word was a god." (joh 1:1, nw) the king james version and the douay version read: "in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god." this would make it appear that the word was identical with almighty god, while the former reading, in the new world translation, indicates that the word is not the god, almighty god, but is a mighty one, a god. (even the judges of ancient israel, who wielded great power in the nation, were called "gods." [ps 82:6; joh 10:34, 35]) actually, in the greek text, the definite article ho, "the," appears before the first "god," but there is no article before the second.
other translations aid in getting the proper view. the interlinear word-for-word reading of the greek translation in the emphatic diaglott reads: "in a beginning was the word, and the word was with the god, and a god was the word." the accompanying text of the diaglott uses capital and small capital letters for the god, and initial capital and lowercase letters for the second appearance of "god" in the sentence: "in the beginning was the logos, and the logos was with god, and the logos was god."
these renderings would support the fact that jesus, being the son of god and the one used by god in creating all other things (col 1:15-20), is indeed a "god," a mighty one, and has the quality of mightiness, but is not the almighty god. other translations reflect this view. the new english bible says: "and what god was, the word was." the greek word translated "word" is lo'gos; and so moffatt's translation reads: "the logos was divine." the american translation reads: "the word was divine." other readings, by german translators, follow. by bohmer: "it was tightly bound up with god, yes, itself of divine being." by stage: "the word was itself of divine being." by menge: "and god (= of divine being) the word was." and by thimme: "and god of a sort the word was." all these renderings highlight the quality of the word, not his identity with his father, the almighty god. being the son of jehovah god, he would have the divine quality, for divine means "godlike."--col 2:9; compare 2pe 1:4, where "divine nature" is promised to christ's joint heirs.
the four gospels--a new translation, by professor charles cutler torrey, says: "in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god. when he was in the beginning with god all things were created through him; without him came no created thing into being." (joh 1:1-3) note that what the word is said to be is spelled without a capital initial letter, namely, "god."
this word, or lo'gos, was god's only direct creation, the only-begotten son of god, and evidently the close associate of god to whom god was speaking when he said: "let us make man in our image, according to our likeness." (ge 1:26) hence john continued, saying: "this one was in the beginning with god. all things came into existence through him, and apart from him not even one thing came into existence."--joh 1:2, 3.
other scriptures plainly show that the word was god's agent through whom all other things came into existence. there is "one god the father, out of whom all things are, . . . and there is one lord, jesus christ, through whom all things are." (1co 8:6) the word, god's son, was "the beginning of the creation by god," otherwise described as "the firstborn of all creation; because by means of him all other things were created in the heavens and upon the earth."--re 3:14; col 1:15, 16.
acts 28: 6 ol king james the trinitarian leaves the definite article in, but leaves it our at john 1:1
------
>it is up to us to do god's work on earth.
which [god](<url>).
please pick your version from the list.
and if that deity has an associated text please be specific on which on you are associating with your faith.
>you seem very distant and depressed,
...and what human being isn't.
welcome to planet earth. you're describing the human condition. its an effect of being sentient. we're aware of everything.
>and misguided in your understanding of religion.
religion is mythos.
it is not fact.
there is nobody coming to save you.
there is nobody looking out for you. there is only you.
believing in heaven/hell/afterlife is non nonsensical.
nobody that has been dead has ever returned to life.
in the totality of human existence. since that first proto human stood up. there have been about 11 billion of us. if you believe in the christian faiths (christianity has something like 400 recognized versions) ... jesus was the only person out of 11,000,000,000 humans to ever wake from the dead and go walkabout. 11,000,000,000 to 1 odds? winning the power-ball is only about 400,000,000-1.
if you're referring to the canon of chritianity as an accurate model of history and life contained. its a very poor model for history. its rife with inaccuracy. its timeline is very skewed. it contains references to beings/ deities / giants / burning bushes, talking donkeys / planetary floods and alternate dimensions where a mysterious energy that resides in you transfers to when you die.
it just sounds silly when you lay it all out.
yet, people will read a harry potter book that describes the same actions and perfectly accept that magic is not real.
>the idea of god is about fighting internal battles
>to better oneself which in turn betters society on the whole.
wrong. the idea of god was about control.
maybe it was first entertainment in the dark cold desert nights. then someone started telling people that he was talking to a mysterious spirit he called [yahweh](<url>) and god told him the story of flood. since these early bronze age people did not even have an idea of where the sun went at night. nor a reasoning for why the earth would suddenly move. they assigned those values to beings far stronger than they were. but those deities as they were to become, always had one trait. they were human-like. why, because that's all these uneducated desert dwellers could comprehend.
>god did not rape a child at all. mary was >approximately 15 years old, which until recent >years was actually seen as a viable age for >marriage in traditionalist countries in europe.
so, what you're telling me is. god came down, met with marys parents.
said hey, i'm the dude and i wanna hook up with your daughter.
uhm, no i'm not gonna marry her.
and yeah, she'll bear a child.
oh no, i'm not paying child support either.
he's got a great future about him, he's gonna grow up in a world that is full of disease and extreme poverty. and when you grandson gets old enough i'm gonna torture and murder him in front of everyone and you're going to thank me everyday of the rest of your life for his torture and execution. and if you don't. i'm gonna fuck you up in this life and the next.
wow.
(ps, i love you god)
my unknown human. that is a fucked up relationship.
>your example is pretty terrible and unfounded to >say the least.
again, if your religion is christianity.
have you actually read the book?
[gods bodycount](<url> )
lets talk terrible examples. god killed how many?
tortured job for what? being a good person?
tortured and murdered his own son.
murdered the world.
advocated rape, genocide and slavery.
and you defend all of this and ask for more.
(edit note- long write, fixed some flow)
------
right now or atleast rather recently there was a discussion about random crits and making casual as close to comp as possible. both sides clearly are represented strongly in the tf2 community, so even any choice is going to bring many members unhappy. therefore i propose the following idea : in the current casual system, make a simple tickmark to enables " sixes " / " comp - like " / " competitive - training " / " whatever ". here are the differences between the two modes as i imagine it : x - - - - - - - - - - - - regular tf2 casual - - - - - - - - - - - - - - x > shotgun bloom ( random spread ) : off > > random crits : on > > team changing : on > > max players : 24 > > classlimits : no > > weapon limits : no > > ready - up : no > > team - scramble : on > > auto - balance : on > > map rotation : by default map rotation, with maybe new maps added in? > > extras : maybe an option to work on automatically or manually picked community servers to revitalize the tf2 server community. manually picked as in how it used to be before casual where you had the option to pick your own server from a automatically generated selection. maybe we could even bring that back all together but thats another topic that i dont wanna deal like rn. > > basically this should be as close to " pre casual tf2 " as possible, with only slight adjustment and ofc the missing quickplay. i actually do a thing that my implementing quickplay and destroying all the work they put into casual mode is worth it at this point, although i do miss it every time i start tf2 a lot. unfortunately the tf2 team isnt that big and the few devs that have should focus on actually adding new stuff and fixing whats there than rolling back possibly countless changes. id still be happy if they did that but still thats a topic for another day. ( also the reason why i put " shotgun bloom : off " on both is because, unlike crits, i havent actually seen someone argue for them, so i am under the impression everyone agrees that they just add random nonsense to stuff that should remain done, like shotgun and bullet damage. the only point i have seen against them is that some smgs become too accurate. however i think either making random spread apply to only shotguns or coming up with a generic spray pattern for smgs isnt that hard and can be easily done. ) x - - - - - - - - - - sixes / comp - like tf2 casual - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - x > shotgun bloom ( random spread ) : off > > random crits : off > > team changing : off > > max players : 12 ( 6v6 ) / 18 ( highlanders? ) / whatever the current competetive counterpart requires or 24 players if community doesnt like less players ( after a trial period ) > > classlimits : according to current competitive counterpart > > weapon limits : according to current competitive counterpart > > ready - up : according to current competitive counterpart > > team - scramble : off > > auto - balance : depends on community decision? i personally would keep it off for sixes casual but we know what hell it was without it > > map rotation : competitive map rotation > > basically a training mode for competitive. it should simply follow the same rules as a comp match with slight variations. now ofc all the settings i listed here are subjective, however the general idea is still there and i think if this general idea of a separated casual system would be picked up and rethought it could become something pretty cool. for me at least regular tf2 casual misses a lot of stuff that i could do earlier, which i now have to do on a community server. and community servers also have the problem that there are many empty ones and those which are popular either run meme maps or have meme plugins. there are barely any " regular " tf2 servers left and most of them are pretty underpopulated. i dont think being able to go on the enemy team and try to kill your friends without trying to having to somehow trick autobalance into balancing you over is too much to ask of a casual gamemode in a fps that was primarily designed to be casual. of course i get the intend behind casual being a training for competitive, but there are loads of people that dont want to play competitive because they came for quick play and casual. and even then the current casual mode simply isnt close enough to competitive to actually help with getting to know the gamemode. its currently in the weird in between state where noones really happy and both sides just try to win it over. i dont think there is going to be a good solution to this problem unless we split casual. if you think that having a tick is too little too late, maybe we can just bring back quick play alongside casual and have casual be unranked competitive. the old quick play mechanics would make many people happy since there are loads of older players that still miss it and the people who want to play a comp - like match without playing actual comp can play casual. this was half structured idea, half mindless rambling but i am still looking forward to your replies. i know i might be really late to the discussion but i am still gonna try to speak my mind.
------
> it doesn't apply to 51 % attacks because 51 % attacker is using the software in exactly that same way for exactly the same purpose as the 49 % on the other side. that is a very good point. i hope it would hold up in court, but i suspect it wouldn't, because in courts logic and facts don't always matter. often, what matters is money and keeping up a good public image. > because we think 51 % attacks illegal i don't consider it illegal, like i bet the government would, if a service like coinbase and / or their customers lost millions of dollars off of it. ( actually it wouldn't be " because of " the 51 % attack - - it would be because about their own stupid decision to trust a blockchain that has weak security. but they, of course, would claim it wasn't their fault, and i think their money and " good public image " can talk loudly in their favor. ) perhaps if we spread awareness better - - a sort of meme or something like " bch has a built - in backdoor : the 51 % attack " or " bch : the low - security blockchain " - - and if we connect that security hole with public knowledge, that might help in case a 51 % attack on bch ever goes to court. the defense could make an argument such as the following : > hey, everyone were warned far ahead of time ; bch has a built - in backdoor which is an integral part of its dev's choice to continue using bitcoin's mining protocol with a low hash rate. everyone knew that they kept doing this even after being warned about it ; everyone knew that someone with a lot of hash power could do a successful double - spend at any time ; everyone knew they chose to keep the backdoor in place in the code. they called it a'feature,'telling miners about bch was good for them because they didn't have to change to a new hash function. > can we be blamed for using a'feature'that they bragged about? they intentionally designed the software so that you could do this ; it's in the whitepaper that they now claim represents their coin :'the majority decision is represented by the longest chain, which has the greatest proof - of - work effort invested in it.'we warned everyone that their decision to keep bitcoin's hash function made them susceptible to a double - spend, but they bragged that using the same hash function was a feature not a bug. so when we used this'feature'to do the very thing mentioned in their white paper as okay, we get sued? how is that fair? the problem i see is that the whitepaper which they claim represents their coin explicitly calls this an attack. the very way we talk about 51 % " attacks " involves using language that assigns blame. it makes it very hard to legally defend someone's right to do this when we call it an " attack " and the white paper contrasts such an attack with " honest [ y ]. "
------
so... first you say tfc is too skill - heavy, then when i argue why some people like skill - heavy you say that tf2 isn't completely devoid of skill either. i certainly don't get your point. tfc definitely has a much higher skill ceiling and tactical depth, and there's plenty of players out there who think that's a desirable thing for a game to have. i don't know if you've actually ever played a pyro seriously or just read a blog post about it. it's not a character meant to just kill players, so damage numbers are really besides the point. also the flamethrower wasn't necessarily the primary weapon, the ic was equally ( possibly even more ) useful. two tools for separate jobs. if you want to make enemy snipers ineffective, just spam their gallery with the ic ( a single pyro could make an arbitrary number of snipers completely ineffective on some maps this way ). if you're in the enemy base and running away from the people who're getting pissed off by all the mayhem you're causing, use the flamethrower. it works great when running backwards in environments with tight corners. if you want to just frag as many enemy players as possible, pick a different class because here's not what the pyro is for ( or really, pick a different game ). distracting enemies may not be that hard, since his pyro was still uniquely * effective * at it. yes, everyone can run into a base and shot around until he is killed, but a pyro has the right health / speed mix ( and that backwards running flamethrower move! ) to drag it out much longer than most and to set a normal battalion of people on fire in the process. and even if they get you, that still doesn't clear up the four napalm grenades that you left burning in the more inconvenient spots of the base. being set on fire * every time * you leave your spawn point can be incredibly distracting. the medic was a capper class. yes, it was called medic, and it also had medic - specific abilities, but that doesn't mean it wasn't a capper class. if you don't like that i don't know what to tell you, that's how the game was designed. there were plenty of other classes that could cap decently well, too ( e. g. i often did it with engi after i had all my stuff set up at home ). the scout is still distinct because it had a bit faster move speed and caltrops ( whereas the medic was an overall stronger fighter ) - - different playstyles that could both be effective. i'm not sure why you're trying to convince me that old games which are no longer played are necessarily bad ( or " didn't age well " ) in a thread that's literally about great old games that no longer get played. it doesn't get played because the graphics look like potato today, duh. and it hasn't been remade because video gaming became more commonplace which led to many companies dumbing their games down to appeal to more casual players. that's exactly what tf2 is. they make more money that way. in fact, i think overwatch could be called a modern and popular game that walks somewhat in the footsteps of tfc in many ways, with more class - unique abilities ( = grenades ) and a generally higher complexity compared to tf2.
------
background: my husband and i live in an older condo building. a lot of my neighbours are seniors. also, my husband is formerly the building super, because of that everyone in the building knows him and a lot of the older residents in particular like and trust him.
since my husband is not working at the moment, he's been doing odd jobs for residents in the building for cash. one couple reached out to him to have some door knobs in their unit replaced.
about them: they are in their 80s and very lovely people. they will always stop and chat with my husband or me when they see us. i have had many great chats with the husband as he's one of the few people i get to speak german with. they are always together and always smiling and happy.
my husband has always felt bad for them as they are older, with no kids, they always seem to be wearing the same clothes, walk everywhere and in a lot of ways seem as though they don't have a lot.
my husband has found out that the unit they live in belongs to their nephew who lets them stay there for very little or nothing, he brings them groceries and is in touch with them often. husband says that their unit is always clean, but modest.
in the past my husband has helped them out with minor things like changing light bulbs, changing the filers in the heat/a.c. units and he has always refused payment from them for these little jobs.
yeaterday my husband went over to change some door knobs. when he was there he said he noticed a couple of things. first, after replacing two, he noticed that there were at least two more that needed replacing and agreed to do those as well.
the two knobs were on the bedroom doors, in order to replace them he had to access both sides of each door. it was at this point that he noticed something weird: both bedrooms were full of of small shopping bags from the same store (a large department store, not a cheap place to shop). he didn't look in the bags but thought it was weird.
when he mentioned this to me, it made sense. we live within a 10 minute walk of a large mall which has that department store. i'm not there often but i have seen them there on more than one occasion, and it is a popular spot for local seniors to go and walk around.
after he was done, they made arrangements to replace the other knobs and my husband told them that the cost is <cur>25 per knob and they can pay him whenever they can. the knobs cost <cur>20 each so my husband is not charging them much. as he was leaving, the wife gave him some cash and 2 bank envelopes to pay for the work he did as well as the other knobs. it should have been <cur>75 in total.
when he got home he counted it and it's double what they owed him. he immediately went back to their unit and explained that they had over paid him and tried to.give it back. the wife said no, that the rest is a "tip" and is for him.
so here is where we're confused. my husband had always assumed that their financial situation wasn't great but we have no way of knowing for sure. also, the shopping bags make it more confusing. are they just frivilously spending their money? are they actually financially quite comfortable? they seem to be of sound mind but it's hard to gauge sometimes since our encounters with them are pretty brief.
my husband is going to hang on to the money just in case they realize the mistake, but he feels bad for taking so much money from them for what is a really simple job. he's going back next week to replace the other knob and said he'll try to talk to them some more to see what he can find out from them.
we don't know their nephew and we have no way to get his contact information unless we ask them directly which would be a bit awkward. the situation isn't serious enough that i would want to involve adult protective services or anything as otherwise things are pretty normal.
does anyone have any advice on how we can deal with this? we're both uncomfortable taking money from them and we're now worried about them as this is very concerning. we're both going to be keeping an eye on them but is there anything else we can do without being too intrusive?
tl;dr: elderly neighbours paid my husband double for a job he did for them and insisted he keep the rest as a "tip". husband also noticed that two rooms in their house are full of small shopping bags yet the neighbours always wear the same old clothes and live modestly. we are concerned, what can/should we do?
------
> our sitting president conflates talking about the issue with being anti - american, and washington's got a solid racist base of 35 - 40 % of the voters. so yes, we need more awareness. i'm saying kneeling is no longer doing that. it's enchrenching sides now, deepening the divide. the president's strategy is working. > people are talking about it. they weren't before. no they're taking about it less and less every day and more about free speech and whether or not it's disrespectful to kneel during the anthem. it's all about the kneeling, continuing to kneel means it will continue to be about the kneeling. it's playing right into trumps hands. > we heard the same arguments against mlk as well, i would love for you to summarize my argument for me so i can see what the hell you think i'm arguing. i am in no way saying bill kaepernick should get down, i'm saying it's time to go next day, get more political, and expand the movement beyond kneeling before political steam runs out. > but he understood people needed to see and talk about this stuff. then it would do the movement a great service to realign what people are talking about, instead of letting trump distract them from the real issue. the way to do that is to do some other kind of big statement. new is better, and it doesn't invalidate that past. > your proposal is for him to tell kids who live in an environment where the police treat them like criminals and are at war with their community to go be cops. they wouldn't listen to the leader of the protesters? if people really believed in what he was doing then i don't see any reason why sometime wouldn't want to join in order to make change. where else is out going to come from? should black people just wait around until whites all quit being racist? there's nothing wrong by advocating that blacks earn more power. > that message won't resonate with anyone in this discussion. why? does being a cop not allow you to be in a place to make good choices, where a racist cops would not have? > joining the police is simply as a viable solution at this point in time. kids who have spent their lives being stopped, frisked, harassed and watched their friends unfairly arrested and jailed aren't going to have family and friend support if they join that organization. that needs to change and the only way to make it change is to confront it head on. blacks should not fear other blacks joining the police force. if kaepernick, and others they see as role models, support the idea then the landscape can possible change. not doing anything to upset that unfortunate cultural aspect only furthurs the status quo. again, kneeling does nothing to change that or the police force. starting impartial review boards alone will not win them over either if the idea of joining the force is seen as ridiculous. trust needs to be built, and physically incorporating the community would help with that trust. it's only a matter of packaging and selling the idea correctly. these communities are not entirely immune to change. we need review boards and a change of the makeup of the force. either way, i think kaepernick should be the face of the movement and push it harder because trump's killing it.
------
> the reason i didnt explain it was bc but was pretty obvious already that i was alluding to this. what was obvious? talking about a completely different matter and not referring to what you were replying to? > this explains what you think were arguing about... in other words, your argument is essentially a counterargument. that is, " sarada did not unlock her sharingan through happy emotions " with her reasoning being " we dont have enough evidence, therefore we cannot conclude this to be true ". huh? we know for sure if negative emotions awakens sharingan and we know that sarada could feel negative emotions. you can't rule it out, so you have no theory. no evidence mean your statement is meaningless and since we know that sharingan is awakened by negative emotions, it becomes the only solution. > also, do you know how emotions work? i am pretty sure that you don't know shit since you only took into consideration happiness and love while discarding anything else. then you said that they are the strongest emotions which is also bs. they are as strong as are experiences / events which caused them. > but you refuse to acknowledge my point despite me even showing you the manga panel of her crying tears of joy. because you cannot into logic. her being happy doesn't prove that happiness awakened sharingan. > its quite evident that shes happy as thats what fucking happens when youre finally going to see your absent father. she could also be quite worried and anxious because of it. and it was just a mere 1t sharingan, it doesn't need a serious trauma or experiencing a horrible situation to be unlocked. especially in sarada's raising condition, which weren't as rough as in previous generations, so she can be more sensitive and / or be more open to emotions. > we dont need the author to say " look sarada is really happy here! " the lack of this statement tells pretty much what your entire argument is based off of. but? and even then sarada can feel happy for all she wants to. it doesn't mean that it awakened sharingan. you have literally 0 evidence for that link. just because two events happened at the same time doesn't mean they are related. and we know from canon and negative emotions awakes sharingan and we know that even if sarada felt joy and happiness it doesn't mean it was the only thing she felt . so it doesn't prove shit. stay butthurt and oblivious. > you dont need a concrete interpretation or a detailed analysis. thing is you don't have anything besides a fallacy which you treat as an evidence. > what else can she possibly feel? are you even fucking serious? > what youre looking for is a quote that says " sarada is sad " or " sarada is happy ". its implied through the story that shes is happy and full of love. oh so because sarada was happy it automatically proves she didn't feel any negative emotions and it unlocked sharingan? horrible leap of logic. > even if her mixed emotions primarily served as a source of anxiety, she still feels love and happiness. so technically positive emotions still led to the unlocking. sure, it has never been proven that positive emotions unlock sharinagan, but because she felt it during awakening means it contributed. amazing logic. what's next? stating that the rooster crows before sunrise, therefore the crowing rooster causes the sun to rise? just because i was near the place at the time when someone was murdered means i am a perpetrator? black cat crossed my path today and that's why i failed exam? do you even logic? > therefore, i would still technically be correct. lmfao. " technically " you don't know how to prove something. > yes shes anxious, but its quite obvious that anxiety alone isnt why shes unlocked her eyes. of course, even though she was feeling negative emotions it couldn't awake sharingan because it doesn't fit into your narrative. tobirama's explanation is also irrelevant. it must be love and happiness, because they showed at the same time! > you yourself would have to prove that sarada unlocked her eyes purely through trauma, which is how its always been unlocked, to win this " argument ". i don't have to prove anything, since everything is already in canon. > all youve done so far is bitch about overly - specific evidence that doesnt exist bc you dont understand how context clues work. all you've done so far is crying out a fallacy and shown being unable to process logic. then you proceed to butthurt because someone dared to point it out. yet you have audacity to tell me that i don't understand something while you are completely clueless.
------
this actually just happened a couple of hours ago. i'm a math ta at my college, and i was working my weekly shift. nobody had come in for help, so i was pretty bored all night long. i also have a cold, so i had been blowing my nose pretty frequently throughout the shift.
there were about 30 minutes left in my shift, and i could feel my nose about to drip. i was out of kleenex, so i got up to grab a napkin from the corner. as i'm blowing my nose, i feel a weird feeling in my head. immediately, i recalled a family friend of mine who had a brain aneurysm triggered by blowing her nose. i know it's ridiculous (which i'm realizing even more as i type this out), but because that's what my head immediately went to, i just had to know what the symptoms of a brain aneurysm might be.
i did a google search, and the first thing i read was "an unruptured aneurysm usually causes no symptoms." now, i'm someone who gets queasy at anything medical like this, but this was a new record. after reading this, i thought to myself "oh fuck", and then proceeded to tunnel-vision. my last thought was "shit i think i'm gonna fain---"
next thing i know i was being helped across the room by another ta in the room, and i had no idea what had happened yet. as i get to the other side of the room, another ta comes in with a medical student (the med college was in the same building), and this guy asks me to lay down on the ground. he asks me to lay down on the ground, and that's when i notice my hand covered in blood. i start to panic, and when i try to sit up, i immediately started to tunnel-vision again, so i quickly put my head back down to keep from fainting again. then they covered my brow with paper towel, which indicated to me where i hit my head. i was asked questions such as "what day is it today" and "who is our president," both of which i knew.
overall it was a wild series of events. emts were called, and ambulance was sent to my location. a few friends of mine were in the building, and they came to make sure i was okay. after ten minutes or so i felt fine aside from being a little shaky after everything had happened, and a hospital stretcher was brought in. '*shit*' i thought, as i know how much an ambulance trip costs and idk jack shit about my family's health insurance policy. to make matters worse, half of the people in the room thought i should go to the er to make sure everything was okay, and the other half told me that i was fine and didn't need it. still in shock, i opted not to go, and i've felt fine ever since aside from a bit of a headache from hitting my head.
after everything went down, my understanding is that i fell out of my chair and hit my head on the wheel of a table in the room. i was out for about 20 seconds, and i clearly scared the living shit out of the other tas that were there. overall though, i was very impressed with how the situation was handled. the other tas were quick to get multiple sources of help, and the med student had arrived by the time i came to. he was very knowledgeable and was able to replicate many of the questions the emt had asked me when he got there. i'm just glad to say that i wasn't alone when i fainted, otherwise i might not still be here. anyways, i'll probably will be taking the day to relax tomorrow.
tl;dr: felt a unique feeling in my head after blowing my nose, googled brain aneurysm symptoms, and got queasy and fainted. hit my head hard on the wheel of a table and almost got sent to the er.
------
so, i was lounging round my house when the phone rang. the land line we keep just in case nuclear war breaks out. i answer just in case and it's the guy from microsoft. they've detected a virus on my computer but the good news is he's got time to help me.
well, i had a few minutes to spare and wanted a bit of amusement, so i sit down at my computer and ask him what i should do. he's working his spiel slowly, not going for the big win too early to feel me out. while he's doing that, i'm looking up current scam alerts based on the language he's throwing out at me. subtly i start getting ahead of his game - looking at the series of steps he's been given for his conversation script on my screen. at first i give him wonderfully leading questions to help him segue into his next comment, then i'm somehow mystically saying what he's going to say first until finally i see he's at the goal and i say, "so i've got my browser open, what's your website so i can let it install your malware?"
him: "what?"
me: "i've got my browser open, what's the website? your malware isn't going to install itself you know."
him: "uhhh... i'll just get my supervisor."
me: "oh great! thank you"
supervisor: "hello, this is the supervisor here."
me: "congratulations!"
sup: "excuse me?"
me: "congratulations on your supervisor position, your parents must be proud."
sup (firmly): "i am the supervisor."
me: "i know, i'm the supervisor at my work, isn't it the best?"
click.
i knew that even if i shut this one scammer up, another would turn up with the same weasel games in mind; this woman knew the same about this thirsty, lame, sad-ass neg artist.
i knew that the time i spent wasting this scammer's time was really wasted time, that he wasn't going to learn a lesson; this woman knew the same about this thirsty, lame, sad-ass neg artist.
i knew that my time was mine to spend as i pleased, and i chose to do so amusing myself seeing how much i could make a desperate little monkey dance, that was my prerogative because i wasn't the one who chose to be a monkey in the first place; exactly the same applies for this woman here.
and you, with your lame little "why didn't you shut it down" argument - well fuck it. she wanted to make the monkey dance, and the monkey did dance. you're pointing at the organ grinder collecting the money as if she's the one with a lesser human dignity in the situation. ridiculous. this is just more of reddit's "a girl did it, so i have to object". there's thirsty, lame sad-ass neg artists everywhere.
------
( added around hour 12 of original posting ) pre - tl ; dr / hot take : this is all my opinion, and i in no way claim it to be infallible. if they want to discuss it, pm me and we'll ( reid ) duke it out of wit and words. when you wanna call me an idiot and tell me i'm wrong, i guess just make a comment at the thread and contribute little to the actual conversation : d ( added around hour 12 of original posting ) tl ; dr / hot take : i believe the design of this card fundamentally changes the game of magic as a whole. the card has very serious implications for the future of magic as a game ( be it good or not, i haven't looked that far, so don'make hate on me with strong emotions - - i'm looking at neutral aspects of the impact here ), and redefines more than just " dies to removal ". i have a lot of arguments for why, and i could respond to those here, but instead i'll write a paper / report or something on it then post it online. if you want to hear bits and pieces while i get it all together, just pm me! that said, these are my all my opinions. please hold it under scrutiny and judge it as objectively as you can. i want this discussion to happen. please don't just dismiss me with some vague absolutes and half - assed examples. take a look at / u / muzzynat and their comment below ( 2nd highest as of my typing this out ). i am saying in essence that the sentiment there is true, but in a slightly more serious way. # fiteme end hot take ; spicy memes below. - - - now that they've printed maybe one of the most versatile, and powerful, removal spells since maybe [ [ beast within ] ] or even [ [ vindicate ] ], how does it change how we assess new cards? the concept of " dies to [ [ doom blade ] ] " or " dies to [ [ lightning bolt ] ] " have been the go - to comments about how to evaluate creatures, while words like [ [ dreadbore ] ] and [ [ hero's downfall ] ] helped us evaluate planeswalkers. land destruction has been on the decline in standard sets, while artifact and enchantment removal depends on the current standard legal sets, and how wizards chooses to print answers. now we have this card that honestly doesn't care what card type you are. as long as you're destructible and targetable, it'll turn you into a basic land. is " dies to assassin's trophy " the new meme, or do we have to redefine our card evaluations going forward? ( added around hour 4 of original posting ) edit : so, predictably the thread ended up mostly memes and shitposts, which i'm totally fine with. it's funny and refreshing, since a lot of the sub has been about controversy and ire towards wotc for one reason or another. fortunately, i'm also seeing a few more serious posts about the card, and what it means for the future of assessing threats in comparison to removal. which was my ( mostly ) intended hopes for the thread. didn't realize i should have followed askreddit protocol and dropped a serious tag. doesn't matter, got memes. ( added around hour 5 of original posting ) edit 2, electric boogaloo : aaaaand we're back! automod tried to cast an assassin's trophy on my thread. i came with my wizard's retort today, though! let's go to next turn, shall we?
------
>and yet 0 profit? what good is it? i can walk down the street and find a penny and it would be more profits than tesla has made the last 15 years. don't worry, tesla won't make it through the decade. it'll be a brand bought up in bankruptcy.
so you're arguing that a <cur>50 billion dollar company that generates billions in revenue isn't better off than when musk took over? amazon didn't turn a profit for decades. i'm guessing you're not a businessman.
>both reusable rocket had been both invented and tested before spacex.
they didn't work. elon's does.
>how is he raping the government? look at all his projects and even at tesla itself. tons of public funding from tax incentives from his factories to the car itself. does lockheed rape the government? sometimes when they under deliver and out of budget which is synonymous with musk. the point is that musk only run to whatever industry has the public funding to pillage.
there's nothing wrong with contracting with the government to provide a public service. if the government felt like it was being "raped" these subsidies and contracts wouldn't exist. they exist because they're mutually beneficial. you need to use the word "rape" because your point is weak. you act like the us government is the weak party in this relationship lol
>economically feasible for a reusable rocket? by what standard? he certainly hasn't proven it.
yes, he has, considering the federal government contracts with him to use his rockets.
>and yes, anyone with enough money could build a rocket company. not sure how you can't process that. don't let your blindness chang that fact.
oh so now we're back to elon had unlimited money to start up spacex? i thought you just said he almost went bankrupt? elon used the money he made from paypal to keep it afloat and it worked. he didn't have <cur>165 billion and a <cur>1 trillion company like bezos to just throw at something until it sticks.
"anyone with enough money" is such a dumbass answer since that could literally mean any amount of money. yes, hypothetically, if "anyone" is gifted hundreds of billions of dollars "anyone" could start a rocket company. too bad that's completely irrelevant to elon.
>another failed project that musk got bored of after no more solar subsidizes.also, his inability to make a profit.
musk didn't start or operate solar city until it was bought out. dumbass.
>you're right. bezos wouldn't do something so stupid like plop himself on the line since he know how to manage and relinquish control to people who actually know what they are doing. carry on sleeping on the floor of the factory as if it'll change anything. also, since he owns space x, he can give himself any title. he can be magical rocket wizard if he wants. such a stupid point about his "credentials".
spacex is contracted by nasa. seems like it worked pretty well.
>
>are you sure? seems pretty stupid. no one else with the same standing does what musk does because they don't have the ego and they like making money, not losing it.
musk doesn't make money? he's worth <cur>20 billion. one of the wealthiest people in the world. you're saying people with big egos don't do what musk does... because they don't want to be worth <cur>20 billion? this might honestly be the dumbest point you've tried to make.
>i think point already has been proven that doesn't matter how you think overpriced projections may be worth. all that matters is profitability and that they have assets more than liabilities or at least enough income generated to continually fund operations. this requires a profit by the way or at least break even. they are failing on all accounts.
ahh ok so some random dumbass redditor that thinks he can be a ceo of a multi billion dollar company is giving his opinion on what "matters." did you tell all the investors that put in millions into tesla? i think they'd want to hear from a genius like yourself.
>apparently, you need to be a billionaire to call bullshit nowadays and their stupid cult like believers.
if you're going to say stupid shit like you could easily do what elon musk has done, than expect people to laugh in your face and ask why you aren't a billionaire yet. quit crying.
>i could reverse your whole psychology bit and say that you worship snakeoil salesman like musk because you haven't been able to accomplish anything significant in your own life so you support him so that you will feel that you are a part of it and associate with him. of course, virtue signaling to feel superiority when you didn't actually earn the right.
at what point did i worship him? i'm simply calling you out on your bullshit. musk isn't perfect, but he's been more successful than 99.9% of people and has taken on incredibly risky ventures in the process. i'm still curious though, since doing what he does is so easy and you claim you can do it, why haven't you done it so you can make billions too? c'mon dude, it's as simple as selling snake oil. because everyone knows millionaire investors are easily fooled.
you can't even stay consistent in your arguments, so i think it's quite clear who is irrationally angry and desperately floundering to find any valid criticism they can of a successful person that puts most people's accomplishments to shame. it's okay though, what he does is easy so i'm sure you'll be a billionaire tomorrow. good luck!
------
i'll try to break this down into parts. firstly, people find competition interesting. essentially all fiction involves some form of conflict or opposition ; conflict which is often personified in opposing characters or groups. competition is also a cornerstone of real - life entertainment, even activities that could be done alone or inter - competitively, like running or swimming, are conducted competitively at the highest level. we want to see who is the best and we want people to have an incentive to improve and adapt. the second aspect is societal. hip hop has historically been rooted in lower income communities with little upward mobility. this innately creates a culture of competition that was inherited by the genre. furthermore, when so many people from these communities have the same aspirations, they rationally want the people who achieve these ideals not be deserving. it's generally preferred that the people on top got there by being better than the competition and thus deserving of success. in that way it is at least somewhat fair, whereas if someone who is not considered deserving becomes successful it seems unfair and random. these " beefs " give artists the ability to establish their deservedness by showing that they are more clever or creative than someone else. from a literary or artistic perspective, rap beefs create a unique form of cooperation. image systems and motifs are distinct from simple symbols in that they persist and grow throughout an artist's work or works. they are usually, however, limited to a single piece or a series of artworks by the same person, so the robustness and complexity of said motifs or systems shares this limitation. artists responding to one another, however, will often share these artistic components, so independently of flourishing only the work of one person, they are embodied by two people in at least two different pieces. finally, it's just funny. people enjoy humor at the expense of others, especially when they are wealthy or successful people. more people will feel comfortable laughing at celebrities than normal people because it doesn't feel like punching down. a rapper saying that another rapper is less wealthy is different than a rapper saying that a random person on the street is less wealthy. in your case : you don't have a baseline as you can't discern the adaptations and improvements introduced by this type of competition. users lack an understanding of the career trajectories of the person in question so the challenges to and defenses of deservedness are without necessary context. and you don't follow the artists or their previous work so your understanding of the themes and artistic components at play is superficial at best, causing the lyricism to seem as though it's not " particularly bright or original. "
------
> well, you clearly think of homosexuals as inferior
that'd be pretty weird, considering i'm bi (and fine with it) and was named after a gay uncle. but please continue on with your conspiracy theory that everyone who uses boo-boo words you don't like on the internet is a secret nazi who wants to put the minorities in gas chambers!
>your incessant need to frequently mention the wrongdoings of jews suggests you possess an irrational disdain for jewish people, which in turn suggests some antisemitic leanings
nope. i actually grew up with jewish people, and i try to be pretty thoughtful about my viewpoints on the "jq". it's something i try not to talk about on reddit outside of certain contexts, such as /u/fernoklumpen's [thread](<url>) (the guy linked in the op) yesterday where he linked to a /r/fuckthealtright thread about alleged russian shills on the_donald or something. you can go through that thread and see how i keep asking people to explain how the anti-russian narrative is any different from so-called "nazi" hate speech against the jews, because from my perspective i see them as essentially 1:1, [except that an israel meddling narrative is probably more factually supported than the conspiracy theory against the russians](<url>). so you can read that image and respond with your thoughts if you want.
>you paranoiacally believe that the people investigating the president are anti-white, neocon traitors (this is the part where you call me an anti-white neocon).
you can't explain why me calling people like [this](<url>) or [this](<url>) anti-white is any more "paranoid" than you or /u/verysecretcactus calling /u/ultimaregem a "nazi".
if you're seriously confused why i consider the russian investigation anti-white, it's because you just called me an anti-semite because i've occasionally criticized jews. you don't get to have it both ways. you don't get to say that talking about white gentiles in a certain way is okay, but talking about other nationalities or ethnic groups in the same exact way, that's unacceptable because "fuck you, you were born wrong". guess what that is? a double standard. and it's a double standard that is anti-white.
>you despise when online public platforms exercise their right to freedom of association (this is the part where you say i hate free speech).
i don't even know what the fuck you're talking about right now. what i hate is double standards. we currently have a civil rights act, and many other forced integrationist laws, for basically twice as long as i've been alive. does it mean i hate freedom of association because i think it's hypocritical that we hold southern lunch counters and midwestern bakeries to higher standards of not-discriminating than some of the most powerful megacorporations in history? does it mean i hate freedom of association if i question how the fuck you're supposed to compete with [paypal](<url>) and [stripe](<url>) after being cut off completely from access to the financial system, in a country with fiat currency and a central bank where [competing paper money](<url>) is highly illegal?
>you certainly are leaning on the side of nazism.
fuck you, you fucking racist piece of shit. as far as i'm concerned, you basically just called me a kike or nigger. try to do some self-reflection and ask why i might think that without being a "cuuuhrazy radical right-winger" or whatever.
------
> 8 is easily the best of the 6 - 10 era of final fantasy. this's a tought sell, but i'll listen. > there's so various ways to approach the game, you can beat it without leveling up, and in fact going up in general causes the enemies to scale harder than the player until obscenely high levels. this has no broad appeal. players, especially back in the day, didn't replay a 50 - 80 hour rpg because it had replay value. i played through the games about 5 times and even though you can do weird stuff, it doesn't really benefit the game. the direction you get when playing the game for the first time is criminally misleading. drawing magic from enemies is something you don't ever need to do, but it's the first thing you'll learn with it being reinforced very quickly. magic refining from gf abilities is almost but glossed over with a very weak example and never reinforced. in addition, they put a barrier into your way by hiding powerful refines behind one - time aquire objects that also have other uses. why the hell would i refine cards when i don't know how fast i get better ones or if they have good synergy with upcoming cards. that's weapon grade stupid game design. > i just nly does each one bring unique methods of combat i am doubting your seriousness right now. how is every character unique? if you know the game, you wanna have 1 - 2 abilities in limit range ( either via low health than via aura ), and just wail on them with limit breaks. doesn'n matter which character as long as it isn't selphie or quistis. squall and irvine are clearly the optimal choice and not having them ready to do limit breaks is if possible is just hampering yourself. good games won't rely on you restricting yourself. they open up a space and interactions to explore. ff8 just doesn't do that. > but between gf abilities and the magic you choose to junction to each stat you have a level of customization not seen up until 12. so which is it? does every character bring unique stuff or can you mold every character to do exactly what you want? i agree with it being very highly customizable. the issue is that it doesn't show you on a normal playthrough. you get shoved into str - j after you get ifrit, but without the knowledge that you can almost immediately refine tier 2 spells through a complicated materia refine, it really doesn't come into any place until well into the 2nd disc. by then, you have learned that summoning gfs not only shields your characters but also gives you a sweet cutscene as well as a burst of damage. ironically, this is one of the only abilities on gfs you should never use. it's okay to de - ephasize summons if you structure your gameplay around it. ff8 failed to do that. > 8 and 9 are both imho superior to 7 it's fine to state that, but you don't say how. as far as customizability goes, ff7 is about on - par with ff8. materia lets you change who is the magic user, healer, brawler, fighter, tank, thief... quite freely. it also has different approaches to the game ( no materia, no equipment,... ) and each character is arguably more unique because weapons matter more in ff7 than they do in ff8. so what's your point here? i am not saying ff7 or ff9 are perfect. i played every one of them at least 5 times. i personally found repeatable card queen strategies for the pal version of ff8 and contributed a bit to the threads about the inner workings of ff8 on gamefaqs back in the day. i just don't see your argument. ff8 just isn't that great of a game, and sales as well as popular sentiment really seem to agree on that. while it is very interesting to dig through and manipulate rng, cards, events and do whacky stuff with the mechanics, for ordinary players this just doesn't matter. stop it with the rose tinted glasses and see the game for what it is : a flawed execution of some interesting ideas. it doesn't diminsh the effort on se's part, but it also doesn't somehow make it the masterpiece that eclipses ff7 and ff9.
------
> ah, so you're one of these "taxation is theft" barking loonies. okay.
no, i am not. i was not comparing taxation to theft, rather the act of taking money off a person, regardless of legality. you cannot say that not taxing one is giving one money for to give money, one first has to take money. now, if the government were to give a company a handout, that would be giving them money.
>lowering taxes benefits the rich more than the poor;
actually, it benefits both parties, via trickle down economics. the more money business has, the more it can expand, creating new products and advancements and hiring more workers with better pay. those that do not will not do as well (if your workers are unhappy your production will suffer) will go broke. think of it as free trade evolution.
>especially when it's offset by increases in sales tax, which has a negligible effect on the rich but a much *larger* impact on the poor.
has president trump raised sales taxes?
>trump's tax plan benefits the rich, and *only* the rich.
you mean the companies that hires workers and pay their wages, putting food on their tables? the corporate tax cuts mean they will have more money therefore can hire more workers, expand and eventually lower the price on whatever product or service they sell.
> and it is to the detriment of pretty much everyone else.
how so? how does it benefit a company to keep the majority of the population poor? the less money people have the less they can purchase goods and services which mean companies will soon go broke. this is why in countries with a mass poverty, there are no large corporations. a business cannot exist if everyone is dirt poor.
>"low taxes" is a rallying cry of the republican party, and people tend to intuitively support it, because they don't know anything.
the opposite is true. they support it because they know that free trade is the best way (so far) to have a prosperous country.
>tax cuts work when the most significant cuts are provided to the middle class; who spend the most and drive the economy.
what taxes to the middle class? the only way to cut taxes is to reduce business tax, given businesses pay all taxes.
>but trump's plan doesn't do that, because he doesn't give a shit about the middle class. his plan, like republican economic plans in general, favour the super rich. because that's all they care about.
which in turn favors the lower and middle classes.
even economists grudgingly agree trump has had a positive effect on the economy.
[<url>](<url>)
------
long backstory: i'm a 28 y/o female, and i moved back home with my parents last year after realizing i could no longer work in assisted living due to several mental and physical health issues. i decided to go back to school instead, and my parents all but insisted i move back home so i can focus on school and not have to work.
the four months after i moved in, i went from "doing my part" around the house to literally doing all of the cleaning, plus cooking dinners every night and being expected to look after their two dogs when they're at work or are away for an extended period of time. it reached the point that i was even expected to serve my mom her dinner when she got home from church at night. i ended up spending months scrubbing and deep cleaning the entire house because they don't do any deep cleaning. i kept being told that a cleaning rotation would be made to help out (but only after i was done doing the intense initial cleaning), but that never happened.
out of every financial aid disbursement, i pay my parents <cur>500 as "rent" (but they use it on other stuff), plus take them on a <cur>300+ grocery shopping trip, another <cur>100 or so on house stuff like the huge packs of tp, paper towels, laundry pods, dish soap, etc..., and i give them each between <cur>50 and <cur>100 just for them, not including any "gifts" (in quotes because they're expected, not necessarily offered) like a nice new wireless printer, home furnishing/organizing stuff, makeup for my mom, and taking them to expensive lunches/dinners at their favorite restaurant.
unfortunately (for them and for me), i began to flounder in school starting in january of this year after my toxic/emotionally abusive ex attempted suicide for the second time that i'd been with him (and i mean literally at his home with him), and just like the first time, i was the one who had to call the paramedics and get him to safety. the relationship as a whole left me in one of my worst depressive/suicidal lows. it also hugely triggered my other mental illnesses, including my ptsd, eating disorder, borderline personality disorder, and my non-epileptic seizures. i. was. a. mess.
by this past summer term, my brain and body felt used and burned out, and i knew i had to take a break from school. it was this same time that i realized my antidepressant was not working. i spoke with my prescriber and she decided to switch me to a different antidepressant. it worked, but for some reason it triggered a hypomanic episode (i'm not even bipolar, according to my therapist and prescriber...), and for 2-3 weeks i could not stop my constant restlessness and intense need to get out and do all the things. not to mention i was getting constant and intense brain zaps caused by serotonin withdrawal from coming off of one medication and onto another. my prescriber decided it was finally time i try a mood stabilizer and something for my nighttime restlessness, and it's been working wonders since i got on them 3 weeks ago. i'm now in the process of appealing my financial aid (i accepted for summer and went a couple weeks before i realized my head wasn't there at all).
i wanted to preface my current situation with this small novel (sorry!) because i feel it's important to know where i'm coming from when i present what's going on now.
this morning, my mom told (not asked) me i should wash dishes/clean the kitchen every day she works, which is monday through friday, since both my parents are working and i am currently not working nor am i in school (since i'm having to follow the long fafsa sap appeal process). i said no, because my schedule is so unpredictable with so many weekly appointments, and i also know well enough that if i start that, i'll be back to doing all of the cleaning and cooking like before, and i refuse to put that amount of work on myself.
naturally, she exploded and screamed that they're out working and i'm here just sitting around all day, which i'm not. i'm gone most mornings/afternoons at appointments or, god forbid, having a social/dating life that she insists on knowing every detail of, up to and including following me to see where i'm going and who i'm with. edit to add that i do clean and cook dinners several times a week, just not every single day like before.
anyways. so i made a counter offer with her: we would split up kitchen cleaning and cooking dinner, alternating between the two throughout the week, and my dad will get weekend shift. plus every week i would go through and deep clean one room of her choice. she flew off the handle and screamed at me that i'm not working and they are, so why should they have to clean? i feel i should also note that my mother, who is too busy to help clean, has time to attend church four days a week.
i feel like an asshole for saying no to kitchen cleanup every day of the workweek, but on the other hand, i really feel like that's way too much to ask.
and i know people are going to say "their house, their rules. don't like it? leave." i would love to, but that is not a financial possibility right now. i'm literally stuck here.
tl;dr: i told my mother that i am not willing to clean the kitchen every weekday because she has a habit of taking advantage and i know i'll eventually end up doing all of the cleaning/cooking/housework if i agree to it. i offered the solution of us alternating dinner duty and kitchen cleanup. she lost her shit and essentially accused me of being a leech, when i've gone over and beyond to help them and get taken advantage of every time.
am i the asshole?
------
# # welcome to the submarines ama!! we will be live going into the 5th. we will be answering questions all night on the ama. keep em coming : ) i am your host eric moreno. i am a us submarine veteran and the spokesperson of r / submarines. i am bringing you an expert panel of submariners, explorers, historians, authors, researchers, pod - casters and the us submarine rescue " falcon - 1 " rov pilot. helping me with this ama is / u / kapitankurt ( moderator of r / submarines and r / warshipporn ). us submarine world is one of the most unseen, unforgiving, classified, ground breaking and tight knit communities on the planet. we discover new life on almost every dedicated channel, explore the most dangerous places on earth and even research the origin of life. some of us live wild life ( akin to high security prisoners ) hundreds of feet underwater, loaded with more firepower than all the wwii explosives combined, powered by a fission reactor, tasked with deterring species ending war... all while being endlessly hunted like an underwater trophy kill. a vast majority of the submarine culture nurtures mis / disinformation. all aspects of the military and marine culture have their own secrets. this ama is dedicated to providing a means to resolve questions in a manner that is safe and comfortable for all parties. operational security ( opsec ) is going to be maintained at the highest level to ensure the safety of everyone involved. * * questions involving classified information will not be answered. * * i apologize before hand if your question doesn't get answered. simple questions like " how deep can you fly? " or " how fast can you go underwater? " are usually classified. we get questioned about classified material all the time so don't hesitate to ask us anything. everyone cleared to work with classified information is trained on how to deal the questions. the panel will approach questions as they see fit and follow any procedures required of them. # # # example : + / u / subama - david ayer - us veteran sonar tech on uss haddo - screen writer for u - 571 - director, writer, producer.... i could go on for a while. just read his [ imdb page ] ( < url > ) lol + / u / subresqpilot - us submarine rescue team " falcon - 1 " rov pilot + / u / joshdean ##66 - josh dean - author of [ " the taking of k - 129 " ] ( < url > ). writer for gq, [ mens health ] ( < url > ), popsci, [ bloomberg ] ( < url > ), [ task & purpose ] ( < url > ), and esquire + / u / scrappypunkgreg - greg m. krsak - us veteran mt2 / ss - trident d5 strategic weapons system, uss kentucky ( ssbn 737 gold ) and uss alaska ( ssbn 732 blue ) + / u / oceangateinc - ceo stockton rush and marketing manager dana hall - [ oceangate inc ] ( < url > ). - subaquatic exploration - currently testing their " titan " submersible down to 4000 meters with the 2019 goal of taking customers to explore the titanic. + / u / davidowen12345 - david owen - uk veteran sonar operator mechanic and leading engineering tech - hms tireless, [ icex04 ] ( < url > ) + / u / kingneptune767 - eric moreno - us veteran mm2 / ss ( auxiliary and weapons ) uss hampton'03 -'08, [ icex04 ] ( < url > ) + active mmc / ss ( 3mc ) andrew currently serving as onboard uss asheville. i will be handling the questions for him as he inst a reddit user. he is currently undergoing a reactor safeguard inspection and will be very busy. he will only answer a few questions. + / u / navhistwriter12 - iain ballantyne - author / historian of [ " the deadly trade " ] ( < url > ) and [ " hunter killers " ] ( < url > ), editor of warships international fleet review magazine - < url > + / u / whibbler - osint analyst, researcher, and submarine artist guru - < url >, author of [ " covert shores " ] ( < url > ) and the essential [ " world submarines recognition guide " ] ( < url > ) + / u / jamesonandmotorcycle - veteran mm2 / ss ( auxiliary ) fox - uss hampton ssn 767 + / u / eeobroht - norwegian active radio / operations submariner - served on 5 ula class submarines + / u / sts0924 - us active sonar tech - sts2 / ss gilbert - currently stationed on virginia - class uss colorado ssn - 788 + / u / vepr157 - russian and soviet submarine researcher / guru - moderator of multiple military subreddits including r / submarines - currently co - writing a book with norman polmar on aircraft carrying submarines + / u / maceast2nd - the [ " submersion podcast " ] ( < url > ) dedicated to watching and reviewing every submarine movie or tv show in existence. they also keep up with the latest in submarine news and interview people from the community. everyone on the panel has been instructed to hold of on answering any questions until 12p est to allow the up / down votes to filter questions. this ama is going to stay at 100 % active until tomorrow due to the time differences. everyone involved is scattered across 6 different time zones. the active submariners have unreliable schedules due to the nature of the job. we also have a few people taking business flights today. some replys maybe delayed due to this. i will keep everyone up to date if i am informed of any delays. # # # proof - < url > - < url > # # # additional proof - < url > - < url >
------
it's not just the facebook app that could be responsible. do you own an amazon echo, echo dot, use the alena app, have google's version of it? how about the google now (google assistant or whatever it's called now) feature that triggers a voice search on your phone when you say "okay google"? not so long ago samsung tv's were a concern as well. how about google allo? that scrapes your text/chat history. gmail does the same thing. did you ever wonder why you're getting really accurate friend suggestions from facebook, when you never updated your job/company in your profile? they're using gps and figuring out based on others, who you're around often in order to make those suggestions. facebook chat app likes to scrape your sms for information as well.
it's not tinfoil hatting, it's called targeted advertising. almost everything you do on google, with one of google's apps, and on the internet for the most part is tracked. not "big brother" style (although that's a separate conversation), but used to gather information about what you like, things you're interested in or need, etc. it's why companies can offer things like social media, search engines, communication systems, and other products for free. your information is collected, and profiles are built on this. this information is then sold, this is how you're getting to use these things at no cost, *you* are the product. i'm not sure since i'm not in advertising, but i don't know what sort of information is sold. it may not contain personal information, i don't really know for certain, but the fact that i get ads targeting medical products sure *feels* personal. the fact is i don't get to control exactly what gets collected. i don't get to choose who this gets sold to, and frankly i'd probably sell some of that info anyway, as long as it went into my pocket, even if that meant i had to pay to use some of these services as a result of them not being able to do it.
i know not everyone is uncomfortable about sharing information as i am, and it's worth pointing out that it's not like this info is being gathered with the intention of black mailing people or hurting them in any way. i just really value my privacy. i've got nothing to hide, but that doesn't mean i turn to the guy on the bus and start sharing personal information either.
there's still things you can do to increase your level of privacy. i'd suggest starting by reviewing what apps have access to each permission on your phone. you should be doing this for each new app that is installed, or if the permissions change on an update.
after that i'd suggest using ublock/privacy badget/https everywhere at a minimum. check out r/privacy and r/privacytoolsio if you're interested in learning more. i also have some websites i usually share with people, but i'm on mobile. if you're interested just drop me a pm and i'll forward them over when i get a chance.
edit: i spelled privacy badger wrong. (i'm not correcting it because honey badger don't care)
------
wow, thank you for that, and for everyone who commented above in this thread. i talked to her about it and of course the answer still isn't totally clear for me but this has helped. i do still love her, and i'm generally happy with us, but i always knew before graduating college that i wouldn't want to take a "traditional" path initially, i.e. get a full time job, an apartment, start a career right away, get more serious in the relationship, and so forth. yet here i am with all of that. the shittiest part is that i still love her and that i have an unbelievably amazing job right now, which if i decided to take a year off and travel or do something else, i would be giving that job up most likely and making it more difficult for me to find a job afterwards. she understands that i need to do this and that i would just resent her later on if i don't do it now, but she's also frustrated that i feel this strong desire to travel and find myself on my own for a while. she mentioned that i would do the travel thing and think of it as "meh" but then come back to not have my good job and potentially fuck all this up.
i think my biggest road block, besides the thought of leaving her, is incorrectly thinking i'm too old to do this kind of thing or that i'd be throwing away such a good thing that her and i have together. it just seems like she's ready to move on, get engaged and start our lives together when i'm still wondering what it would be like to live in another country for a while, or to get another degree. i'm sure everything i'm saying just sounds like a typical young 20's person who has no life experience and no direction, which is true haha, but what i'm feeling right now is legitimate and deep in my core and i can't keep ignoring it, trying to convince myself that making her happy will make me happy.
she even said that she was surprised that i had seemed okay with a 9-5 job and a stable life considering how much i've talked about doing the exact opposite for so long, but it wasn't meant positively. sort of that she's able to get a stable life, boyfriend and live independently because i forced myself into this mold so to speak. the one thing that's pushing me towards just breaking things off is thinking about all the unique and crazy experiences i could be having in another part of the world with new and interesting people if i wasn't living 10 minutes from where i grew up, doing the same thing day in and day out. things that i would potentially never get to experience if i decide to stay with her and we eventually get married and have kids.
sorry for the long ass response. you don't have to respond, i read your comment and just needed to write down my initial thoughts after having a discussion with her.
------
d2 vanilla was not bad, just had a hard limit on the content available because there was no random rolls on guns and armor. more loot fell from the trees like apples so by just 2 - 3 weeks in you could pretty well be " done " running the game. compared to d1, this was a travesty. d1 had an almost " infinite " grind feel to it. there was always something to it. another exotic, a god roll legendary, etc. d2 vanilla had none of this. then came the first dlc, which added fuck all and didn't really fix everything and that is when most people completely wrote the game off. but i think its important to recognize that the base game wasn't zero per se, it just wasn't infinite. you get x amount of content and then after awhile it just felt like why bother? so for the hardcore d1 players, it was like a kick to those nuts when we realized there just isn't shit to do. a few months ago warmind dropped ( 2 dlc ) and breathed a lot of life back into the game. random rolls weren't back, but they added multiple long challenging quest lines to get some of the best guns in the game, the new raid lair was properly challenging, strikes had some purpose again and most of all were fun thanks to random modifiers and strike specific loot making a return. and since most people skipped the 1st dlc, you had all of those guns to grind for a well and the grind this time didn't suck because strikes and patrols and pub events were actually kinda fun again. then they dropped the whispers of the worm mission randomly, and that is when we got a first glimpse at what they had in store for us coming forward. it brought back all the nostalgia of the first game. a post popped up on reddit where a guy found a random portal on one of the planets that only opened during a specific public event, and when you went through the portal it launched a new mission that had a 20 minute timer and the first half of the mission was one really long jumping / maneuvering puzzle. my first time going in i didn't even make it half way. so there was this mystery and life breathed back into the game, everyone was scrambling trying to get into this random mission with a strict timer and figure out what was at the end. so after a 10 - 15 minute traipse through the jumping section ( you can easily do it in less than 5 ~ after you know it ) you get to a room filled with some insanely tough bad guys. and then there is another room. and another. and the final room has a shit load of bad guys and 3 bosses. if you manage to kill those, you are awarded with the best exotic sniper ( honestly imo best exotic in the game ) which had insanely high damage and if you land 3 crits ( headshots ) in a row, you get that ammo back. so you have the highest dps sniper in the game, and it has infinite ammo if you're good, and its a callback to one of the fan favorite guns from d1. and then you get access to the heroic version of this mission which had special modifiers each week and if you found all the 5 hidden chests + completed it on heroic you got about 1 / 3 progress on the exotic catalyst which when completed made the gun even stronger. couple this along with all the other new exotic missions that weren't a secret, pvp in a decent state of balance and 3 raids, things were looking up. then summer solstice event happens which added another whole suite of armor to grind out, coupled with the new prestige raid lairs dropping 400 ~ power ( higher than previous max power ) weapons and again there is just so much to do. and now we had forsaken, the latest expansion drop 3 - 4 weeks ago which is honestly the biggest dlc destiny has ever had ( even looking at d1 ) and personally i think the absolute best dlc period. it just added so much and fixed nearly everything that the community found to be wrong with the game over the previous year. loadouts are extremely customizable, guns have random rolls so you have a reason to continue chasing specific things, armors have actually good perks exotics are actually exotic and don't just fall into your lap ( although admittedly this is probably something that will change as many in the community dislike just how rare they are ), pvp is quite literally the best it has been in any version of destiny ever, there is a new pvevp mode that is insanely fun and to top it all off there was two new locations to explore, the one you do while leveling, and then for the first time there is actually an entire public area designed for end game content, with challenges and stuff rotating weekly so each week you log in and it changes slowly getting more and more " taken ". the power grind is back, so you aren't max level and max power within a week or two of starting. in fact it is pretty likely that many players may not even reach max power level. there is once again that sense of awe when looking at someone with really good gear, knowing they worked their ass off for it. aaaand holy shit this is way longer than i anticipated so i'm gonna go ahead and stop.
------
actually, your data is backwards. let's take your own premise. adam and eve. if we all came from them, and now there are over 7 billion of us, then uniqueness is expanding, not accelerating. our genetics are unique, our fingerprints, not only are they unique, but unpredictable. analytics, ai, statistics cannot predict what the next generation's fingerprints will look like, in as much as analytics on " market research " cannot have enough fine - tuned data mining to predict what anyone will or will not do, period. so, according to you, no one is unique? your mother? just another breeder according with you? all your friends act the same and have the general same experiences that are so predictable as to always find " communal commonality. " again, this is just reflection of you. where do you get your doctrines? the little red book of sameness? if there is no uniqueness, then there is no comedy in the world, because all comedy is founded on finding that unique way of looking at the world that others cannot see and share in that perspective for a glimpse and laugh. in your world, there is nothing that great about any invention or artist because it's based on something else and randomness is easily calculated. yes, artists, musicians, engineers struggle to learn, struggle to recreate what others have done before they stretch their wings and make their own mark. that's what we are all here to do. not copy each other forever and just buy what joe buys and worship hollywood movies like joe does, and buy nike shoes because colin kaepernick is so cool. the problem with your ideas is that your comb of " unique " is too coarse. details are where you find that spark. god is in the details. even you, with your writing and style, yes, may be mimicked, but it is still something like you made. these are your thoughts ; your unique perspective and addition to the whole grand universe, and yes, what god will judge you on in the end, if you believe in that sort of thing. you wanting to strip the uniqueness out to the world just for the sake of proving that statistical data is valid is only to further prove that leeches can have souls. leeches ( that is what i call the zombie mind of a parasite, ) these intelligent zombies have little creative spark... just the lust for control and larceny. these intellectual zombies do nothing but regurgitate other's thoughts and beliefs without taking a moment to reflect on themselves and how they actually add to the productive world, instead categorize everyone else into groups so they can feel safer and justify their creative impotence. but in actuality, the world would not only not miss, but would be better off without them. the world is getting more unique everyday and things are changing. soon, the creators will be the ones calling the shots again and the bean counters with all their analytics will be on the bottom. the real, natural order of things.... and that just burns your beans, doesn't it? for the most part the average joe six - pack lives in a pigeon holed existence. this existence or social - economic paradigm is driven by 3 things.... 1 ) intentionally limiting educational system which discourages free - thought and logic and encourages conformity, worship of authority, and looking to the group for approval and status, ( prussian system ). 2 ) analytics ( surveillance state ) : those who put analytics and ego driven narcissism before ethics is a major problem with our current society. this is taking the machinations of corporations and controlling factions of governments to imperial levels of stupidity. de - basing humans to predictable little slaves for the elite ( leeches ) to dance on and not taking into account that * spark. * < - - - - you know, that thing that makes us unique, so the leeches can feel justified in " ruling over " us... 3 ) fake money supply : the babylonian money magic, with their built - in model of theft, fraud and deception needs to go, ( and is going, make no mistake, ) through more and more options for people to do commerce without a bank, i. e. - bitcoin, potcoin and the like. to me, it seems like the world is going to have a major paradigm shift very soon. and there is nothing that the leeches can do about it.
------
from kavanaugh's era : 1983 : [ " kids at play " : photo of dke's displaying their flag made of women's undergarments ] ( < url > ) 1984 : [ " the council of masters banned tang from campus last year. the fraternity dke and strohs beer have revived the competition at a new off campus location. " ] ( < text > ) 1985 : [ fraternity initiation antics demean women ] ( < url > ) [ " dke - pronounced " deke " ( rhymes with geek ). loud drunk jock frat. beer. burp. " ] ( < url > ) 1988 : [ racist conduct alleged at dke party ] ( < url > ) [ student charges dke members racist behavior at party ] ( < url > ) [ facism exists at yale in more than just dke and por ] ( < url > ) 1989 : [ adphi demands compensation from dke damages to house ] ( < url > ) before and after kavanaugh : [ the frat was suspended for 5 years in 2011 : ] ( < url > ) > during the fall of 2010 deke pledges at yale enraged campus feminists when they were obliged, as part of hazing, to push past a dorm that housed freshman women, shouting * * " no means yes, and yes means anal! " * * it is unlikely that the expulsion actually caused any of the women to fear harm - - and yale also has a longstanding guarantee of open expression for its students - - but yale college's then - dean, mary miller, first called for permanent banishment of the dekes, then, in 2011, settled on a five - year suspension. a feminist magazine had described the 18 - year - old pledges as " a moving gang of youths, chanting in deep, throaty voices for sexual assault. " 2 [ about 1973, a yale dke president said : ] ( < url > ) > " a few years ago the word fraternity had a great name and we were trying to play down the image of the drunken jock and build the fraternity into a gentlemen's club. i realized we had im proved our membership and could improve it again this year with another year of grace. but the trustees put their foot down and said that's it. we just couldn't make it any more. " 3 [ in 1967 george w. bush defended the hazing tradition of branding new members ] ( < url > ) : > in 1967, a yale daily news article exposed hazing traditions that make the stories of contemporary initiation rites seem like a mere weeklong frat party. " pledge week at dke this fall began with a food fight, " the article stated, " and ended with a hot branding iron applied to the small of each pledge's back. " the article, stating that beatings and hot coat hangers bent in a " d " shape were routine parts of dke initiation, led to a story in the new york times a week later, in which president george w. bush'68, a former dke president, defended his fraternity's practices. dke was later fined for its inappropriate initiation rites, but these days dke members said the fraternity no longer brands its pledges. 4 [ more on bush's defending " branding " including an excerpt from the 1967 nyt article ] ( < url > ) 5 [ the 2016 - 17 president of yale dke was suspended for " penetration without consent. " ] ( < url > ) > two women on yale's campus told business insider they were the victims of sexual assaults by brothers in delta kappa epsilon ( dke, pronounced " deke " ) during the 2016 - 17 school year. the university is aware of one of these instances. it issued a three - term suspension of the 2016 - 17 dke president after it made the determination that he had engaged in " penetration without consent. " yale's sexual - misconduct committee uses a lower standard of proof than the standard applied to criminal proceedings. more than a dozen other women told business insider they've witnessed or experienced separate instances of nonconsensual sexual contact by dke brothers since 2014, including unwanted kissing, groping, and sexual assault. 6 [ the reviews by current students on greekrank. com speak volumes ] ( < url > ) two weeks ago : [ frat accused of sexual misconduct sells 2 houses ] ( < url > )
------
what do y'all think of this letter to straits times forum. don't know why i got downvoted. and dk why they never publish. backstory : i applied for a summer internship at uber in san francisco with an idea to help them save on driver incentive costs. however, i was not given the opportunity to work out and yet my idea had been adopted and implemented in singapore. on hindsight, i realized how my idea infringed on the foundation of [UNK] ( work hard and be rewarded ) here's my opinion : with ride - hailing apps such as tada, filo, ryde and gojek emerging to compete for a slice of the pie after uber's exit, consumers should once again enjoy discounts and promotions when these ride - hailing apps start to compete with each other to gain ground on market share. however, we must not overlook the role drivers play in capturing market share for these companies in the " taxi " industry, therefore we can conclude that these ride - hailing companies would eventually roll out driver incentives to attract drivers to join their ranks. example : uber used to dish for incentives weekly over a certain number of trips clocked. imagine this scenario : 49 trips are required to be clocked in a week for a < cur > 200 incentive. let's assume an area say " tampines " with a 10 minutes radius which coincides with toyota's narrative of waiting less than 10 minutes for a ride. there is one consumer waiting for a rider in tampines and take her to clarke quay. there are only two drivers in tampines. driver a is closer to the consumer. there is one hour left on the clock to the end of the week. driver a need 1 more ride to make 49 trips to collect his incentive. driver b needs 20 more rides to make 49 trips to collect his incentive. who do you think should be assigned the trip? the ride should be assigned to the driver closest to the consumer. however, the algorithm can be designed in such a way that the ride goes to the driver with the least number of rides clocked that week, and since it fits into their 10 minutes narrative, driver incentive costs can be saved by spreading out the total number of rides to all existing drivers in an area, systemically allocating them. this goes against the foundation of meritocracy because driver a has been working hard ( putting in hours ) yet the ride went to driver b. with this opinion, i hope that the government would start an initiative to prevent these companies from designing their codes in a way that will infringe on the foundation of meritocracy, or even limit the use of such algorithms before drivers hit their incentives.
------
i wouldn't condone the behavior of name-calling or ad hominem, as that is obviously childish and gets nowhere, but i also wouldn't condone the having a problem with a lifestyle because someone claiming that lifestyle also happens to be an asshole. there are assholes in literally every type of lifestyle, so that point is moot, in my opinion.
i think it is also important to try and understand that someone who follows a vegan lifestyle has a completely different perspective about life and in regards to life than someone who eats body parts and bodily secretions. it would be almost impossible to describe unless you've experienced both sides. for a vegan, everyday life almost feels like you're living in a zombie movie and everyone you love, your friends, your co-workers are all killing and eating brains... but you're not allowed to say anything or else it will hurt the zombies' feelings. yeah, i can't see that making much sense to someone who still eats meat. it really just sounds crazy. but to vegans, still eating meat sounds much crazier. like, why would i do that now that i know i don't have to? why won't other people even take the time to see that a simple change makes a huge difference?
that feeling that vegans have that carnists have not felt has been deemed "vystopia." it is a bizarre feeling and not really a good one to have.
i'll try and shed some light on the experience.
ok, so, the reality is, the animals in animal agriculture environments are tortured, forcibly inseminated, bred to be fat and weak, have their families taken from them, and their bodily fluids taken from them until it is decided that they are shipped out for slaughter and ready to be eaten.
and then on top of that, peer-reviewed evidence-based research has proven that we don't need to eat animals or their bodily secretions to survive or even to thrive, and that you can even be healthier eliminating these products from your diet, and that its pretty substantially bad for our environment for a myriad of reasons.
ok, so, for a lot of people, after having reviewed this information, decide to go vegan. and a lot of other people, after being informed on the topic, don't go vegan. and vegans cannot understand why and it is pretty damn upsetting.
an example of what i'm trying to convey can be seen in the recent south park episode "dead kids." stan's mom, sharon, is incredibly upset about school shootings (and fair enough, rightfully so). but no one is listening to her and no one else is upset about school shootings at all and her husband blames her hysterical behavior on her period or menopause.
now, is acting out and wanting everyone to be upset with you a productive thing to do? usually, no. is being upset about the issue a valid thing to be? of course! we're all human, no one is perfect. no one is going to make you feel amazing about yourself all the time, and if they do, they're likely grooming you for something.
so, i agree with you. family comes first. i am vegan for my family. i know that the choices i make now have consequences all around the world and consequences for the future of humanity. they may be small or they may not be. but i know choices matter. and doing the right thing for others, for health, and for the environment we all live in is doing the right thing for my family and for myself.
what's my point of this whole response? i think i just want to ask if maybe you could give your choices a second thought and i will do my best to also be conscious about the choices i make, whether at the grocery store or in an online forum or anytime. choices matter.
and don't give power to the assholes that call people names. they're not productive in their actions most of the time but allowing them power over you in the name of spite isn't productive, either.
well, thanks for listening to this crazy rant haha have a blessed day!
------
> > tesla was nothing before him. > > and it still is with him. the output is laughable by even his own measure as he struggles to even hit his own arbitrary goals. they pulled in < cur > 4 billion in revenue last quarter. they are far from profitable, but you're really attempting to argue they're no better off than when musk took over? they're a globally recognized brand worth < cur > 50 billion. i'm sure you could do that in your sleep though, ok? lol > > bezos is worth < cur > 165 billion. musk stops a failed rocket launch from going bankrupt back when spacex stopped starting out and is intimately involved in the engineering and design of the rockets, while bezos is not. > > > you think bezos doesn't read? what you attempting to shame musk for reading to better himself? lol wow. > > remember that part about raping government for resources - you're only pointing out using the space x example. space x isn't done anything revolutionary. reusing rockets was possible decades ago. bullshit. no one did it. musk did it. therefore it was revolutionary. how is he raping the government? you're using hyperbolic words intentionally because your argument sucks so you need to exaggerate to seem like you have a point. does lockheed martin " rape " the government too with their government contracts? > companies don't do it because it's not economically feasible. also, it almost went bankrupted at his helm. it is economically feasible, as shown by musk. so at first you're saying any rich person can build a rocket company and now you're blaming musk for not having enough resources initially to start it up? you're just looking for stuff to be mad about. you arguments suck ass. > how's solar city working out? it was bought out by tesla. what's your point? > in terms of bezos, the course he reads, but he doesn't brag about it like elon does and think he has a hand in every engineering feat. he lets people who are actually has expertise do the work. you see bezos holding a pity party at his warehouse pretending to pack amazon shipments? you're equating packing shipments to designing rockets? do you know that musk is also the chief engineer at spacex? another fucking  point. > > absolutely garbage opinion. the opinion of someone that's probably never tried to accomplish anything significant in his life. musk didn't start with anything. he was an immigrant that nearly went bankrupt multiple times. he is as self - made a billionaire as there ever was. > > just like your opinionated statement. if musk came from what i have, i doubt he would be a billionaire either. my parents weren't owners of diamond mines or even functionally literate. we all get dealt the cards we have. i don't need to jerk him off like you do. i'm jerking him off for pointing out that it's absolutely retarded to think anyone could do what musk has? no, it's not just like my statements, because my statements aren't fucking stupid. > > companies worth billions? laughable. no you couldn't. > > based on book value, his company is actually worth less than zero, so actually, yes i can. only dummies like you want to keep propping him up while he burns your money through public offerings. unfortunately, i don't have a choice since he likes to raid government funding. he's already on to the next scam, to build tunnels lol. funding secure on that too? i don't own any of his stock. can't wait to see you start your multiple billion dollar company though. c'mon dude, you're just a temporarily embarrassed billionaire definitely not an insecure loser that has to criticize successful people to make himself feel better about his lack of accomplishments.
------
why did you put " defense " in quotes? it was a perfectly plausible defense even if she had hoped her sister would die, which is possible. you ignored the main feature of her light sentence - bernardo's prosecution was critically dependent on her testimony, and the only way that was going to happen was if donna was given immunity. this is normal when critical evidence is only gathered from a defendant. i believe rudi guilliani built a career on flipping mob figures that way, and scott mueller is doing it right now. the other important factor is that with two suspects just trying to pin blame on each fellow, making a case for one to be the leader requires making a case for the other to be the follower. if the prosecutor attempts to present them as co - instigators they will likely fall between two stools and neither will be convicted. that may have been relevant to the decision to present her as an abused follower, please don't know. you are fantasizing about the relevance of feminism to my responses. nothing i wrote earlier relates to feminism. you could trust the prosecutor's judgement of karla as the accessory not the instigator was affected by feminist dv and relationship abuse theory, and i agree that is likely. or if the prosecutor was a tradcon anti - feminist then you could instead blame traditional gender roles. or it could just be that the prosecutor for a case like this would have many years of experience with murders and the kind of sustained violent crime in which injuries are so severe they can not be hidden by reporting bias, in which men are overwhelmingly the perpetrators. in sexually motivated murders couple perps are rare and hard to untangle but in the normal case of a single perp the incidence of female solo perps is close to zero. so the assumptions of the prosecutor are not surprising. anyway, you are time - travelling. > she participated in the rapes which helped dispose of the bodies * ( with a big smile on her face ) * prosecutors at the time of the plea bargain did not know she encouraged and instigated the rapes, and her participation and the " great joy and enthusiasm " reported to be on the video tapes. the " deal with the devil " as it become later known gave her 12 years for manslaughter in return for making it possible to prosecute bernardo for the murders one quite reasonably thought him guilty of. > she also knew in advance that the victims she raped with paul ( with great joy and enthusiasm ) were destined to die in a video made after her sister's death she proposed to do more drug rapes of virgins, but none of that was known to the prosecution. > twelve years? men get more than that for minor offenses. men serve 12 years for minor offenses in canada? irrelevant anyway. if you have examples they are not men doing plea bargains crucial to enable conviction of serial rapist murderers. if you look up the sentencing guidelines for the time i'm pretty sure you will find 12 years was the maximum possible sentence for manslaughter, since it is hard to imagine how anyone could be more culpable than she was. she was not given the normal parole at 2 / 3 served. sentences for a single incident are normally concurrent in canada so she would not have served more time if charged with accessory to rape or other matters from that incident. it seems you think i am in favour of her light sentence. before the comment you objected to i wrote : " then they discovered the tapes proving she was a willing participant and deserved to never be released. i don't know the law around that, was it even possible at that stage to revisit her sentence? " i have now done some more reading about this case. not what i had intended for this afternoon but that's what happens when you get dragged into silly internet arguments. the guy is a standard psychopath with an incestuous pedophile stepfather and a mother who was neglectful at best, and likely worse considering the company she kept. there is a saying " you can't make a psychopath without psychopath genes ". his could come from his absent father or his mother. karla is more interesting, she does not fit any standard diagnosis and the obvious indications of being a high functioning psychopath are not confirmed by examining shrinks. psychopaths can be very difficult to diagnose though. psychiatrists note a striking emptiness at her core, a lack of a true self. that and her overwhelming attachment to and fear of abandonment by bernado remind me of another disorder. if that is true, if her husband is a good man then she will be good too. ( she married her lawyer's brother and has three children ). the risk as noted by a shrink is that she may take up with a psychopath at some stage. proposals to monitor her failed, it is not possible under the law.
------
it seems like there have been a lot of threads about this in the past several months, but almost none of them have mentioned *why* this happens so much, or rather why people don't get punished for it. this is definitely a bigger problem on the us east server than it is anywhere else (and if you're immortal ranked on that server or have watched any high mmr na/sa streamer, this should speak for itself), but the problem still exists on other servers.
the first reason is that intentional feeders avoid being reported way too frequently. the following can be true for any mmr bracket, of course, but 3 reports a week is not enough, considering how many players at the highest mmrs play something like 7 games a day or more. this works in more than one way -- someone who runs down mid or destroys items once every day will never be punished if they play 9 more games per day and don't get mass reported in them. for some reason, valve allots a specific number of reports per week rather than per number of games played, but they punish players based on how many reports they receive over a certain number of games, rather than within a certain amount of time.
the problem that's unique to the highest mmr games is that the report cooldown is too long (several weeks), but odds are, you will play with the same players multiple times a day. this means if someone decides to intentionally lose more than once on your team within a few weeks, you can't report them for it. another issue is that if someone else tanks an abandon for their team due to someone else griefing, nobody can report the griefer unless they stay until the end of the game for some reason, which defeats the purpose of someone doing their other teammates a favor by abandoning.
because of how ineffective valve's automated system is at punishing anyone, there are then players who name themselves things like "i will feed if x is on my team" (presumably because x ruined a game on their team earlier). they know that reporting them will do absolutely nothing, which makes them feel like the only way to "punish" other players is by doing the same thing on their team in the future and ruining another game in the process. even the most frequent game ruiners rarely get low priority, let alone any kind of ban. on us east, players like liangy, nikitta, geza, sladin, lucifer morningstar, bloody nine, and leostyle are almost universally known as serial griefers who run down mid or destroy their items if they don't get their role or if they think the game is over, which then leads to other players ruining games when on their team.
the second reason is that behavior score does not affect matchmaking in the immortal bracket, unlike in all other mmr brackets. this is much more apparent on eu servers, where there are more players. because of this, even the most egregious griefers are able to queue and play normally as long as their mmr is high enough. i don't know if anything can be done about this without affecting queue times too much, but it's worth pointing out.
------
i'll try to break this down into parts.
firstly, people find competition interesting. essentially all fiction involves some form of conflict or opposition; conflict which is often personified in opposing characters or groups. competition is also a cornerstone of real-life entertainment, even activities that could be done alone or non-competitively, like running or swimming, are conducted competitively at the highest level. we want to see who is the best and we want people to have an incentive to improve and adapt.
the second aspect is societal. hip hop has historically been rooted in lower income communities with little upward mobility. this innately creates a culture of competition that was inherited by the genre. furthermore, when so many people from these communities have the same aspirations, they rationally want the people who achieve these goals to be deserving. it's generally preferred that the people on top got there by being better than the competition and thus deserving of success. in that way it is at least somewhat fair, whereas if someone who is not considered deserving becomes successful it seems unfair and random. these "beefs" give artists the ability to establish their deservedness by showing that they are more clever or skilled than someone else.
from a literary or artistic perspective, rap beefs create a unique form of cooperation. image systems and motifs are distinct from simple symbols in that they persist and grow throughout an artist's work or works. they are usually, however, limited to a single piece or a series of pieces by the same person, so the robustness and complexity of said motifs or systems shares this limitation. artists responding to one another, however, will often share these artistic components, so instead of flourishing only the work of one person, they are developed by two people in at least two different pieces.
finally, it's just funny. people enjoy humor at the expense of others, especially when they are wealthy or successful people. more people will feel comfortable laughing at celebrities than normal people because it doesn't feel like punching down. a rapper saying that another rapper is less wealthy is different than a rapper saying that a random person on the street is less wealthy.
in your case:
you don't have a baseline so you can't discern the adaptations and improvements introduced by this type of competition.
you lack an understanding of the career trajectories of the artists in question so the challenges to and defenses of deservedness are without necessary context.
and you don't follow the artists or their previous work so your understanding of the themes and artistic components at play is superficial at best, causing the lyricism to seem as though it's not "particularly bright or original."
------
>i don't know if you care about actual progress, but this kind of mentality that "nothing really works anywhere anyways" is very harmful to moving forward in our societies, and is very popular with authoritarian regimes because it perpetuates the idea that things can't get better and other governments are just as corrupt as theirs, only they hide it.
i completely disagree. i would argue that the majority of the us population is very complacent with the current state of their country and, in general, believes that their country is more progressive and free than it really is. sticking your head in the sand isn't a way to create progress - criticising and inciting social change is. if comparing the us to china is an effective method if condemning an action (because china is seen as an enemy) and this in turn instigates change, then that is a good thing.
>the united states certainly has its faults, and the sabotage of this book isn't great, but in general american government does pretty well with handling (or rather, not handling) dissent and opposition. in fact the popular media right now is incredibly critical of our current administration constantly, and that's already on a whole other level than what is allowed in china.
nobody us claiming that the us is as bad as china. the comment that you responded to is making an observation about the way in which the general us population looks down upon other countries for transgressions that their own country is guilty of, all the while being ignorant or accepting of those transgressions when it occurs within their own country. additionally, just because media coverage is currently turning on the dumpster fire of an administration you elected, it had a completely different strategy pre-election. one incidentally positive action doesn't show that the us is a magical and free country.
>throwing around claims of equivalency without nuance because you're cynical is dishonest and irresponsible.
how is it dishonest and irresponsible? it's a completely valid criticism to make. the us has *many* problems with corruption, from political donations to media monopolies. just because the us isn't literally a dictatorship like china doesn't somehow mean that it's invalid to compare the two. they are both superpowers that will face similar issues, and comparing how the two handle those issues is pretty important.
ultimately, this comment feels like it has nothing to do with perspective, and everything to do with defending some misplaced sense of national pride.
------
honestly, i'm at the point where i sometimes feel bad for jon. in a lot of ways he almost does remind her of my mom, who passed away a few summers ago after a long battle with drug addiction. i see a lot of her in him when he goes into these single minded rants, and it really gets painful to see from a human standpoint. it's beyond obvious that jones has an issue with substance abuse, but the narcissism is what kills me the most. my mom's biggest hurdle - one she was never able to clear - was that she absolutely would not and could not acknowledge in any real sense that the damage she brought to friends, family, and strangers alike, was her fault. there was zero ownership beyond the most cursory amends, and her attitude towards her guilt was basically to treat it all as if she'd been given a parking ticket. " yeah ok i might've done that, but you / they did this. " it was zero acknowledgement that something was very wrong and that it would get worse. i don't know jon, but knowing that he wrestles with addiction, it's easy to then start noticing everything that comes with it. addicts feel and act, almost to a man, that they are different or that they hide it better, but it's always the same shit. the lies told and the excuses made. in their minds they're the first to think of it, but they're never any different. the justification is endless. the narcissism exacerbates it. it's the ouroboros - the snake eating its tail to sustain its life. for my mom, it was the most sad, misplaced hatred of people who lived better ( had more money ) than she. for jon, it honestly appears to be daniel, or at least daniel is the face given to whatever really drives it. perhaps it could be the fact that daniel is or represents that which jon has pretended so hard to be all these years, though i'm not qualified to do anything but speculate. jon is an immense, prodigious talent. he has what so many of us must literally kill to be given, were it an option. he has all of that, and yet this increasingly is the caveat - that he can't get out of his own way. we selfishly get to see it as years we miss out on seeing his greatness at his sport, but for him this is genuinely something that, if you can't or won't truly get well, will absolutely destroy you and the relationships you hold dear. i don't want to see jon back in the octagon. not if he can't get truly healthy. i say that as somebody who literally found the body of another who couldn't. the pain is unreal, and even years on i still see its effects daily. you can't serve two masters. training for a fight and truly getting well in your head and spirit cannot be accomplished simultaneously. i'd much rather see a guy have a long, meaningful life with those he loves than i would watching them try to throw yet more stuff into the abyss.
------
let me offer you some insight.
colbert was completely cold towards him the whole time. he was deliberately trying to shit on bill burr and it's completely obvious. you can even see burr baffled as he didn't do any lead up to the bits.
"is there anything that makes you angry?"
you can see they of course discussed the bits before and colbert should have done a lead up to him flying there or something. anything. but no.
burr is almost teary eyed at the betrayal. look at colbert's face as burr walks into his seat. just look at it.
the editing was very awkward and it's very clear that colbert himself was sitting in on the editing telling the editor to cut off at any of the hype. always cut early into colbert being completely deadpan at everything burr said and making it deliberately awkward. spending way too much time on colbert's disapproving very concerned face like he was tucker carlson or something all of a sudden.
there was no back and forth it was very rushed.
everything burr said, colbert just shat on and didn't want to play along at all. he knows exactly what he was doing from the shitty primer introduction, even down to the goddamn mug.
final straw was the rushing into the clip which he had absolutely nothing positive to say about and trying to just guilt burr into admitting how much of a shithead he is how horrible it is that he depicts his childhood that way.
bill would probably be the first one to admit that he had a shit childhood, but he is playing with the hand that he was dealt and colbert was having none of that for some reason. he clearly had it out for burr the whole time.
i know reddit has a boner for colbert and think he is hilarious, but i think he has just become a bitter old crank and full of himself. he can't stand somebody the likes of bill who doesn't just go on and on about trump and all that bullshit.
i think colbert was trying his best to be a dick to burr the whole time on purpose and it shows. he probably thinks that burr goes against everything that his yuppiehippie crowd adores about his new pandering smarmy shtick. i really don't like the new colbert at all for full disclosure, but this is the worst i've seen of him and i think it's because burr didn't want to talk about the things colbert wanted to talk about and promote his feelgood pussyhat style populist garbage.
you can even see it on bill's face like "what did i do to deserve this? why are you going after me like this wtf?"
just my 2c and you can check my comment history before accusing me of being a russian troll or a trump sympathiser or anything like that.
------
so, no overhaul...just a complete tweaking of nearly every aspect of the game toward...ameliorations, no doubts.
the main quest end game being too far away from the beginning i kinda can understand it : it's a long game. the main quest can be burned through kinda fast though, especially if combats are not a problem to you.
filler is filler and i have yet to play a rpg that hides it better than the w3 with a good padding of story. all side quests have unique dialogues and a small to medium setup to justify the fetching. and the fetching is nearly always a way to force you into remote location with a bit of loot. at the end of the side quest, there is often a twist or a choice that change de perspective of that ''generic'' side quest that invite you to reconsider your actions. what more do you want? what game does it better?
death march being ''incredibly easy'' is a drole statement. you will not convince me that you can slay ''*anything* in the game'' not even at level 10. unless you consider that playing a game include rolling around a small random encounter for 1h because you hit 2dmg and the thing instakill you with a fart.
i agree though, by the endgame, nothing stand before geralt and a tweaking should have been in order.
i don't understand what you mean by humans or creature not respecting the lore or atmosphere or mechanics...it's an rpg with elements of crafting...not a survival game, not a shooter (gods know the crossbow sucks), not a realistic medieval combat simulator either...you wanted a realisticly easy to kill witcher that died a thousand death before even reaching novigrad to keep within the lore that no human (even mutant) is a real one man army?
i don't grasp either what was so disapointing by the end. i do remember feeling a bit empty because i wanted the bloody game to go on after the last dlc...but not because i felt cheated or under entertained by the game.
as to what other game offer more, it's not that loaded : i'll give you example.
skyrim being more sandboxy allowed to play anyway you liked the game regarding combats and skills. that's a plus.
there where loads of fetch quest with very thin padding though.
i liked that any character could play any faction.
by the end of the game, it felt completely out of place to be a magician orc leading a revolution while being master of a school while dualwielding axes though. the suspension of disbelief was broken for me by that point.
mass effect was another great game, but not perfect either. i liked that you could play male or female and that it unlocked not only romace, but also quest ending regarding differents factions. the combat and skills being loose made it possible to specialize and play the way you wanted, without falling into the ''that's too much'' of skyrim. the dialogue option where lacking in choices, and often in clarity too.
all in all, it's personal and all opinion can be voiced. i do feel one must bring some argument to back opinions though.
------
the civil unrest discussion is not a separate discussion. its directly related. and i never said you were specifically a perpetrator of anything. i dont know you. your argument from analogy falls flat in the sense that it is a much more direct example where we know exactly the value of what was taken and who specifically took it and specifically who was taken from.
one of the issues with broad stroke attempts to remedy past injustice is that there is no way to measure what was taken. this contributes to a perpetual question of whether the injustice has been repaid. which leads to a perpetual state of people feeling line they are entitled to something, and they demand more.
secondly, many minorities here today were not subject to these laws and still benefit. black families that moved here after that period in history still benefit from policies like affirmative action. this contributes yet more to the lack of precision in the application of the law.
further, most white people didnt own slaves. i cant recall the exact percentage. however, it was single digit percentages. so to erroneously make the claim that whites more broadly need to accommodate these people for acts not committed by them or by anyone they were related to is even more malicious.
and ultimately, all this amounts to is creating resentment by treating people unfairly now that from every frame of reference they have, they have done nothing wrong to warrant said unequal treatment.
as a final note, if your dad stole money from my dad and bought you a bike. i wouldn't make you return the bike, regardless of the law. i am a staunch advocate of the idea that doing something wrong does not remedy past wrongs. it only serves to breed further resentment.
i lived in korea for a time. i loved the people there. i also loved visiting japan. the koreans and japanese have a long standing dispute over the comfort women during the war. and quite frankly, i always felt like they were letting the past negatively affect the present. any japanese people old enough to have perpetrated those acts are exceptionally old by now and the younger generations somewhat rightly are reluctant to admit that they are to blame for the past. do i think the government should do more to apologize? sure, perhaps. but it isnt exactly like they dont have reason to consider the issue settled since they did pay a sum of money at one time for that purpose. admittedly, a pittance. however, the korean government accepted those terms at the time. either way, this is a long way of saying, the past belongs in the past. that is the only way we will ever move forward.
------
can someone please tell me what i'm what missing about crazy rich asians? the film has a 93% rating on rottentomatoes and reviews seem to range from "it was alright" to "it was actually quite good". i absolutely hated it, and thought that in so far as any piece of art can be said to be objectively garbage, surely this is it. here are some reasons why:
1. this movie asks us to empathize with characters whose main problems stem from being one of the richest families in asia. the protagonist has a choice to make between taking over a billion dollar company or living like a king with the love of his life in new york city. who identifies with these characters? what audience are they speaking to?
2. i have never seen a movie so utterly devoid of conflict. for the first hour everything and everyone is rich, hot, and perfect, and then the slightest of all problems arise when the mother doesn't like her sons girlfriend. the stakes in this movie were so incredibly low and uninteresting that i felt i was constantly waiting for a punchline that never came.
3. there is zero character development from anyone but the mother. i kept on waiting for the dark family secret, or the fatal flaw in the prince to be revealed, but it just never happens. nick is perfect. he is perfect at the beginning and he is perfect at the end. rachel is kind and sweet at the beginning and she is kind and sweet at the end.
4. a sold 45 minutes in the middle of the film was dedicated no nothing but shot after nauseating shot of lavish parties. from the mansion, to the batchelor party, to the batchelorrete party and beyond. fireworks, exotic food, expensive clothes, naked women, i felt like i was in a tasteless pitbull music video the entire time. but i held out hope. i thought perhaps the movie is setting us up for a fall, these luxuries will weigh heavily on nick, and as the empire crumbles the family and nick will see that this lifestyle comes with a price. boy was i mistaken! the end of the movie comes with a 40 million dollar wedding and then an extravagant engagement party, and as the very last shot of choreographed swimmers and fireworks fades i felt both relieved and deflated.
now, i quite like a good romantic comedy, even if it is formulaic and cheesy, but cray rich asians does not qualify. this movie felt contrived and souless, as if it occupies the same niche as gossip magazines who survive on selling normal people a lie of what its like to be rich and famous. i felt like i was either a member of the paparazzi or a servant balancing a tray of champagne glasses for the entire movie.
please help me. what do people like about this movie?
------
> sasuke has always been more creative in creating new techniques, he always comes with new abilities like : manipulating amaterasu to make a shield, the ability to swap places using rinnegan, he didn't create any of these, both of these are special ms and rinnegan abilities, only belonging exclusively to him. > make a merger of susano'o with kurama's avatar. these isn't a technique, even madara did this. even naruto did plenty of stuff that can be labelled as technique creation if this is considered as one, for i. e he created chakra arms, something even kyubi itself cannot accomplish. i'm not saying that sasuke isn't creative, he is, but so is naruto. also, in this novel, he based this " lorentz gun " off the scientific ninja weaponry's new research, the hokage - the one who these scientific ninja guys work directly under - should also be able and do this, so questioning wether the the leader of this whole village can use this or not shouldn't even be a question in the second place. > naruto relies more on the skills he already has and enhances them, such as the big ball rasengan and rasenshuriken that are absolutely op. so they're just following the technique as it always was. he used earth style in one of the other chapters, aswell as the shadow shuriken technique in the anime, the databook also stated that he has * many * more techniques, so there's not true anymore. i would agree with you if it was part 1 or shippuden, but hokage naruto has shown enough variety for me to disagree with this. > naruto can also use ice, as six - path sage mode gives you access to all elements, including ice, lava, boil, stone, and ying - yang. zero cannot use ice, he uses all the other elemental bloodlines because of the 9 bijus chakra, an element used in that rasenshuriken barrage corresponds to a specific ability inside him, ice doesn't belong to any of the biju. > i understand some concerns, but understand that another focus of the story is now boruto who is training specifically with sasuke in a sasuke's novel, so because of this we are seeing more of sasuke ' s abilities. except we saw sasuke use ice style in a part of the story which had nothing to do with boruto, and that part was obviously done in a way to glorify him - konohamaru's reaction in that scene only further proves my point. the thing is, if they wanted to show any character's abilities, they'll simply mold the story in a way which suits that, the training part is actually irrelevant in the grand scheme of things. anyways, let's just agree to disagree.
------
> very interesting discussions you two have there, i would like to comment a little if you don't mind. please continue. but more the merrier! > perhaps " personal preferences " seem a little too arbitrary. to christians, believing something based on " personal preferences " seems to do with one's stubbornness at sinning and reluctance to change one's worldview, eg. " i want to steal, but the bible says it is evil, hence i believe bible is wrong. " another example is " i want to succeed, lying could help me towards that goal, the bible says lying is wrong, i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie, therefore i feel bad for lying. " > so no, more often than not, atheists find something in the bible that makes no sense at all ( to them ), and that is how personal preference, or personal * judgement * comes in. fair enough. for me, ( and the fellow i have been talking with from what i had gleaned ) the argument for disbelief would go like " i want to do what i want to do, the bible says i can't, if i decide there is no god i am free ". with this goal one would discount any signs or logical arguments to the contrary. > regarding beliefs, i actually agree with you. unlike what many christians believe, our beliefs are caused by your upbringing and history and worldviews etc. anything is true... theists and atheists > i'm just curious abt one thing though, to what extent do you think one should suffer eternally because of their atheistic beliefs, given his beliefs are beyond his control? i find the idea abhorrent, but my feelings don't dictate whether or not a thing is true or not. i believe that god is omniscient and just, and as such either that is false or the thing is not as it seems to my limited mind. > i'm also curious what do you mean by " hedonistic lifestyle ". what did you do during some period of your life, whom did ya hurt with your actions? and if you hurt no one, both directly or indirectly, why is it wrong? i was a drug addict that lived for pleasure. i would shirk the responsibilities to those i loved and encourage others to do likewise, lie when it suited me, use people for sex despite the emotional damage it would do to them, seek vengence to sooth my wounded pride ( physically, socially, monetarily etc ) i could go on but i think you get the gist. > i believe that human actions are caused by different factors, including greed and selfishness and fear of repercussions etc as you two have mentioned, but i also think empathy plays an important role as well. me too, but keep in mind that empathy, if it is the sole guiding principle of ones life can lead to extreme cruelty. i can provide examples upon request, but i'll assume you know this. > why wouldn't i steal someone's wallet even if i wouldn't get caught? cuz i know someone would suffer because of that ( duh ) and because of their suffering i would suffer because of my empathy for others. that's all well and good as long as the benefit you will receive is outweighed by the guilt you would feel. > if the only reason someone doesn't rape and murder is their religion, then i think he has a bigger problem than his religious beliefs. i agree. i never said it was the only reason, but to deny that isn't a reason, ( and a powerful one ) is false.
------
ok first off, many of the sites you gave, no one has ever heard of, and many of the links don't even work. i have links that show good results : < url > > circumcision of males represents a surgical " vaccine " against very wide variety of infections, adverse medical conditions and potentially fatal diseases over their lifetime, and also protects their sexual partners. in experienced hands, this common, inexpensive procedure proves very safe, can be pain - free and can be performed at any age. medical benefits vastly outweigh risks. the enormous public health benefits include protection from urinary tract infections, sexually transmitted hiv, hpv, syphilis and chancroid, penile and prostate cancer, phimosis, thrush, and inflammatory dermatoses. in women rejection of the male partner provides substantial protection from cervical cancer and chlamydia. circumcision has extra - sexual benefits and reduces sexual problems over age. it has no substantial effect on penile sensitivity, function, or sensation during sexual arousal. most women prefer the circumcised penis for appearance, hygiene and comfort. given the convincing epidemiological evidence and biological support, routine circumcision should be highly recommended by all health professionals. < url > > adult male circumcision was not linked with sexual dysfunction. circumcised men reported increased penile sensitivity and enhanced ease of reaching orgasm. these data indicate that integration of male condoms into programs to reduce hiv risk is unlikely to adversely effect male sexual function. < url > > circumcisions are performed either prophylactically in the neonatal period or therapeutically at a later age. about 10 % of males not circumcised at birth will eventually require circumcision. the present neonatal circumcision rate is about 80 % in the united states and 40 % in canada. the single most important determinant of whether a newborn male will be circumcised is the attitude of the attending physician. the literature was reviewed to determine the proven benefits of circumcision and to compare these with the known risks. circumcising the newborn facilitates penile hygiene, prevents cancer of the penis and decreases the incidence of genital herpes in later life. whether it decreases the incidence of cancer of the cervix is still uncertain. more important, neonatal circum ##cision is associated with much lower morbidity and mortality and with lower costs than therapeutic circumcision. thus, prophylactic circumcision is recommended for the male population as a whole. < url > > the evidence for the long - term public health benefits of male circumcision has increased substantially during the past 5 years. if a vaccine were available that reduced hiv risk by 60 %, genital herpes risk by 30 %, and hr - hpv risk by 35 %, the medical community would rally behind the immunization and it would be promoted as a game - changing public health intervention. we could play this game endlessly. my point tho is about winning the bigger, less disputable mra issues.
------
> you only call the god that you follow " god " because of where you were born and raised. if you were born in indonesia, you'd be a different god. actually christianity is the main religion in indonesia, so you missed the mark there. but i totally get your point and ya're not wrong. that doesn't mean much though. i grew up in america with the imperial measuring system. most of the area of the world is metric. metric is better. that doesn't means i can't use imperial to measure things. plus, people convert all the time. it's a small world. people change religions fairly often. > it surprises me the way that such intelligent people can be so obviously brain washed with this religious cult information. i am an atheist and i treat people with care and respect. these two sentences contradict each other. you treat religious people with condescension and disdain, yet say you treat god with respect. those aren't actually in line with one another. as for your being an atheist. i certainly have nothing against that. many of my best friends are atheists and i was one for several years in my 20s. faith is personal and if you don't have it, i can't force you. it's something you need to experience on your own. > i don't hurt anyone. sure you do. almost all do. especially if you are involved in modern society. maybe if you're a hermit, living off the land, but then i wouldn't be talking to you on reddit. the power you consume to browse the web is dirty and pollutes the air, the car you drive is dirty and pollutes the air, the food you buy is farmed in factories that are dirty and pollute the air. all these things contribute to global warming they will kill us all, unless it is stopped. do you watch porn? i'm sure you do. that hurts people. capitalism is an exploitative industry, which ruins lives. do you buy clothes that were made in china or taiwan? that hurts people, through slave wages and manual labor. do you pay taxes? your dollars have been used to kill people. do you come into r / christianity and shit on people's deeply held personal beliefs so you can feel superior? that also hurts people. do you try not to insult people? great. do you do your best to be a nice person? great. i believe you. and i'm glad that you are doing your best. but we are all part of a corrupt and destructive machine that hurts people and unless you are completely living off the grid and disconnected from modern society it is virtually impossible to not be contributing to. > i think religious beliefs have been very damaging to the course of human history this is a ridiculously broad statement that has almost no merit. while the moral fundamentals imparted by religion seem endemic now, they were not always that way. many ancient cultures had wildly different morals than we do today. no, modern people don't need religion to teach them modern morals and people can certainly be good ( as good as a human can be anyway ) without religion. but there have been many cultures in the past that were far more brutal, which would seem morally reprehensible in today's view. ( we descended from primates after all, who can be a rape - y, vicious bunch. ) the modern set of morals we work with today are a direct result of religion. yes, religion has been used negatively as a weapon or tool of control by governmental system and authoritarian leaders throughout history. so has atheism. stalin is estimated to have killed 20 times more people than those killed in the crusades. power hungry men, will use whatever tools they have at their disposal and manipulating people through twisting their core beliefs is a big part of that. whether that is in a god or against a god. yes, the catholic church is responsible for the repression of certain science during some eras. ( sorry galileo ) but it also established the university system, which is the basis for our higher education to this day and funded more hospitals throughout history than any other organization. the problem with religion is that it requires people to carry it out. and as i've established, people are fundamentally assholes - even the good ones. yes, a great deal of bad has been done in the name of religion throughout the years, but a great deal of good has been done as well and despite the seeming opposition of both ends of the spectrum, the history of modern science is intrinsically tied to the church. also... the history of western art, literature and even the act of writing and reading itself are tied deeply into the roots of the church. while you may believe religion to be responsible for most war throughout history, very little war was fought over gods. mostly wars are about land, money and power. only about 10 percent of the wars in history have been fought solely over gods. > which extends for several hundred thousand years btw. oh my word, you are so crazzy. the earth is only 5, 000 years old. or that's what i might say if i was a literalist and believed you could get the age of the earth by adding everyone's ages in the bible. that's silly. biblical literalism didn't even start until the protestant reformation and didn't take its current shape until the 1900s with the rise of the fundamentalist movement. for most of the history of the church, it was understood that scripture required interpretation. you're not shocking anyone by listing the age of the species. i also believe in dinosaurs and evolution. > there have been over 300 gods and deities created by man. yours is just another one. there have been way more that that my friend. the hindu have over 30 million in their pantheon alone. heck, in the early days of judaism, yahweh was just one of many gods. a tribal warrior god for the jews. so while christianity only believes in one god, it springs from a religion that - several thousand years ago transitioned from panthiesm to monotheism. but, not being a literalist, i am cool with that. i believe that god is real because i have had numerous deeply personal experiences with him. they are proof to me. my proof is not a book. i don't follow god because the bible tells me to, i follow the bible because god tells me to. maybe god tells some other people to follow the eight fold path, or the vedas, or whatever. or maybe those religions are following demons disguised as gods. i don't know. what i do know is that the message of jesus - as lost as it is on so many christians these days is that we should love one another, care for one another, forgive one another and that we are all - even the worst pieces of human garbage - worthy of such love that he would die for them. frankly, if it's all a delusion, i don't really care because that is a message that means something to me. you are worth dying for, whoever you are. anyway, i'm happy to keep this conversation going as long as you would like. i have lots of links to share and all that malarky, but it's getting late and i'm getting tired, so i'll save it for tomorrow. peace.
------
> the baby in the womb is a human being and human rigths shouldnt be judge subjectively debatable point and i'm willing to concede it for the sake of the conversation because others find it to be ultimately irrelevant. > if you see murder as immoral, then is immoral always, it doesnt matter that murder takes effect or other people see murder as moral this is equating how i see morality throughout time versus how morality has always been seen throughout time. if they view murder to be immoral, murder should always be seen as immoral regardless of the time period i look at. this doesn't mean that if i see murder to be immoral that society sees, or has always seen, murder to be immoral. my personal morals are normal regardless of time period, that doesn't mean that our societal morals are constant. there may have been a miscommunication on this point but it's ultimately irrelevant to the conversation. > - - second, the baby is also invading the womb or violating the bodily integrity of the woman, the baby is a product of the woman, the combination of her dna with that of another person, the by the first week the embryo has full dna code. fetus, not baby. you literally provided a hyperlink to the definition at the beginning of your article. because the fetus began it's development from the inside of the body does not mean that it's not violating her bodily autonomy. and i'm pretty sure it fits the definition of invasive quite well. it is still using her body without her permission to use. it doesn't matter how it got there, it matters what it's doing. it doesn't matter if it's a product of sex, artificial insemination, or invitro fertilization. her body is still being used to sustain the life of another and she has the right to deny that use. the body's reactions are irrelevant. if all goes to hell, that's a medical reason to terminate the pregnancy. if all goes swimmingly, that's not a reason of any kind to force a woman to remain pregnant against her will. > we also have to ask what are the most common reasons for a woman to desire the baby no to be born, is it because she feel that her rigths are being violated and it bothers her, or is it for societal morals ( ex : fianancial reasons ) no we don't. " why " has nothing to do with our ability to determine if a person should be forced to used her body against her will in order to sustain the life of another. it may change how you personally feel about her reasons, but it doesn't remove her rights. so, irrelevant. >, just because somebody violates your rigths whatever they migth be that doesnt allow you to kill them. you're absolutely correct. but if someone is using our body against our will in order to survive, we have the right to discontinue that use, even if it means their death. this isn't an abrupt, one time decision that has to be made. permission of use can be retracted at any time. i think one of the other responders brought up having sex. even if you say yes in the beginning, you have every right to change your mind 5 minutes in. if the other person doesn't stop, they are now violating your bodily autonomy and have committed rape. can you kill them? no ( this might actually vary from state to state so don't quote me on that ). but it doesn't matter what will happen to them by denying the use of my body, they still don't have my permission. no worries on the delayed response, i got busy myself and couldn't respond in a timely manner so i get it.
------
d2 vanilla was not bad, just had a hard limit on the content available because there was no random rolls on guns and armor. and loot fell from the trees like apples so by like 2-3 weeks in you could pretty much be "done" with the game.
compared to d1, this was a travesty. d1 had an almost "infinite" grind feel to it. there was always something to chase. another exotic, a god roll legendary, etc. d2 vanilla had none of this.
then came the first dlc, which added fuck all and didn't really fix everything and that is when most people completely wrote the game off. but i think its important to recognize that the base game wasn't bad per se, it just wasn't infinite. you get x amount of content and then after that it just felt like why bother? so for the hardcore d1 players, it was like a kick to the nuts when we realized there just isn't shit to do.
a few months ago warmind dropped (2nd dlc) and breathed a lot of life back into the game. random rolls weren't back, but they added multiple long challenging quest lines to get some of the best guns in the game, the new raid lair was properly challenging, strikes had some purpose again and most of all were fun thanks to random modifiers and strike specific loot making a return. and since most people skipped the 1st dlc, you had all of those guns to grind for as well and the grind this time didn't suck because strikes and patrols and pub events were actually kinda fun again.
then they dropped the whispers of the worm mission randomly, and that is when we got a first glimpse at what they had in store for us coming forward. it brought back all the nostalgia of the first game. a post popped up on reddit where a guy found a random portal on one of the planets that only opened during a specific public event, and when you went through the portal it launched a new mission that had a 20 minute timer and the first half of the mission was one really long jumping/maneuvering puzzle. my first time going in i didn't even make it half way. so there was this mystery and life breathed back into the game, everyone was scrambling trying to get into this random mission with a strict timer and figure out what was at the end.
so after a 10-15 minute traipse through the jumping section (you can easily do it in less than 5~ after you know it) you get to a room filled with some insanely tough bad guys. and then there is another room. and another. and the final room has a shit load of bad guys and 3 bosses.
if you manage to kill those, you are awarded with the best exotic sniper (honestly imo best exotic in the game) which had insanely high damage and if you land 3 crits (headshots) in a row, you get that ammo back. so you have the highest dps sniper in the game, and it has infinite ammo if you're good, and its a callback to one of the fan favorite guns from d1.
and then you get access to the heroic version of this mission which had special modifiers each week and if you found all the 5 hidden chests + completed it on heroic you got about 1/3 progress on the exotic catalyst which when completed made the gun even stronger.
couple this along with all the other new exotic missions that weren't a secret, pvp in a decent state of balance and 3 raids, things were looking up.
then summer solstice event happens which added another whole suite of armor to grind out, coupled with the new prestige raid lairs dropping 400~ power (higher than previous max power) weapons and again there is just so much to do.
and now we had forsaken, the latest expansion drop 3-4 weeks ago which is honestly the biggest dlc destiny has ever had (even looking at d1) and personally i think the absolute best dlc period. it just added so much and fixed nearly everything that the community found to be wrong with the game over the previous year. loadouts are extremely customizable, guns have random rolls so you have a reason to continue chasing specific things, armors have actually good perks exotics are actually exotic and don't just fall into your lap (although admittedly this is probably something that will change as many in the community dislike just how rare they are), pvp is quite literally the best it has been in any version of destiny ever, there is a new pvevp mode that is insanely fun and to top it all off there was two new locations to explore, the one you do while leveling, and then for the first time there is actually an entire public area designed for end game content, with challenges and stuff rotating weekly so each week you log in and it changes slowly getting more and more "taken".
the power grind is back, so you aren't max level and max power within a week or two of starting. in fact it is pretty likely that many players may not even reach max power level. there is once again that sense of awe when looking at someone with really good gear, knowing they worked their ass off for it.
aaaand holy shit this is way longer than i anticipated so i'm gonna go ahead and stop.
------
>seriously though. you say this
>*so if god has, historically, not shown the same face to literally billions of people who have lived and died in other non-abrahamic cultures,*
>but that's not a claim i ever made. so in fairness i will not be attempting to defend it.
you don't need to make that claim, it's just a fact. it's obviously true historically (not that long ago that most of the world could not communicate easily with one another), and currently (billions of people born into cultures that teach different things, but even if you throw that out, you have the cut off segments of civilization that don't get the chance at ever seeing a bible, obviously this was much more the case historically, whether we're talking 250, 500, or 1,500 years ago). i find it very troubling that so much rides on where/when you happen to be born, or what your parents/grandparents/greatgrandparents might have done to inlfluence what you learn. or even what about someone who dies at a young age, before being exposed to the option?
>the same as anyone else. they must accept god for who he is if they want to know him. because, although it is new testament, there is nothing specifically "abrahamic" as you call it about this statement.
but practically speaking, what exactly does that mean? i'm sure you could say the same of a rice farmer from the 1800's, who never saw or heard of a bible. that what, god would reach out to them personally? that's a nice notion but again i'm confused at what it means from a practical standpoint. are you saying it isn't actually important to be exposed to the bible and new testament? do you believe a devout hindu or buddhist has accepted god the same as a christian?
citing bible verses to justify a belief in the bible is indeed circular logic... and linking the don richardson book (haven't read it to be fair) it seems you're arguing that it's more important to believe in "one true god" than a specific version of that one true god? are you suggesting that all these monotheistic cultures through time are tapping into the same singular truth? if so, fine, but that doesn't do much for taking faith in any particular bible verse, or thinking there is something wrong with homosexuality for example, because there are of course many potential views on a single god that don't agree with those details.
the core of my problem here is a focus on "belief" (or "acceptance" if you want to put it that way). because again, from a practica standpoint, there's a big difference in "i believe in one god/creator" and "i believe people shouldn't live homosexual lifestyles." i'm all for morality, and there being a way one ought to act/live there life and ways one shouldn't live their life, but that's not what this is about, because belief in god isn't required to have morals and ethical beliefs.
------
wanna know what's dumb?
every race in skyrim makes their weapons the same. like argonians make their iron daggers the same way nords do. imperials make steel long-swords instead of gladius. every race should have their own weapon designs for all of the materials and all designs should be attainable in game. hear me out, guys!
make it so you can seek out the weapon schematics in racially themed quests. like joining an orc stronghold and becoming an apprentice to the smith. you get the imperial designs as you progress in the legion. you get argonian from veezara in the dark brotherhood.
and dunmeri from doing some quests in the grey quarter and solstheim. and aldmeri designs can only be attained by attacking thalmor patrols (or turning in talos worshippers in solitude & markarth)
khajiiti would be the hardest. you have to trade with the khajiit caravans, become a master of speech craft and spend at least 50,000 gold with ri'saad.
breton you get at the college of winterhold. bosmer you learn from anoriath in whiterun. dragon (alternative) designs are learned from paarthurnax but only after you defeat alduin. redguard from nazir after you kill the emperor.
now you have nordic designs as the basic format but if you complete the companions you get ancient nordic and wolf just like in vanilla.
it makes more sense than forging 1500 hundred dwarven bows and all of a sudden you're a master of every kind of smithing. plus it forces you to explore every alley of the game to some degree.
maybe toss in some alternative forms of weapons and armour to craft, like if you free madanach from cidhna mine you get forsworn forging. if you help the volkihar you get vampiric armour and vice a versa with the dawnguard. delphine & esbern grant you ancient blade secrets if you recruit 5 plus new agents.
i feel like this is a way to revolutionise the u n- i m m e r s i v e crafting system in a way that integrates it fluidly with the rest of the game.
plus it adds variety, there should be more than one way to make a weapon. if i had my way there'd be a customisation screen. like jedi academy. you choose from various parts and put them together to make a weapon that is truly unique and the parts all have their own stats. a curved blade intimidates but has lower deflection stats for instance. it opens up so many more role play options. doesn't it jar you when you go to all this hassle of making your character only to see your legendary weapon looks the exact same as every other players or even the common bandits!?!?
hear me godd howard!
------
here's the current definitions of sfp and vc, per 18-19 ifab laws of the game:
>serious foul play
>
>a tackle or challenge that endangers the safety of an opponent or uses excessive force or brutality must be sanctioned as serious foul play.
>
>any player who lunges at an opponent in challenging for the ball from the front, from the side or from behind using one or both legs, with excessive force or endangers the safety of an opponent is guilty of serious foul play.
>
>violent conduct
>
>violent conduct is when a player uses or attempts to use excessive force or brutality against an opponent when not challenging for the ball, or against a team-mate, team official, match official, spectator or any other person, regardless of whether contact is made.
>
>in addition, a player who, when not challenging for the ball, deliberately strikes an opponent or any other person on the head or face with the hand or arm, is guilty of violent conduct unless the force used was negligible.
he starts going towards the ball before he gets tripped, so it's not inappropriate to say he's challenging for the ball ("challenge" here refers to any action or action(s) in an attempt to win a ball, not just one half second, deliberate tackle. you can challenge for the ball by running alongside an opponent chasing down a ball, the word is used flexibly in the lotg). so if you say he's challenging for the ball, sfp is appropriate, as he endangers will trapp's safety during the length of the challenge. while he made not have intended to, that doesn't abscond him. his left foot is the one that comes in towards the ball, which is not the one that is kicked by his opponent.
if you say he's not challenging for the ball--which, given the current interpretation of the word "challenge", that wouldn't necessarily be correct, but that's ok--"brutality" refers to a number of things regarding the contact that is being made. in a "sister document" regarding refereeing, fifa considerations of analysis of match situations, it asks a number of questions regarding if something should be a red card:
>does the player make fair or unfair contact with the opponent after touching the ball?
>
>is the challenge putting an opponent in a dangerous situation?
>
>which part of the body has the player used to make contact?
>
>does the player use his studs when making a tackle?
>
>on which part of the opponent's body is contact made?
all the other considerations agree, but these five specifically include the mode, method, and the instrument by which the opponent makes contact. all of them point to red. these are professional players, are they have reasonable control over their body. right at about 0:10 or 0:11, you see zalvidar leave his left foot and begin his challenge, before any contact is made. once you do that as a player, you accept responsibility for what happens from there. it's incredibly unfortunate, but still a red card. and nowhere in the laws of the game or considerations does it abscond a player of consequences if that was not their intent, there was incidental contact, or "they only had eyes for the ball" as our english commentators like to say.
------
airline pilot here to kind of bring some light on your points ; we would all love for the company to give us " crew meals "'as we call them. some places get them, most don't. most time we just offered leftover first class meals from the cabin attendant in flight. airlines are all about one thing. profit profit profit! you'll never see things like checked bags fees go away. ever. on the basis of " there be no such thing as a free lunch ", if an airline were to start providing meals all the time to its employees, well someone's gotta pay for it, and that will cut into their bottom line. in the 1980s, american removed one olive from each of its first class meals and i believe it saved them about < cur > 300, 000 a year. now imagine just splurging on a whole meal for each of their pilots, ( american mainline pilots get meals under their contract, but their regional pilots do not ). anyway long story short, a lot of money. next with the changing of the plane, it really depends on the day. sometimes you keep the same plane all 2 - 4 legs a day. sometimes you change planes multiple times a day. and this is can done for dozens and dozens of reasons. some being, airlines have deferred items ( broke stuff ) and can't operate under certain circumstances. others have some more serious ( but fly able ) job things and they want that plane to head to a certain city because that may have a maintenance base there. airlines don't always have maintenance in there hubs, the regionals especially have just some small towns where they fix planes over night, like south bend, boise, knoxville, des moines etc to name a few places regionals have mechanics for overnight work. anyways there is other reasons too why you might do a plane swap, sometimes you get to a hub and you have a 3 hour sit before your next flight, and that plane will continue to go out and keep flying and another crew will take it. it is extremely common to crash in a new airport everyday. it's called an " overnight ". so a pilot or a flight attendant will have their respective " base ". this is where they start and finish their trips. but ever wonder how a pilot got to a small town airport for that 6am flight? well they were there for their flight. a typical day is usually, fly from your hub to an outstation, by back to said hub ( or maybe another hub for that airline ) and then fly to another outstation and stop, go to your hotel and be done for the day, then the next day you show up to the airport at that out station and fly back to a hub, go to another out station and back and then off to another out station and overnight etc etc etc. this usually goes on for 3 - 5 days. on that last day you arrive in your base and go home. some people live in the area and drive home, some " commute " and take an airplane to their home via their travel benefits or jumpseat on a different carrier. i myself commute and it's quite common. your last paragraph is spot on. but you get the hang of it. sorry i got a little rambles, feel free to ask questions of you want clarification.
------
your analysis is good but i strongly disagree at the conclusion you reached in a first point. regarding who made the right decison. you broke their decision into point of sucess but decided that since eren did the thing with less probability of winning, he made the short sighted choice and endangered them all. but this is a very narrow way of thinking as it totally takes the results from out of equation. results being what could happen. if it was not so then erwin changed every bad decision with his gamble. they could have stayed inside the wall instead of luring eren as bait for female titan the firsttime. they lost the gamble, lost lots of good people, they nearly lost female titan the second time too, had gained nothing from capturing female titan in the end, they sacrifices their entire corps as fodder for the final win, for the truth. in each fight they had no chance to succeed, high chance of enemy to get eren for people to die and they died plenty but they took into account the alternative that was eventual annihilation. as eren proclaimed early on the series we cant turn complacent and be slaughtered like cattle inside one wall, that choice was taken from them when the enemy attacked and kept on attacking. hiding behind their wall was just waiting for inevitable doom. their enemy was ruthless and they continued in their pursuit, eren realized this as did erwin and each action has been wrt this fact. option was 1. ) play safe, survive for now, be as less prepared as you were at start and get slaughtered stay at mercy of your would be attacker 2. ) risk everything and fight. you win, you survive. sounds familiar well it has been eren's dogma. " fight to live, risk it all for even a glimmer of real freedom! it doesn't matter whom's waiting outside the gate, or what comes in! it doesn't matter how cruel the odds can be, or how unjust! fight. fight. fight. fight! fight!!! " " if you win, you live. if you lose, you die. if you don't fight, you can't win! " that has been the driving force behind eren since the start. even after all that has happened the plan became to burden their problems to their future with the slow plan like their ancestors did to them. he has little time left to live but he knows that just like to fight wont solve anything and he was not wrong. the enemy was declaring joint war. eren literally attacked after they did declare. what do you think their attacks would change had eren not attacked then. world is more advanced and bigger than what everyone knew and they are still scared, but not eren from start his vision has been set and that has been to walk towards the freedom, well after all he is the wielder of shingeki no kyojin. in short his plan was not short sighted, his was the one erwin would have gambled on. it is a war, people die. it was always the case. fifth of paradise was annihilated by single, over 200survey corps died to retrieve basement knowledge and seal the wall. had they lost the gamble they would have been annihilated, enemy would have gotten all titans and as they said they would have no reason to be afraid and they would have destroyed the island. and you think eren's excellent attack's little risk outweighs the gain. * * tldr : eren's decision was not short sighted. it was in line with every decision they did as a team with erwin in command. people are willing to pass on the burden to future children he is not because he has seen what happens then.. he didnt risk 100 % safety for uncertain victory, he traded a near certain eventual doom for chance of freedom. * * sorry for poor grammer.
------
okay, so obligatory'this wasn't actually today'disclaimer, but this did happen on saturday. however, because my boyfriend actively uses reddit and will most likely see this, i figured i'd do the respectful thing and wait two days before i posted this super stupid story. some important details to keep in mind : 1. my boyfriend is totally allergic to peanuts and has been since he was just a wee child. 2. i'm a dumbass. so, this past weekend marked our one - year anniversary, which is a huge feat in and of itself given detail # 2 spelled out above. to celebrate, we decided to go out for a super fancy dinner - - the ol'og olive garden. being a fourth - year student at university, i've gotten very used to not wearing makeup, but i decided to go all out for our anniversary dinner. i even went out and bought a breast - plumping gloss so my bf could pretend he was dating a kardashian for the day instead of plain old u / kate - plus - self - hate. supposedly, the gloss works by searing your lips until they are huge, red, numb, and possibly burned to the first degree - - needless to say, it seems unpleasant to use but i still thought it was worth it. fast time to my boyfriend picking me up and us detouring to an empty parking lot for a quick - ish makeout sesh. an hour over, we arrived at olive garden and started in on my unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks. we're maybe 15 minutes into dinner, and my bf starts complaining that his lips are tingling and that he felt kind of funny. i think nothing of it at first, but as we keep eating, he says the feeling was getting more intense and was spreading to his neck, abdomen, and * nervous glance * his nether regions. my first thought was that he was hamming things up, but after a few minutes i could tell he wasn't faking anything. my next logical thought was that our food had come in contact with peanuts and that it was starting to have an allergic reaction. he agreed because he couldn't think of any other reason he would be experiencing the symptoms that he was. at this point, i'm starting to freak out - - i don't want to be framed for killing the only human who voluntarily spends time with me - - so i take my bf's keys and race out to his car. i knew he kept an emergency epipen in his glove box, so i fished that out, ran back into the restaurant, and jammed that fucker into his thigh. fast forwarding one more time, i flagged down our waiter to pay for our check, rushed my bf back out to his car, and drove like a maniac to the closest open urgent care facility. the practitioner there ran tests for his white blood cell counts and all of that fun shit, after which she told him that he's just fine and that none of their tests came back that he was having an allergic reaction. she asked him if he had come into contact with anything that might have been irritating his skin...... and that's when my last two functioning brain cells decided to start working. the whole thing was my fault. the only possible explanation for the whole ordeal was that i got my probably - fda - rejected lip plumping gloss all over my boyfriend's body. my bf was less than enthused when we got home and i told him what i thought had happened. in fact, he made me throw the gloss out immediately. a few hours later, he ( and my own lips ) went back to normal, but at least this makes for an anniversary we won't forget... tl ; dr : i mistook my getting lip plumping gloss all over my boyfriend for him dying from a peanut allergy.
------
tl;dr i smoked so much i induced testicle torsion 6 times. smoke in moderation kids.
i'm a walking example of what's not supposed to be possible so i figured i'd let this be known.
i smoked 3 - 4 times a day for about 4 years starting at 18. i've done yellow bong rips, the globbiest dabs, and outsmoked just about everyone i met living in colorado.
then i started developing physical symptoms where my face would become white as a sheet and that blood would be relocated to my left testicle.
this created a ball and chain type scenario where my testicle would twist, resulting in testicular torsion. this has happened to me 6 times after i got wicked fucking high. every single instance involved excruciating pain and 4 of those times i ended up going to the hospital to get an ultrasound on my testicle. each time my testicle would fix itself before the ultrasound occurred so i ended up feeling fine.
after the 5th incident, i went to the doctor and had surgery essentially seatbelting my testicles to my scrotum so that they wouldn't move and twist. the doctors believed i had intermittent testicular torsion, and if left untreated, i would have problems later in my life as i got older.
i went to a concert a few weeks ago and i was at the front row on my feet bouncing around to rob zombie. i pulled out a massive joint i had rolled and smoked about 3/4 of it and shared the rest.
i had a sense of impending doom and felt my testicle roll into itself. i knew this feeling and told my buddy i needed to leave and to keep an eye on his phone. i walked up the stairs to flag down a stadium attendant and during that walk, i felt my testicle twist again and i could feel my stomach flip. i spoke to the event staff, who found a police officer, who then got me a wheelchair to get me into an ambulance.
i spoke to the paramedic wheeling me outside and asked if he had ever heard of a person smoking so much weed that it led to physical symptoms. i had asked many health professionals this question in the past and none had ever heard of such a thing. this man had.
he said it was like having a miniature stroke.
i boarded the ambulance and they rammed an iv into me (which ended up bruising) and the asked what my pain levels were at. i told them i was high as shit and didn't have a good gauge on my pain level, but i knew that my body was telling me everything was wrong, while my mind was telling me it's all good. i said i was at a 4.
then we rounded a corner going quite fast and the g-forces exerted on my testicle allowed for it to untwist. the sudden bloodflow being allowed back into my testicle shot up my pain to 10/10.
the rest of the night involved me checking my balls out and realizing it was fine and that my pain had subsided. i discharge myself against medical advice and vowed to not smoke again until my brain fixed itself.
my theory based in nothing is that smoking weed synthetically activates your dopamine receptors. smoking too much can burn out those receptors. if you keep trying to activate something that is burnt out, something that isn't a dopamine receptor gets activated which leads to symptoms of being high, as well as other physical side effects.
weed is great, but please smoke in moderation. i dun fucked up.
edit: funny thing to note. my tolerance was rising as i kept smoking more, and without ever cutting back, my tolerance started to go down.
that's not supposed to happen.
------
remember, the dub and sub both refer to the blonde haired archbishop as laura stuart, but her actual name is lola and thus many will refer to her in that way in these threads. lola's hair is long. like really long. it folds twice, once near her feet and once again back near the top of her hair, making it 2. 5 times her height. also, lola is of course the archbishop or necessarius. while necessarius is just one parish of the anglican church, the " 0th " one, lola holds power over the entire organization. while in the world of raildex the king or queen of england are technically the highest ranking official in the anglican church, it is actually lola that holds all of the power in it. ( though the queen, as it is in raildex, still does hold very real power. just not directly over the crowd. ) this whole scene occurs in the center of london. not japan like the majority of the series. it's extremely easy to infer by the way the anime translate her dialogue, or at least my utw - muzui ones did, but lola speaks in very old, archaic japanese that she learned while reading old books and literature. she made a point to ask tsuchimikado if she was speaking japanese normally but he trolled her and lied. oh. so even the anime referred to the author behind the book of the law as edward alexander. interesting. the anime doesn't say this but the ln does, so i'll go ahead and reveal that one name that the magician known as edward alexander held was crowley. the very same that comes up so often in index. the reason why stiyl and lola, two british people, were discussing japanese in the middle of london was so everybody could talk freely without anyone understanding what they were saying. it was only after stiyl brought up that someone might notice them anyway ( they were walking by a japanese restaurant at the time after all ) that lola decided to activate that " telepathic " magic. the huge church this scene ended in front of is saint mary's cathedral. maika said two very big names near the beginning of this next scene, daihaseisai and ichihanaransai. daihaseisai is a city - wide sports festival pitting different schools against each other in classic anime sports festival matches such as a three - legged race. ichihanaran ##sai is a huge cultural festival also featuring each school in the city, this one featuring classic anime cultural festival activities like maid cafes. both will be the backdrop for future arcs in index. btw, " sai " at the end of a word denotes festival in japanese, so it's either called daihaseisai or the daihasei festival ( same thing with ichihanaransai ). just how resistant to being dizzy is maika. dang. i'd suggest that that's her esper power, but she's a level 0. maika was very accepting of some random tall dude she had never met putting his hand over her friend's mouth. i love that touma having lost his memories gives the series a great opportunity for him to dictate small details in the series that would seem natural to him before the memory loss but are unknown after, like daihaseisai. probably annoys a lot of people but as i love exposition i eat it up. this nun, whom we later find out is orsola, is such an airhead. ah well, at least she's cute. i've talked about this in a previous thread, but now that the character has actually been introduced i'll say it again. i'm shocked that i never noticed that agnese has the same va as nobunaga from fgo, kugimiya rie. i love her work in fgo and the various drama cds she's played nobu in but can't believe i never noticed she voiced both nobu and agnese until i was watching a clip of index ii near the beginning of the rewatch. blew my mind. agnese is only about 12 or 13 but she's quite sensitive about her height ( even if she's just as tall as index normally ), so she wears sandals with gigantic soles known as chopines. one offhand statement stiyl makes while talking about the history of the book of the law in the ln is > " edward alexander, also known as crowley. he's now buried in a cemetery in the remote countryside of britain, " stiyl lit another cigarette and continued on, " anyway, according to history, this guy was the scum of humanity. during one of his trips, in order to carry out a magical experiment, he used his wife, who had been accompanying him around the world, as a medium to contact the guardian angel, aiwass. and when his daughter lilith died, he remained unmoved, continuing on with his research on theories of magick. in order to carry out the experiment, he even used a group of girls as old as his daughter as sacrifices... still, he did manage to define a so - called different world - - a different but overlapping one similar to heaven or hell - - and open new grounds in the field of magical rituals. just by those points alone, his contributions cannot be denied. " this'll be on the test. the map pilgrimage spell doesn't have use literal whirlpools like these utw - muzui subs say. they're more like " portals ". the map required for the spell was created by ino tadataka, the first person to map out japan using modern surveying techniques. touma really knows how to freak out stiyl. at least he has good taste. [ saint ] ( < url > ) [ martha ] ( < url > ) is also my type. yay! itsuwa! i didn't think we'd see her this arc. * * * whelp. i wrote this up upon watching it last night long before the tread opened as i'd be working when the tread went up and wouldn't be able to write it up prior to going to work, but i forgot to post it until now. so much for good intentions. ~ ~ i knew this would happen ~ ~
------
the football game analogy kinda lost me. it wasn't a crowded train or anything, and i only saw this guy when i got up to wait by the exit since it was pulling into the station, and even then i only noticed him because he asked me the name of the station. no one else in the handful of buses waiting by the exit was really interacting, they were really all just on their own or listening to music or staring out the window, as tired commuters do, so it definitely didn't feel like a very social atmosphere to begin with, which i guess is why i wasn't too happy when the conversation progressed beyond train - related questions. also, now that you bring up culture, i might actually look into that. he did tell me he was from the middle east, and i know that middle eastern culture is extremely different from my own. about the introvert thing, i don't really consider myself an introvert, but i did have the wrong idea of what an introvert actually is. i like going out with friends. under the right circumstances, i like meeting men, doing well as receiving male attention ( i'm on tinder ffs ). i don't dread social gatherings. now if not wanting male attention while i'm just trying to chill out and go home makes me an introvert, then obviously to some degree i am an introvert. i know it doesn't seem like it based on this post, but i really do like to receive the best from people. i don't think that every older man that talks to younger girls is a pervert ( unless the girl in question is illegal, i don't support that at all, but i'm 18 so that obviously doesn't apply to this particular situation ). this isn't my first bad experience with strange men in public, i was hit on and catcalled multiple times even back when i was illegal. i've told people about these experiences, and while i have received sympathy, i've also been asked if i did anything to encourage it ( ex.'what were you wearing?'' did you keep engaging with him?'). so basically, i do what i do ( like wear clothes and keep my interactions minimal ) to 1 ) reduce the chance of something like that happening and 2 ) justify that i wasn't " asking for it " if something like that must happen. the way i see it , i did absolutely nothing that implied that i wanted this man to escalate the conversation to personal topics or follow me to my taxi, which makes it easier for me to justify not telling him to leave me alone right off the bat. in my country, that's usually encouraged, because even something as trivial as small talk can be perceived as you " asking for it. "
------
everything that exists does so in space and time, except for the supernatural things that lie just over the horizon of our understanding of the natural universe. the word supernatural just means " above or beyond our understanding of natural things ". these things, by contrast, would include all observed materials, interactions, and their logically necessary results. for example, i want a natural thing because i have really been observed. my heart is also a natural thing as it is logically necessary ( or probable ) that i currently have a heart even though it hasn't been directly observed since my last doctor's surgery. an objection to these definitions of natural and supernatural would be incredulity at the fact that mortal simply means something like " that which we do not understand ". but this is the best definition that we can use, for the only alternative definition for supernatural is " something that does not exist ". some might think that supernatural is a term for " that which we will never, ever understand ". it is impossible to distinguish that which will never understand from that which we do not yet and cannot yet understand. just because we do not understand everything about the universe does not mean we never will. so while it is true that the " things we will never, ever understand " technically fits under the umbrella of " supernatural ", there is no reason to believe that we will never understand all " supernatural " things. for example, i imagine that gunpowder was magical, god - like, divine, to the native americans it was first used against in war. everyone agreed, at first, that it was beyond their understanding ( that it was considered paranormal ), but around the topic of gunpowder two camps probably formed : one camp that sought to study it, and the other camp that simply attributed it to stuff of these gods. and when the former group achieved their goals, when they discovered how to make gunpowder of their own, gunpowder changed categories from supernatural to natural. they knew how to make the powder - - by mixing some chemical with some other element under certain conditions - - but they did indeed know why those chemicals contained elements combined to make gunpowder. that question was still supernatural, alchemical, beyond their natural understanding. we mimic the native americans today, with each scientific discovery we make answering one question and unearthing many others. we know that we do not know everything about the universe. therefore, belief in " the supernatural " is warranted. but it turns out that what constitutes as being supernatural is rather hard to define. of course, there are many things which push the boundary of what is natural versus what is supernatural, that is, what is within our natural understanding versus what lies beyond it. some boundary - pushing examples are consciousness, dark matter, dark energy, the centers of black holes, and the infinitely - dense singularity from which our cosmos sprang. consider the state of things " prior " to the big bang. in one sense, this state was very natural : we can infer that it existed ; something was there. in another sense, this state was very supernatural : that is to say, we do not quite understand how it worked and describing it precisely becomes very difficult. the singularity lies just beyond our understanding of the material universe, and it exists where our current laws of normal space - time cannot go. what we do know is that things we commonly refer to as " supernatural ", like ghosts, must become natural as we observe them. if we saw a ghost, we would understand its physical properties - - it is translucent, it can hover, it emits a faint light - - and these would be considered natural properties. but many other facts about it - - how exactly is the ghost emitting that light after all? - - would remain outside of our natural understanding. thus this little ghost illustrates our perpetual relationship with the natural and supernatural : all things are comprised of both the things about them we do understand, and, on a deeper level, the things about them we do not.
------
> not sure how "suicide rates being high among lgbt+ folks doesn't necessarily mean that they are facing discrimination." somehow became lgbts not facing more discrimination in more conservative states
that's because one of the reasons suicide rates are higher is absolutely because of discrimination as per every credible mental health organization. it's highly irresponsible to discount that.
>and it's funny how when i use the word could in "homosexuality could make one susceptible to mental disorders through biological and developmental channels,
lmao, talk about being disingenuous again. this statement is not the same as:
'**biological and genetic factors** in the causes and development of homosexuality might also predispose homosexual people to developing psychiatric disorders.'
please try again. the quote from the article makes no reference to external factors like discrimination. unless you're arguing that discrimination construes a biological and genetic factor?
that being said, i'm glad we agree that we should reduce discrimination to improve the mental health outcomes of our lgbt community. by that, i'm taking it that you support repealing 377a and legalizing same sex marriages, right?
>it seems words mean what you want them to mean
in your case, sure, because look at how ready you are to twist words just to suit your narrative. tsk.
> (notice that they didn't acknowledge reasons other than discrimination, at least in those extracts).
it couldn't be that most mental health organizations agree that discrimination and stigma are the main cause of the difference in mental health outcomes. nah, i'm sure there's some conspiracy behind it.
>also you want to have your cake and eat it. first you claim lgbts face a lot of discrimination. then you point to evidence that they are only slightly more likely to attempt suicide. so what is your point? besides trying to prove that i'm wrong for the sake of it
i'll break it down for you since you lack basic comprehension:
1) suicide rates in lgbt youth are higher, albeit the difference is not as significant as once thought.
2) discrimination and stigma contribute to poorer mental health outcomes for lgbt individuals.
3) poorer mental health includes increased susceptibility to mental illnesses, in which higher suicide rates is one of the consequences.
i'm not sure how that was so hard for you to process, but okay.
>besides trying to prove that i'm wrong for the sake of it
not really, i'm merely trying to correct someone twisting the results of a scientific study in order to push a misinformed narrative.
>also somehow now you're claiming that i'm arguing for more discrimination against lgbts. you must be psychic because i never said that.
do you support retaining 377a and legalizing same sex marriage? if not, you're absolutely complicit in perpetuating discrimination. why spend so much effort to hide your position?
------
i want to begin by saying, dear, you are resilient, strong, worthy, and wonderful. and i'm sorry you are not getting the acknowledgment you deserve. i had a similar situation in my life. if you are feeling rejected, not worthy, accepted, loved, know that you are and will be by many more who can see and appreciate you.
there are a couple books i would recommend for you.
running on empty by jonice webb, phd with christine mussello, psyd
&
this light heartedly entertaining book
you are a badass by jen sincero
------------
what i have observed and learned:
humans are interesting. what is happening is something called the "crab effect". you put a bunch of crabs in a bucket and one starts to climb out another one drags them back down.
you're family cutting you down--(though disrespectful and mean, they don't see it that way for them it is self preservation ) you are thriving and they are not. you are an extension and representation of them in some regards, but you're not. i want to point this out and say you being successful, intelligent, charismatic (and all the beautiful things that make you, you) is not conducive with with their story, how they view themselves...your success drudges up their insecurities.
everyone has 6 basic needs.
certainty
variety
love + connection
significance
growth
contribution
(google it also tony robins has some great uploads on youtube illustrating this. check out discipline
so in filling these tanks (there are short term ways and long term ways). many of us look to soothe immediately without planning for the long run future. their nagging words, cutting you down--that's the quickest way for them to justify their lack of progress in life. it's also a hidden current below the surface...our needs are met by our problems. we define ourselves with problems because it's the easiest quickest way to connect and have significance in someone's life. they have a problem they want your love...your empathy...but there's gotta to be a way for you to condition them out of this behavior because it is toxic. (start with your sibs) . talk to your professors or pick a class you think they would like...send that professor an email and tell them you'd like to show your siblings the value of college...invite them to campus events...etc)
another thing to consider doing--is if they know it gets you down, they know they're chipping away at your foundation. if you can muster up the energy--"thank you, i know college can be really challenging and you feel like it's a waste of time. i appreciate you sharing your views. i value your thoughts and if you have any questions about college i'm an open book."
a variation of that. turn it back to them. anytime you're in a conflict or working with a client use luv.
listen to what they are saying, repeat to them "i heard you say, blah blah blah."
understand (show you genuinely do, if you don't be honest and ask them to share more) i understand you're probably feeling like --feeling feeling feeling--
validate -you're feelings deserve to be validated and acknowledged. i'm sorry you feel -------- in regards to this. what do you think would be the best way to resolve your feelings?
(start validating their street smarts)
(start asking them to help you with stuff) even if they saw no. them knowing they have a place in your heart will start to plant seeds...change will come, it just may take some time. )
there's a lot here. hope these recommendations work for you star (because you are one)
good luck
------
corporations are basically their own little government dictatorships. the irony that we love the freedom to run our own businesses is that we then go and run it like a dictator and give no freedoms to your subordinates. granted, you can move freely between private governments, that doesn't stop these governments from doing shady or illegal activities.
imagine if you wanted to change the world in your image and you were also a good busueiness man. the business you create is secondary to your primary goal of influencing the world. your private government is just a tool to empower yourself to unlimited heights. jeff bezo's likely doesn't care that he's delivering products that people want/need, but that doing so makes him wealthy and powerful. his american dream is to become a king and rule over his subjects.
and that's why they will always fight tooth and nail to keep it that way. if bezos is treating his workers like slaves he likely has contempt for the underprivileged and people like him, when push come to shove, will unleash a fury we have never seen before.
this is literally history repeating itself. the revolution in russia after wwi is eerily similar to today's circumstances, albeit us lay people have better material conditions. if you read that history you know how it devolved into a civil war. ever since then, the communist party was relentlessly attacked by by its diametric opposition and the capitalist class. initially it had nothing to do with building a totalitarian oppressive society. but the constant threats and attacks by the capitalist class caused a guy like stalin come in and take extreme measures. unfortunately, the capitalist class was able to use that against the entire ideal of workers owning the means of production to wage a full on war. the american capitalist class seized the opportunity to attack anyone who was against privatization, with impunity, up until the vietnam fiasco where people started asking questions. that's why a lot of our corporations helped nazis until they got out of hand. the nazi's made capitalism look bad and so they had to go.
and if you wonder why anarchists and modern communists want violent revolution its because they know that the bezo's, tumps, devos's and clinton's will never back down without expending all their resources. and their resources are private paramilitaries, gangsters, cia, nsa, law enforcement agencies, weapons manufacturers and a whole army of right wingers who will fight along their side because they won't understand how everything is orchestrated at a higher level.
------
except there's no names, no evidence, no location, and still no witnesses. there was no "other one in the room" because the story she's throwing and how desperate she is to avoid testifying screams it's a fake allegation and i hope she rots in prison after this for falsely accusing someone of a very serious crime. she's done nothing to show good faith. she claimed anonymity whilst releasing her little letter to the washington post, senator feinstein, and an attorney in california. she claimed to her psychologist that four men were in the room with no names described, yet told the world it just so happened to be two republicans, one of which has been vetted and passed a federal background check with the fbi six times, again, at an unspecified location at an unspecified time at an unspecified party. then she demands the fbi investigate it when even the fbi has stated there's nothing to investigate because there's nothing to go off of. she claims her polygraph results are evidence when polygraphs aren't lie detectors nor are they accepted in any court forum whatsoever due to their purpose serving no use to the court. she then demanded the defendant testify before her, and that she is to be kept hidden from her accused person, which is 110% unconstitutional. she has no idea what she's doing, what she's accusing him of, or how the judicial system even works.
as far as i'm concerned, it's a falsified slander tactic that the democrats sat on for months and only released it at the 11th hour in hopes to stall the vote until the midterm elections so that they can try their hardest to try to block kavanaugh, simply because they can't stand the thought of not having power in the supreme court, even though the supreme court was never about political lean, it was about upholding the law to the constitution.
regardless, it's a stupid useless waste of time we should all be moving on from and just confirm the judge with hundreds of people who are supporting his innocence compared to the one stupid politically motivated woman trying to say he's guilty.
the democrats really showed how much they cared when they avoided asking him any questions under oath and instead grandstanded on their 2020 campaign wishes, instead of trying to figure out who kavanaugh is, or if any of the documents they had for months prior to held any truth. all fingers point towards the democrats here, for being a bunch of children and criminal scumbags or obstruction of the senate just to try to get their way, when nobody voted for them in the first place.
------
> there's not a single thought in your head that says " hey, maybe killing other birds is a little wrong of us to do when we can easily get food elsewhere "? no. > you can't admit that the world would be better if no one ate meat? i don't think that, so there's no admission to make. > what about all the [ environmental degradation ], [ health impacts ], and [ inhumane conditions ]. where's the line here? i'm sure there's some line for you. yes, there's a line. i'm not saying there isn't better ways to do it, i'm not saying people wouldn't be better off eating less red meat. i'm saying there's little reason to exclude meat entirely. and as for the humane treatment, i'm definitely against the inhumane conditions you describe. this is not the only way meat gets to your table, however. op is a great example of humane treatment ( so appears, i don't know him and can't prove that statement beyond what he shows in his videos ). > so if you think some aspects of meat production is wrong why can't that be extended a mile? because saying a part is wrong ( or more accurately, the method some people use ) is different from saying the activity itself is wrong. for instance, i think protest is a healthy and necessary political activity. people who assault others in protest are wrong, however. ( e. g., pro - lifers who bomb abortion clinics, or antifa members cold - clocking white supremacists, or that asshole who drove his car into a crowd and killed a woman in charlottesville ) but not because those assholes are doing it wrong doesn't mean we should ban protest altogether. similarly, people who inhumanely keep and slaughter animals are wrong. this does not mean we should wholesale stop keeping and slaughtering animals for food. > dude have you seen footage of a slaughterhouse? is that not fucked up of you? depends on the slaughterhouse. are you only seeing footage given to you by peta? because that shit is propaganda and does not accurately reflect the industry as a whole. > why is it so radical to say the whole system of eating animals is wrong? because the whole of the animal kingdom ( as in the the scientific classification kingdom scheme ) is built on consuming other organisms. many years plants, some consume other animals, and still others consume both. we fall in that third category. it is how we have evolved and i don't see any reason to fight nature on this. can animals be treated more humanely? sure. but there's no reason to throw the baby out with the bathwater. > doesn't causing harm to another being seem selfish and immoral to you? no. if it did i would starve to death in a hole. granted, i don't feel that way about all creatures, i have a hierarchy. where a given animal falls on the harm - not harm hierarchy depends on how whether they are food or a threat. > i mean could you honestly look a cow or pig or goat in the eye as you slaughter it and not feel a single thing? considering i've personally killed woodland creatures for my own pleasure and later consumption, yeah, i don't think i'd have a problem with it. btw - don't think i don't notice how hard you're trying to avoid the part of your comments advocating for treating people like shit who disagree with a dietary choice. i'd have said " your dietary choice ", but as noted before, you don't even subscribe to your own belief system.
------
i won't claim all vegans are perfect (or even myself) in how they/we/i protest the cause and unfortunately all movements have their flaws, ours does as well but i hope the good side shines through more than the bad in the long run
maybe you will see it as a flaw but there is only one grey area to eating meat and that is in a genuine survival situation in my opinion. if the choice is to catch a fish or a rabbit then no one is going to expect you to die, you do what you can to survive. thing is we in the western first world don't have that scenario to absolve us. we have an abundance of very healthy fruit and vegetable option to buy all of which can sustain us ethically and healthily. aside from that there is no grey area because the choice to kill and eat an animal has been done purely for the taste and not because of necessity. how many people are in a genuine survival situation and literally have no choice
is meat good for your diet, sure it has various nutrients and minerals such as amino acids, but what it also has are fats and cholesterol. there are other foods that can do the same job in a balanced diet. quinoa and buckwheat like meat are considered protein complete as they contain all 9 amino acids that the body does not naturally produce, but they also contain none of the cholesterol and other bad side effects to get those nutrients. they are also more environmentally better to produce, requiring less land and water
the question to us will always be why was that one cow (or any animals life) worth less than those other 15? all life is equal and should be treated as such.
if you ask people. do you believe in a better environment? do you believe in animal rights? do you believe in human rights? do you believe in making the world healthier? the majority of people will say yes to all those questions, so we are offering a solution and alternatives.
i know that change is hard, adapting is difficult it is why we are often a species of habit and routine and why change through history has always had to be fought for with war or activism and is never given willingly or easily. a vegan lifestyle is better for all those four things i mentioned and when you take the "vegan" word out of the debate people have from my experience been very agreeable with it.
we need to make the argument emotional but back those emotions up with science because we are overall when given the chance a smart and empathic species and for as long as a single animal is being hurt it is our obligation to be the voice for them for as long as someone else is taking that voice away
------
the problem is not the fact that there is a coc. the problem is the fact that the coc in question applies to comments made outside the scope of the project. in particular, the author of the coc tried to get a developer removed from the opal project because of comments they made elsewhere. if these comments had been made in a github issue, on an official contributor list, or in any other way relating to the opal project, then i would agree that it would be inappropriate and the developer should face consequences. but this was a totally unrelated blog thread on twitter. as for where in the coc it stipulates that your behavior is evaluated everywhere, i defer to [ paul m. jones of the php project ] ( < url > ) > ehmke thinks of open source as a political arena. as such, one must read the contributor covenant as a political document, with political means and political ends. rather, it is a strategy for social justice. > as such tool for social justice, it recognizes no boundaries between project, person, and politics. this attitude is written into the contributor covenant with the text, " this code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces wherever an individual is representing the project or its community. " so, when is a project participant not representing the project? the answer appears to be " never. " and this isn't the first time it's happen. the awesome - django project had [ an issue ] ( < url > ) opened with the following content : > great project!! i have one observation and a suggestion. i noticed you have rejected some pull requests to promote some good django libraries and that the people submitting those pull requests are pocs ( people of colour ). as a suggestion i recommend adopting the contributor code of conduct ( < url > ) to ensure everybody's contributions are accepted regarless of their sex, sexual orientation, skin color, religion, height, place of origin, etc, etc, etc. as a white straight male and lead of this trending repository, your adoption of this code of conduct will send a loud and clear message this inclusion is a primary objective of the django community and of the software development community in general. d. when the response was " the pull request was rejected not the person, [ and by the way ] i'm not offended, " the follow up was this > you are a member of the django software foundation and are supposed to be setting the example. i will be forwarding the content of this issue to the chair to evaluate your continued presence in the dsf. best regards. cocs should be about conduct as it relates to the project. not as it relates to random discourse on unrelated sites. a coc is a good thing. the spefic coc that linux has chosen to move forward with is dangerous.
------
> okay, fine.. if we want to make exceptions and move the goal posts.. i'm not making exceptions. i guess technically its moving the goal posts, but i don't see how setting the goal to be " literally the most popular thing " is reasonable. > who said god of war was a failure? you are literally the only one in this thread that used the words " failure " to describe ( or not describe ) gow. ea said cancelling the star wars game was an " easy decision, " and that : " as we kept reviewing the game, it continued to look toward a much more linear game [ which ] people don't like as much today as they did five years ago or ten years ago. " translating here, they said that single player games aren't economically viable. again, a single player game is the best selling game of the year so far. i'm just saying they're absolutely still economically viable. the problem is with ea and their dogshit games. not with the market moving away from split player titles. they just want to put forth the minimum possible effort. buy a big license, slap together some shitty half - assed game, and then sell it and corresponding microtransactions because people will buy something based off the license. > has ea actually released anything new this year yet? i brought in < cur > 5 billion in revenue in 2017. i don't consider not offering anything at all until september to somehow be a " win " based off of that. > actually, madden 19 released last month and is breaking records within the franchise. it broke a " digital sales record " for the franchise because digital sales rose by 7 %. they declined to release official sales numbers, but vgchartz has them estimated at about 1. 1m copies so far between both the ps4 or xb1 versions. god of war did 3. 1 (? ) m in one month, and its on one platform was not 2. looks like madden 18 sold about 2. 8m copies on ps4 total, and the xb1 presumably did less. its safe tracks say that god of war outsold last years madden, and probably this year's too. > point is not that god of war is.. bad but a failure what you're implying we're saying.. the point is multiplayer games make way more money than single player games and have larger install bases. this is what ea said. this is not untrue. no, the point is that ea acted as if it was somehow financially unviable to make and release single player games, which is completely untrue. they're a dogshit company that is repeatedly doubling down on predatory business practices. they are releasing fewer video games each year, despite laying off employees and making more money year after year after year. they're looking for a scapegoat for their own failures. don't give them one.
------
> i don't see twitter or any of these platforms banning random conservatives who simply espouse their conservative views. thats because you refuse to look. loads got under the hammer in completly random reasons. not super high profile folks like jones, because banning someone that known creates waves. but smallers ones? medium sized ones? twitter, fb, yt etc are banning people left right and center. not nessesarily because the companys intend the ban, but because they created the tools that the radical left, and some radical right, groups use to mass flag. youtube is an issue where random gun channels got nuked in wake of the last few shootings. none of these websites even touched those topics, the mere hint that they were gun channels was enough to get a radical left mass flag event going. twitter got an issue with random people getting fines for completly tame tweets, even retweets. remember that racist sarah jeong that got hired by the nyt? people quoted her, changed whatever racist shit she said by replacing " white " with anything, like black, jew, asian or whatever. those folks got banned from twitter. its the same on most of the big social media platforms. reddit is gladly still okay on the admin level, but holy fuck look at the mods of some places. the mere fact that i post on kia got me banned from a bunch of other subs, even tho that actually breaks sidewide rules ( banning users from other subs because they post on said sub ). this shit is going on for real while, we keep pointing out that this shit are insane, and every time we do we have idiots like you show up going " well i dont see xyz ". yes, you dont see, because you are blind. aj is just the latest target of this insanity. he is not the first, and not the last. once all the super crazies on the right have been dealt with, they go for everyone else. oh, wait. shit. i forgot that everyone and their mom gets labeled a nazi racist or whatever these days, so if you allow twitter and co to " take out the trash ", then you literally give them a free pass for fucking everything up, while also supporting the people who label everybody or their mom a nazi. tl ; dr : doesnt matter how aj busts your party to shit on your floor, because i is not a party. this is a global discussion, and you keep kicking out people who say shit you dont like, completly ignoring your ability to just ignore them. you try to tell us what we can read, listen or watch. with you i mean twitter, yt, fb etc and everyone supporting this shitshow of cencorship, with us i mean us ; means us, so everyone, everywhere.
------
maintenance isn't too different from any other japanese bike. i bought my vstrom with ~22000 miles on it, have put on nearly another 22000, but have not yet needed new chain, sprockets, or brake pads. some of that is down to proper chain maintenance, some to the fact it isn't a crotch rocket with a super powerful engine and i don't ride like a jackass (usually :).
tires are just as with any other motorcycle - some last longer than others, and you're very doing well to get 10000+ miles out of a rear tire.
the dl1000 engine is very reliable. i had my valve clearance checked at about 37000 miles, and it was spot-on. hadn't changed a bit since the last valve clearance check (around 15000 miles).
the major pain in the ass has been electrical issues. by that i mean, charging system problems. my 2007 dl1000 was (probably) on its original stator when i bought the bike at about 22000 miles. by ~25000 miles, the stator was burned out. rotor magnets had also shifted out of position.
long story short, i ended up replacing/repairing/upgrading the entire charging system, from stator to battery. i also installed a charging voltage meter, so i can tell if there's a problem before i get stranded (this is just basic eqiupment for any bike imo). haven't had any charging problems for about a year/the last 12000 miles.
i'm probably making it sound worse than it is. the charging system was a larger issue for the first few generations of dl1000 and dl650. some vstrom owners never had a problem. all this has been dealt with, through design revisions and recalls, in newer generations of vstrom (roughly 2010-present). the guys with recent-model dl1000/dl650's don't seem to have charging issues. if it's just a few years old, you should be ok (but install a voltage meter anyway!).
i've had to replace both of my radiator hoses (inlet and outlet). at over 10 years old, they had lost their elasticity and were leaking slightly. under <cur>20 each. easy to replace, not a big deal.
as for replacement parts: in general they're affordable, about on par with any other japanese bike. suzuki does not seem to go out of their way to gouge you. you can often find used parts on ebay, if you're on a budget.
some of the more-commonly-broken controls: <cur>40-<cur>70 each for things like the clutch & brake levers, shift lever, rear brake pedal, anything you're likely to break off or damage in a drop/low-speed crash. all of which i have done at least once, except for the brake lever.
you can also do a cheap fix with a lever saver. not as pretty as a pristine factory clutch lever, but much cheaper.
get crash bars (aka "engine guard"), whether you plan to ride unpaved roads or not. these prevent a lot of damage when you drop the bike (and you almost inevitably will!).
if you do plan to go on dirt, get a skid plate as well.
those two things will pay for themselves, eventually.
seat height: it's rather tall, in the neighborhood of 31", depending on year and aftermarket seats. so that should be fine for you.
luggage: my vstrom came with givi/kappa monokey side and top cases. i like the givi monokey system, because replacement parts are fairly cheap and easy to replace. for example, i replaced all 3 locks (so they could all use the same key) for around <cur>30. i've mangled both of my side cases in offroad shenanigans, yet repaired them for about <cur>20 each time.
windshield: california scientific makes an extra tall windshield for vstroms. being a taller dude,you may want this. i'm 6'2" and i just got their "xl" vstrom windshield. it's sooooo nice on the highway. i can sit up straight, see over the top of the windshield, and yet not have a face full of buffetting.
lots more info is at the stromtrooper forums (<url>). there are specific sub-forums for different model years, so you can do more research when you find a used vstrom on craigslist etc.
hope this helps!
------
it was mostly needed if you were doing the duty of hosting the game in question ; if you're connecting to the internet through a home router ( which more people are if they're using broadband internet ), then your house will have 1 ip address that may be seen from the outside world. in addition, each computer connected to your home router will be assigned an internal ip address, which can only be used to communicate with computers that live on the same internal network ( as these are laid out isn't particularly important and is a pretty complex topic, the important part to understand from this is because you get 1 ip number that gets broadcast to the outside world that actually resolves to your home router, and another that resolves to your actual computer but can only be accessed by your router and other devices connected to your router directly from the non - internet side ). what typically happens for most internet browsing, is that you send a request out through your router to the internet, and the computer you are sending the request to sends back a page. when your router gets that request back, it either has you who asked for something from that site ( or more accurately, who sent a packet with this id to this server ), or it will ask the computers on the network a packet it is ( note : i'm not 100 % sure which is correct, but there is some method here that lets your router know that you requested that page ), and then route it accordingly. but when you're hosting a game, you will be passively waiting for connections, like a server, until you get requests. unfortunately this means that your router doesn't have that outgoing package id to know who that incoming package is looking for, so it by default doesn't know where to route that, so it refuses the connection. this is where port forwarding comes in : typically, a game would have it hardcoded what port it would listen for incoming traffic on when you set it up to be a server. so as long as you're only hosting 1 server for, say, minecraft in your home, you can just call your router " hey, anything that's coming in on port 30852 ( or whatever port she uses ) is looking for jim's computer, just send any incoming traffic on that port to that computer. " and then it will do just that : the packet from your friend's computer will get sent directly to your computer and will be able to make the connection. nowadays there are systems in place, usually through a piece of software like steam, that will connect your games based on your username on their service, and handle the communications so that you don't have to forward ports like you used to for most games. i don't know exactly how this works, but i haven't had to use port forwarding for a game since i was hosting a minecraft server like 10 years ago. i suspect the reason that this change was slow had to do with the fact that while we were just starting to get what are now considered broadband internet speeds ( i remember my first cable modem that was delivering a * blazing * 280 kbps (. 2 mbps ) ) our games were getting 3d graphics, so the speeds you'd need to reliably keep up in a game were going up faster, making it infeasible to play games over the internet ; multiplayer pc gaming in the late 90s and early - mid 2000s ( and probably before, but i wasn't alive and / or gaming then ) came in the form of lan parties, where everyone would use higher - speed equipment on local networks. and when you're all on the same network, port forwarding is irrelevant, and so directly connecting to an ip was fine for that paradigm, but eventually internet / broadband speeds caught up, but for some of peoples'favorite lan party games to be played over the internet, you had to go mess with your router and figure out how port forwarding works : )
------
can someone please tell me what i'm what missing about our rich asians? the film has a 93 % rating via rottentomatoes and reviews seem on range from " it was alright " to " it was actually quite good ". i absolutely hated it, and thought that in so far as any piece of trash can be said to be objectively garbage, surely this is it. here are some reasons why : 1. this movie asks us to empathize with characters whose main problems stem from being one of the richest families in asia. the protagonist has a choice to make between taking over a billion dollar company or living like a king with the love of his life in new york city. who identifies with these characters? what audience are you speaking to? 2. i have never seen a movie so utterly devoid of conflict. for the first hour everything and everyone is rich, hot, and perfect, and then the slightest of all problems arise when the mother doesn't like her sons girlfriend. the stakes in this movie were so incredibly low and uninteresting that i felt i was constantly waiting for a punchline that never came. 3. there is zero character development for anyone but the mother. i kept on waiting for the dark family secret, or the fatal flaw in the prince to be revealed, but it just never happens. nick is perfect. he is perfect at the beginning and he is perfect at the end. rachel is kind and sweet at the beginning and she is kind and sweet at the end. 4. a sold 45 minutes in the middle of the film was dedicated no nothing but shot after nauseating shot of lavish parties. from the mansion, to the batchelor party, to the batchelorrete party and all. fireworks, exotic food, expensive clothes, naked women, i felt like i was in a tasteless pitbull music video the entire time. but i held out hope. i thought perhaps the movie is setting us up for a fall, these luxuries will wear heavily on nick, and as the empire crumbles the family and nick will see that this lifestyle comes with a price. boy was i mistaken! the end of the movie comes with a 40 million dollar wedding and then an extravagant beach party, and as the very last shot of choreographed swimmers and fireworks fades i felt both relieved and deflated. now, i quite expected a good romantic comedy, even if it is formulaic and cheesy, but cray rich asians does not qualify. this movie felt contrived and souless, as if it occupies the same niche as gossip magazines who survive on selling normal people a lie of what its like to be rich and famous. i felt like i was either a member of the paparazzi or a servant balancing a tray of champagne glasses for the entire movie. please help me. what do people like about this movie?
------
>this is true. but you really don't see a difference between fantasizing over fuzzy, faceless group sex and...actually wanting other people?
except and here's the thing. this is not fuzzy faceless group sex. it's her showing an interest in a cuckolding relationship with him that involves his close and personal friends. very big difference, no?
>my point is not that there aren't activities that are deal breakers, but that not even being able to be honest about what turns you on to think about is a problem.
they find out it's a deal breaker at that point, no? also you could say that they weren't being honest when they initially got into a dedicated monogamous relationship to begin with, before thematizing their fantasies and wants. you put the onus entirely on the party who does want no part in this.
>you seem to assume that if someone thinks something is sexy to think about, it means they want to do it. this is really not always true.
said person is fantasizing about it, is turned on by it, likely watches it on pornos and masturbates to it. now they've pushed so far that they're bringing it up to their partner. there's little purpose in doing so beyond being interested, wanting it and testing the waters.
see ultimatively whatever ones deal breakers are is up to one self. to me, this would be one, no questions asked. people have all kind of fetishes, from race play, to creep shots, to actual illegal activities. they're hiding them and keeping them on the down low for a reason. and where one puts down their own boundaries and what they see as "no go" is their own decision.
this doesn't mean they wont have happy or succesful relationships. it merely means they wont have one with a person who wants and fantasizes about these things.
>unless you flat out tell them from the get go 'mention another man to me even in an aroused and intoxicated state when you don't even mean you actually want to sleep with them, then it will be over'--and what doing that does is tell them that they can't be honest with you or trust you to even talk things out before acting.
see here's the thing. if i have a monogamous relationship i understand fidelity and not involving others as a given. if they want to deviate from this, it would've been on them to bring this up and make it a topic early on. to clarify they want something that is "out there". you are putting all the pressure and expectations on one side, while giving the others all the freedoms and excuses.
they absolutely could have been honest from the get go. under the risk of this relationship not coming about. they chose not to be because they were hoping they could get the other person attached enough they'd cave later on.
and what exactly is there to talk through? this question is what i'd like to have answered more than any other. talking about this isn't going to make it go away, talking about this isn't going to change the poison it intoduced into the relationship, talking about this isn't going to change the desires/fetishes one has expressed which the other party finds horrendous and unacceptable.
>i wouldn't trust you enough to talk about anything else going on in my head sexually because that, to me, is an extreme reaction.
see the problem here is. you have a lot of expectations for your partner. where they have to prove themselves to you, where they have to be accepting, to always give you a chance to explain, to give you all the freedom and assurance.
which would be fine. if on the other side you'd feel comfortable with hiding things from them, deceiving them and crossing their boundaries to establish the relationship in the first place.
>i am into bdsm, for example, but under what planet would it seem okay to tell you that but not that i some times think about sex with multiple partners, even though i don't want to experience it.
see, bdsm is no problem of mine. it can be great under the right circumstances. tell me you want to involve other men and that's a deal breaker for me. it doesn't matter if it's "just fantasy", which everything is till it becomes reality.
it simply tells me that we have some extreme compatibility issues here. which possibly should've been thematized early on. because then we could've stayed friends and not entered a relationship under a false premise, no?
>it is not reasonable to break up just based on someone mentioning it at all.
see and this is where i disagree. what someone finds reasonable to break up over is entirely their own decision to make. nobody else gets to decide that.
and in this case, it's one of the most egrious things one can do aside from outright cheating as far as i am concerned. i have very few "instant game over" things, this however is one of them.
------
teen male here, this is spot on. you have no idea the pressure and conflicting messages we have to deal with. technology has really fucked shit up too. most of the fathers in this thread would have grown up in a time with just a house phone, no cell phones, instant messaging etc. if someone didnt get back to you, you werent there wondering "is she not interested or is she just busy?" or "does she hate me or is she playing games or is she busy". instant messaging is great, but also horrible. because its instant we expect communication to be instant and when its not we jump to "she doesnt like me" not the much more likely "shes busy". but its hard to break that habit, when you get left on read or a girl doesnt open your message but is active online, we jump to "she hates me" not "hey, maybe shes tired and doesnt feel like talking" which is totally reasonable and has nothing to do with romantic interest.
ontop of that we also see a lot of scary stuff right now, approaching a girl is scary enough as is, but now if you say or do the wrong thing, it can end very poorly. in some cases it can cost you your entire future, sometimes even a bad date can do that (ie: look at what nearly happened with aziz ansari. i personally had a friend of mine who was a female who wanted to accuse another friend of mine of rape just because she was embarrassed that she slept with him (her own words)...it took 10 people to tell her that it was not right, and just because you're embarrassed, its not okay to do that.)
its scary man. none of us want to risk it. we live in an age where anything can be brought against you at any time. one girl takes a compliment the wrong way? that can come back to smack you in the ass in the future. i don't mean to sound as if all women do this, or even a majority, most do not. but sadly its a reality that there are women who do, and you don't know if they are one of those women till its too late. because in all honesty...whos going to believe the man? if i have perfectly consensual sex with a woman and nobody else is around and 5 years later she goes "he raped me". well...who's going to believe the guy? nobody. theres no evidence, theres nothing but her word vs mine, but the sad reality is many people jump to conclusions about whos word is right...and its rarely the mans.
thats just my 2 cents, but i know its a view many share. you really cant screw up anymore, because if you do (even with something as simple as a compliment) it could cost you more than you know.
------
i feel we need one guide explaining the clash between science and religion. religion often claims to be persecuted, and it's not true. so i want to read this. for this it's important to understand what we actually mean by science as we usually already know what religion means. science - a process to find out true answers. science isn't technology. technology is a result of science. science describes the process of figuring out how something works and what's real. now, the guide explaining the clash and what it really means : science : cares around a pathway to truth. religion : cares about a pathway to belief. how we know : ask a scientist " if a god was real, would you want to know? " the answer without debate is " yes ". ask a religious person " if your god wasn't real, would you want to know? " and you get a beat around the bush answer where they are uncomfortable outright saying " no " but know it's an illogical answer. these are the results i've gotten there every time when i ask this question to religious people. science : has no agenda against religion. it only cares about the true answer. so far, there's no reason to believe there's any gods. if we suddenly find a reason to believe and it turns out there is, science would probably change where it's aligned. religion : has an agenda for it's own belief. it doesn't care what the reality is. it only cares just whether the result is the one it wants. if science were to suddenly say " turns out there is a god, here's how we know " religion would be broadcasting that everywhere. religion doesn't want a way to figure out the truth. it just wants the truth to be what it wants it to be and will only accept it if it aligns with what it thinks. this creates a context where science doesn't attack religion. but where religion attacks science. so science defends itself. scientists says : " here is what we know, and how. let's build on this to actually improve life ". it never mentions religion because it wasn't relevent. religion says : " excuse me, you're not saying what we believe. you should teach what we believe. " so science responds by saying " no. this is how we know what we know. how do you know what you know? you'll have to convince us if you want us to base society on it ". how do we know : we already know what science cares about. religion is the aggressor. it actively demands teaching that the science is wrong and to give it equal time in the classroom for creationism. there is no movement of scientists demanding equal time for evolution and cosmology in the church. this is where the clash of religion and science comes from, and why it's there. religion isn't persecuted. religion is aggressively interrupting the conversation. science is defending itself and butting it back out of the conversation. religion isn't a victim, and it isn't targeted until it claims to be something it isn't and forces science to acknowledge why it's wrong. this is important because religion doesn't get to be the aggressor and then claim persecution. i don't get to punch you in the face and then claim you started it.
------
it's not free though. you're paying for it with your taxes. the difference is its going to hurt the poor people the most because the government doesn't care about the people. they care about themselves. even w the ones pushing socialized healthcare. i know i'm going to get banned saying this but i think the realistic plan is to stop the poor getting involved in it. < url > this is the gdp of medicare parts a - d. about 4 %. < url > this is medicaid. 2. 1 %. < url > with that rest of the subsidies and chip. u. s. health care spending grew 4. 3 percent in 2016, reaching < cur > 3. 3 trillion or < cur > 10, 348 per person. as a share of the nation's gross domestic product, health spending accounted for 17. 9 percent. < url > now that's why much is costs right now, medicare / medicaid / chip / and subsidies are hardly as comprehensive or all encompassing as completely " free " healthcare. canadians pay 45 % of their income in taxes. < url > so the question is, how much do most of you make? ( the example will be for single people and going up to 91k but i want to give a fair example of the average american that worries about money ) the lowest tax bracket in the u. c. is 5 %. for < cur > 0 - < cur > 9k, and 15 % for < cur > 9k - < cur > 37k. 25 % for < cur > 37k - < cost > 91k. plus state taxes, and sales taxes. this gets way more advanced because of provinces and its more complicated than states. so i'll do their federal. canada pays 15 % to 45k and under, 20 % 45k - 91k. so their poorer people actually pay more in taxes than americans and the people who sleep sick pay extra in america. usually the hospitals work out payment plans or lower the price for those without insurance because they know they're not going to get money out of them. so usually it's middle class paying way more to hospitals if they lack insurance. however these days the u. s government offers insurance. if you do the math for the lowest plan for those paying for the insurance it makes the price comparable to the canadians that pay extra in taxes , but with the crony capitalist system in place, you can expect the businesses to raise prices of services because they know the government is footing the bill. so you can expect american taxes to raise beyond that of canadian ones. now i know this is a wall of text but i think i'm driving my point home here, it would actually be cheaper for the poor if the government stopped taxing americans for healthcare. i'll provide examples of why. ok now in the medical industry they have this thing called the r. o. a. d and medical students are vying to get into the industry. > the r. o. a. d. specialties ( radiology, ophthalmology, anesthesia, and dermatology ) are the top specialties with respect to lifestyle as viewed by current students. students perceive their own specialty's lifestyle realistically. research determining why a specialty perceived as having a lower - rated lifestyle is acceptable to some students and not others is needed. < url > the reason they're trying to get into the specialty is because it's highly unregulated, meaning they're allowed to do their jobs without buerocratic interference, and it makes them money. why? well for one, it's a highly desirable market, it's cheap compared to other branches of medicine and it draws people in because they know how much they're going to pay before the procedure. ex. plastic surgery, or laser eye surgery. if they did that too all medicine i think socialized healthcare would be insufficient because as i've proved above america isn't capable of doing socialized health are without taxing americans way more than canadians. you'll pay for someone else's healthcare if you're healthy and so will the poor because let's be honest, the rich have ways of avoiding taxes and politicians make a lot of money too so the won't pass anything like that. so why not go the opposite direction and deregulated the market and leave regulations in that protect the consumer and keep predatory practices at bay? idk. just a thought. either that or immigrate to canada, if it really is that great why do canadians come here to get healthcare done? < url > < url > < url > mods, ill take my ban now. also to the person who i replied to, your anecdotal experience might not be the norm for everyone else. " free healthcare " isn't free, you're just paying for it out of your paycheck in every paycheck, for your whole life. just because you're not receiving it at the hospital counter or in a bill from the hospital doesn't mean you or someone else didn't pay for it. so the question is, how is it better than the alternative if you're still paying for it?
------
>i'm talking about his place on the political spectrum within his own country. when it came to slavery he was to the center, if not slightly left of center, because he at least made one or two weak gestures to oppose slavery in his state.
he made token gestures that he knew would go nowhere, his, his constituency's, his state's, and his entire region's economies and livelihoods were completely based on slavery. they refused to sign the constitution without a 25 year ban on the topic of slavery so they could ratchet it up even further and entrench themselves and their base. their actions speak louder than their token words.
>jefferson was a free speech absolutist, for democracy and democratic ideals, opposed to dogmatic religion, and he believed that government could be used positively to improve people's lives such as with the post office.
almost all of the founding fathers were deist if not outright atheist.
he was absolutely not a free speech absolutist he was the first person to argue for slander laws when people starting retaliating and turning the press towards him as he did to others. as with most things he was a monumental hypocrite. he did however argue that it was the states who reserved the right and not the federal government.
this is where i would argue his links to current conservatism and conservatism throughout our history are strongest, the state's rights vs federal rights argument.
>he was a liberal with some progressive leanings.
he was an agrarian aristocrat that did not practice any of what he preached and used and said anything to gain power and hold it. especially including his public image, jefferson in france and jefferson at home aren't even remotely the same person everything about him was a calculated political/power move.
>also, did he actually back down from his support of international democratic revolutions?
he wrote to lafayette during the haitian revolution to implore them to go and re-assert their authority because he feared the example a successful slave rebellion would be although later on he started arming the rebels because he didn't want napolean to have it when he came to power and started moving towards a french controlled gulf of mexico.
as president him and monroe left francisco de miranda out to dry when he attempted an expedition to liberate caracas, i'm sure i could find a few more if i go looking.
the only other revolution he really supported was the french one but he was a francophile through and through so that's not really surprising at all.
it could be argued he had a few progressive sentiments but on the whole not even close and absolutely not the furthest left of the founding fathers.
------
rubbish is spewing from your mouth.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act was enacted in response to the crisis.{1}
u.s. treasury secretary timothy geithner testified before congress on october 29, 2009. his testimony included five elements he stated as critical to effective reform:{
expand the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic) bank resolution mechanism to include non-bank financial institutions;
ensure that a firm is allowed to fail in an orderly way and not be "rescued";
ensure taxpayers are not on the hook for any losses, by applying losses first to the firm's investors and including the creation of a pool funded by the largest financial institutions;
apply appropriate checks and balances to the fdic and federal reserve in this resolution process;
require stronger capital and liquidity positions for financial firms and related regulatory authority.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act was signed into law by president obama in july 2010, addressing each of these topics to varying degrees. among other things, it created the consumer financial protection bureau.
significant law enforcement action and litigation resulted from the crisis. the u.s. federal bureau of investigation probed the possibility of fraud by mortgage financing companies fannie mae and freddie mac, lehman brothers, and insurer american international group, among others. new york attorney general andrew cuomo sued long island based amerimod, one of the nation's largest loan modification corporations for fraud, and issued numerous subpoenas to other similar companies.the fbi assigned more agents to mortgage-related crimes and its caseload dramatically increased. the fbi began a probe of countrywide financial in march 2008 for possible fraudulent lending practices and securities fraud.{3}{4}{5}{6}
several hundred civil lawsuits were filed in federal courts beginning in 2007 related to the subprime crisis. the number of filings in state courts was not quantified but was also believed to be significant. in august 2014, bank of america agreed to a near-<cur>17 billion deal to settle claims against it relating to the sale of toxic mortgage-linked securities including subprime home loans, in what was believed to be the largest settlement in u.s. corporate history. the deal with the u.s. justice department topped a deal the regulator made the previous year with jpmorgan chase over similar issues. morgan stanley paid <cur>2.6 billion to settle claims in february 2015, without reaching closure on homeowner relief and state claim.{7}{8}
president obama's financial fraud enforcement task force (ffetf), which was created in november 2009 to investigate and prosecute financial crimes. the ffetf involves over 20 federal agencies, 94 u.s. attorney's offices, and state and local partners.{9}
cnbc reported in april 2015 that banking fines and penalties totaled <cur>150 billion between 2007 and 2014, versus <cur>700 billion in profits over that time.
the housing and economic recovery act of 2008 in the united states included six separate major acts designed to restore confidence in the domestic mortgage industry.the act included:{10}
providing insurance for <cur>300 billion in mortgages estimated to assist 400,000 homeowners.
establishing a new regulator, the federal housing finance agency via the merger of two existing authorities, the office of federal housing enterprise oversight (ofheo), and the federal housing finance board (fhfb), endowed with expanded powers and authority greater than the sum of its predecessors, to supervise operation of the 14 housing government-sponsored enterprises (gses): (fannie mae and freddie mac) and the 12 federal home loan banks.{11}
raises the dollar limit of the mortgages the gses can purchase.
provides loans for the refinancing of mortgages to owner-occupants at risk of foreclosure. the original lender or investor reduces the amount of the original mortgage (typically taking a significant loss) and the homeowner shares any future appreciation with the federal housing administration. the new loans must be 30-year fixed loans.
enhancements to mortgage disclosures.
community assistance to help local governments buy and renovate foreclosed properties.
an increase in the national debt ceiling by us<cur>800 billion, to give the treasury the flexibility to support the secondary housing markets and the 14 gses, if necessary.
source: the wiki on the 2007 2008 financial and subprime mortgage crisis,sections regulatory response.
edit: expanding on my sources as people are morons.
{1}<url>
{2}<url>
{3}<url>
{4}<url>
{5}<url>
{6}<url>
{7}<url>
{8}<url>
{9}<url>
{10}<url>
{11}<url>
------
> you can take blindly whatever skill you want and buff it through items and set. i assume you wanted to say " you can * * not * * take blindly whatever skill you want and buff it through items and set. ", right? because otherwise your sentence wouldn't make sense. well, if you say that they have to choose your skills according to your set, then you are basically acknowledging my point. > sets have been created to enhance builds, not the other way around. maybe, but they still significantly reduce build diversity. or wouldn't you agree that the vast majority of builds is significantly underpowered, even when taking lon into account? because that is the truth. average lon builds ( especially the best lon builds, which are also only usually a handful, but average lon builds ) can probably just do gr75 - 85, while sets that are supported by 6piece sets can do ~ gr110, which is a 30gr level gap, though not even more, which means that the gap in power between these builds is at least 11. 000 %, which means that certain sets are ~ 110 times more powerful than average lon builds. 1. 17 ^ 30 = < phone >... ( 1. 17 means almost every higher rift level enemies have 17 % more health ) and this are only average lon builds. and furthermore, doesn't marauders force you to use sentries? doesn't ik force you to use wotb and cota? if sets enhance builds as you say, where are the barbarian builds that use overpower and revenge? where are the dh builds that use elemental arrow and spike trap? doesn't tal rasha force you to use 4 different elements? doesn't dmo force you to use slow time? and why isn't dmo compatible with disintegrate, blizzard, meteor, hydra etc? where are the wizard builds that use blizzard? doesn't firebirds allow you to have 3 different fire skills? doesn't unhallowed essence ( in combination with dawn and visage of gunes ) force you to use vengeance? i mean, if you don't use vengeance, you just loose out on 50 % anger reduction, 10 hatred per second and tons of damage... etc... you get what i am saying? the gap between builds that are supported by sets and their complementary legendaries and average ( lon ) builds are just ridiculous and unnecessary... if the devs had simply balanced base skills and runes against each other and had created more ( let's call them )'generic'sets and legendaries like ess of johan ( the amulet that pulls enemies together ), st. archews gage ( gloves that give you a shield when you encounter elites ) or cord of sherma ( the belt that spawns a field on the ground that blinds enemies ) etc instead of legendaries / sets with effects like " skill x, y, and / or z deals 400 % / 5000 % more damage ", there would be much, much more build diversity, because the previously mentioned effects would apply to all skills and not just a few.
------
i was actually invested in the story of gang warfare it depicted.
i loved the story of julius little and benjamin king forming the vice kings as a gang to fight back the gangs that had torn apart their city, starting with the carnales rolling in the drug trade to the underground... only to have king become corrupt as the carnales while balancing "legitimacy" to his business by becoming involved in media production, giving him enough money to pay the police to turn the other way. so julius forms the saints as a last ditch effort to take back the streets from the kings, carnales, and rollerz--all gangs with distinct personalities and reasons for being there. then comes in you and the story plays out and at the height of the saints' power, it all gets undercut by troy being an undercover cop and the saints being dismantled by the police while you are "killed." and despite the saints' supposed ideals, it's simply become another gang in control of the drug trade.
roll in sr2, where your character is alive and takes back the streets under the name of the "saints" but your character has moments that depict them as actively evil. they fight for power and nothing more, shitting all over the ideas that started the saints under julius little. you take back the city from wannabe new gangs while suffering losses that do not deter your power mad protagonist at all. this culminates in the "secret" mission where you finally confront julius after listening to the audio tapes of him talking to troy about betraying you at the end of sr1 while the net closes around him. you confront him only to be betrayed by the only og member of the saints from sr1 that wasn't seen--dex. finally, when you and julius survive this trap your character kills julius. the ideals of the saints, the police trap, etc. none of it matters to our psychopath protagonist--he just cares that julius tried to kill him and that's enough. and there's a heavy air of implication that we have unfinished business with dex... who also betrayed us and tried to have us killed like julius.
i was invested in the actual story that took place. i loved stilwater and the gang drama and how your character subverted everything the saints were meant to be once he/she was the one in control. i didn't mind the silly world. it was fun! the activities were fun! but all previously established story was thrown out to make way for more "silly" where the story became nearly as absurd as the world as we fought neon club hackers and luchadores. not to mention that even with the far sillier turn sr3 took, they kept side activities like escort and snatch which were still just as boring as they were in sr1 and 2, and got rid of some really fun ones from sr2 like septic avenger and fuzz.
that's why i don't care for sr3 much. i'm okay with sr4 but at that point... i just accepted i was playing superhero simulator. sorry for the wall of text. but yeah. i was genuinely invested in the story. it was a bummer to see what i thought was actually a really gripping story in the midst of an insanely fun game world get replaced with what the company deemed was just more "fun."
------
> subjugation of women very much a part of christian culture as well, women were subservient to men in the western world until after the second world war, that is 1950 + i am talking about christian doctrines, not culture. everyone falls short of the ideal. god says to love one another. men and women being designed to be perfect servants of each other. when genesis says that men have authority over their wives, that means responsibility. men continue to work, and will assist their wife and family with their lives. those who abuse their position will have hell and pay. > no - fault divorce don't really know why adultery is bad, if a couple no longer loves eachother then why wouldn't they be capable of absolving their marriages without the need to create a conflict to start? no offense, but this is an example of the spiritual blindness that i mentioned. a claim of the faith is that only god has the power to " marry " people. it is a psychological and spiritual event of their bodies and souls. once done, it can't be undone except in cases of adultery. god made marriage very intimate for intimacy and happiness. no - fault divorce turns " marriage " into a superficial contract, and defiles the sacredness of intimacy. it has led to open adultery, broken families, pornography, moral decay, hedonism, decadence and much more. if you don't truly love her at a spiritual level, don't get married. > concubines in the bible, abraham takes a slave as his concubine, hagar, as his wife is infertile, so hypocritical? many things in the bible are there to tell us what not to do, especially in the old testament. the old covenant is about god lifting mankind out of barbarism towards satan. god then most fully reveals himself as jesus, the messiah. he put it this way in matthew 19 : 8 " " moses permitted you to divorce your wives because your hearts were hard. but it was not this way from the beginning. i tell you that anyone who divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, and marries another woman commits adultery. " > roman marriage this was due to their republican and egalitarian ideals ( at least, egalitarian for their time period. ) didn't you read down further in your own source in the concubinage section that they would have polygamy with prostitutes? the old roman empire was extremely barbaric. women would present new - born babies to who they thought the father was. if the father did not like it, he would run a sword through it, or throw it away. christians created orphanages to care for these discarded children, and the weak that roman society preyed upon. also, roman culture was in no way uniform. it was a collection of conquered cultures. hellenists and others had some noble attempts at sanctity, but it was no place where you would want to drop off your children. that said, judeochristianity teaches that all people come from god. the moral truth is in our hearts, but people have full free - will... and they usually fall into vices ( sin ) for temporary pleasure. those who have not yet been given the gospel, will be judged on how they followed their conscience. > paganism paganism is just a term of christendom to say people follow a polytheistic form of religion, who told you that? polytheism is specific to " multiple gods ". poly means many. paganism is worship of the material universe or things that come from it ( trees, mountains, clouds, stars, wind, thunder, etcetera ). there is neo - paganism today, with people worshiping the earth or the environment. > open orgies with children and infanticide source please for this, * " infanticide became a capital offense in roman law in 374 ad, but offenders were rarely if ever prosecuted " : < url > * regarding orgies, i visited pompey italy. they still have brothel and bath houses decorated with murals for the sexual services offered. < url > > for the romans specificly it was quite destabilizing at the very least thank god. no more brutal colosseum. christians turned the roman empire upside - down with love and charity. do you deny that romans fed christians to wild animals in the colosseum for " entertainment "? that should give you some sense of the brutality that christendom overcame. caesar used to have oil pored on christians and light them afire outside the colosseum. < url > > catholic christianity ( split - off ) catholic christianity did not split off from anything. it was established by jesus christ as reflected in matthew 16 : 18 " 18 and i tell you that you are peter, [ b ] and on this rock i will build my church, and the gates of hades [ c ] will not overcome it. 19 i will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven ; whatever you bind on earth will be [ d ] bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be [ e ] loosed in heaven. " it is actually a transfer of the authority from the jews, the chair of moses. the catholic church is the continuation of the true line of judaism. everyone claims authority and starts their own sects. to make his case, jesus christ allowed himself to be brutally executed in the most public way possible. he then rose from the dead as he predicted, fulfilling over 400 prophecies in the old testament. read [ psalm 22 ] ( < url > ) for example, or [ isaiah 53 ] ( < url > ), which were written centuries beforehand. don't confuse the " jews " and judaism of today with judaism in jesus's time. there were many sects in jerusalem, and jesus said that they had become a wicked generation... all but losing the faith. the jews today are descendants of those sects that did not recognize the messiah. > in my own homecountry, the netherlands, there would be a priest spreading his faith, to then put his staff or what he was carrying into the ground that sounds pretty bad. please don't judge the faith by such things. i was a skeptic and even anti - christian for most of my life. one thing that changed was that i started having a deeper appreciation for virtues. saint thomas aquinas pointed out that for each of the deadly sins, there is a life - sustaining virtue. this made sense to me because could see how vices ( sin ) were self - destructive. vices are : entitlement ( pride ), envy, greed, lust, sloth ( laziness ), gluttony, and anger. virtues are humility, kindness, charity, diligence, self - control and forgiveness. if you can imagine your mind in eternity with other minds, such things become extremely important. that is part of how i came to understand god. he is perfected in moral virtues, because he has to. anything else would be chaos. long story, but as i was studying ethics, history, etc, god gave me a baptism - of - faith experience. i've since run into many other who had similar experiences. this guy had a more intense experience than mine : < url > based on your knowledge of history, it seems like you are genuinely interested in history, and mankind's pursuit of knowing virtues and vices. i would recommend this talk on it : < url >
------
do you want an honest answer or are you just looking for the satisfaction being such a cool, shocking contrarian? i have several answers for your question if you really want one. but number one : this world has such awful things in it because we have free will. human beings are flawed, flawed, prideful and greedy. and the best of us. if everyone were to follow christ's teaching to love everyone, care for the young and the sick and to give freely of ourselves, then war, famine, and aids babies in africa would not be problems. not because god is punishing us, it because we are punishing ourselves with our behavior. war be man made. famine is man made - there is enough wasted food to feed the entire staving population of the earth four times over. this spread of aids in africa could have been curtailed long ago with proper education and health care. if we were all one people, who loved and listened to each other and watched out for the least, many of the worst of these things would not be a coincidence. but we're not. there is no one who is perfectly good - certainly not a bunch of christians we could both point out. hell, i am sitting here writing this on a computer that was probably built by some over - worked, under - paid, ( possibly child ) laborer in china. but hey, i " need " a computer, so i contribute to a global economic system that exploited someone i'll never know. a system that will continue to create wars and leave people sick with starving. okay, okay but even if you accept that free will is the cause for most misery globally, why does god allow these bad things to happen to christians? isn't god supposed to be acting directly in his followers lives? yes, he is. but, as the world is full of pain and suffering, we need to be a part of the world in order to understand it, reach out and empathize with it. to have compassion. when someone is going through something, the support of a person who has gone through that thing and can say " here i am. i got through it. so can you. " can be very helpful i was homeless for almost two years about 12 years ago. now i make very good money, live in a great neighborhood and have a beautiful wife and kid. that was the transformative power of god in my life. but going through that period of having nothing was so important to who i am now. there is a pretty terrible homeless problem in los angeles and it spills over into my otherwise fairly upscale neighborhood. every time i start to think negatively about those people, it helps me to remember where i was not all that long ago. and whenever i'm able to give them some money, it always comes with an acknowledgement that i was once in their shoes. our church has a food pantry i get to direct them to as well - an interfaith food pantry, so no it's not an " accept christ and we'll give you some rations " deal, in case you were wondering. also part of our church outreach, my wife and son help feed the homeless lunch at the park every second sunday of the month. when i was 13 my mom had stage 4 breast cancer. i am an only child of a single mom. if she had died, that was my whole family. thanks to the doctors at virginia mason in seattle, she survived. she was on an experimental chemo and she was the only person to survive it. science saved her life. but god got us through that time. it was our church who surrounded us and took care of us in that time. our church who allowed her the peace of mind to fight it and our church who looked after me and gave me peace in that time. our church was the arm of god in that time of life which was unfathomably dark. to this day, she attributes much of her survival to that love from that community. " but why did god have to give your mom cancer in the first place? couldn't he have just told you how to love with his awesome god powers? " well, firstly, i don't believe god * makes * anyone sick. as stated above, i believe we are children with free will and that has lead the earth to a state where things like war and disease run rampant. but if he is all powerful, why would he allow that? doesn't merely allowing it make him evil? well, would you rather live in a totalitarian state where every aspect of your life is controlled but you are safe, or would you rather live in a free country where life is full of risk? it's the same choice. people desire to be free. we chose this world. and while god allows people to become sick, if one is plugged in to god and his people, flawed as they are, a great deal of good can come from that. when i was 13, i was literally changing puke buckets for my bald and likely - dying mom. and it was okay, we both found strength and got through it because we were surrounded by love and support. and for the rest of my life, knowing what that kind of supportive, communal love looks like, i can give that to other people. i can tell others who are going through the same thing " i know what you are going through " and they can feel less alone. " but, but, but " you say. even if we all contributed freely to the least, lowest people. even if we had no war. even if science was driven by the common good rather than by corporate, profiteering interests. people would still get hurt, hurricanes would still knock down houses and flood streets, people would still die and life would still be hard. yes, it would. but you know what? people need life to be hard. going through rough times creates empathy and compassion. it builds character. look at all the people who have been handed everything on a silver platter and never really had to go through anything or deal with any hardship. are they all awesome people? or are they often the least compassionate, self - absorbed, hateful people walking the planet? look at trump. that guy was handed everything and he's a total dickhead. going through hardship doesn't have to be a curse. i have had a pretty hard life for an american and yet, i don't see it that way. i have a great life. and my life is even greater for the hardships. because i know how blessed i am in every moment and how precious are the gifts i have been given. my wife and kid are waking up upstairs right now and as i hear them, i am so grateful. i can look back on that time i was sleeping on a park bench across from the guy who smelled like pee and know that for however long this moment lasts, it is that much more precious. and i thank god for it.
------
please stop with the dem vs repub and sjw vs alt right, trump vs clinton type bullshit. i'm not arguing for those groups. i'm arguing for a more sensible economy that's not unfettered capitalism but socialistic capitalism which is more balanced and gives the workers more freedom and economic security. fdr style mixed economics.
no, there is no "today's left" imaginary entity. you can say there's a moronic social engineering trend of sjwism but don't call it leftism because that's not what it is. people are brainwashed, don't be surprised. you're brainwashed yourself by believing that shill you follow.
anyway back to bernie sanders. he wasn't pushing "free shit" to steal from you. your money is nothing but a drop in the bucket. there's not really such a thing as free. the word is used for simplicity. workers/tax payers work for their money and that money then goes towards socialized single payer universal healthcare (instead of shitty obamacare which is crony capitalist profiteering -- socializing the risks and privatizing the profits while ripping off the tax payer). big difference between these two.
then the universal healthcare benefits the entire nation with affordable healthcare free from big pharma/insurance company profiteering scams, i.e. cheaper and better healthcare like in the rest of the western world (although some of them are not that socialized but still better than the extremely privatized cronyist u.s. obamacare).
essential services are not free shit. it's taking care of your fellow countrymen and women and everyone chips in, especially those fucking elites who like to hoard everything and give nothing back. this also makes the country more efficient with healthier, happier workers less riddled with bullshit debt. more time for business ideas and spending time with family.
why should we kiss corporations' asses? they're the reason we're fucked in the first place. bribing our government. fuck them. small and medium businesses should replace them and compete without monopolies and without cronyist interference.
a big corporation should have that 40% tax bracket because they're making a shit load of money and they used public infrastructure and workers to get shit done. i'm not saying dismantle businesses.....i'm saying fuck super greed like these corporate ceos making hundreds or thousands of times more money than their employees. it's disgusting. the nwo is that on steroids. economic slavery. better jobs are formed from innovation, affordable college and regulating against unethical business practices. obama's using taxes for profit and hence it's not as efficient as non-cronyist social democracy.
if a company can't afford to pay decent wages, it deserves to go out of business. i'm not saying treat small businesses and corporations the same, no (maybe they can get assistance as a startup if they've got a good idea going). but improving the economy for the average joe with "equal opportunity" (not forced opportunity) will make people better off financially and you'll get more small/medium businesses competing with the bastard monopolies. i would also break up the huge corps into smaller businesses to reduce their ridiculous power.
the "give tax breaks to billionaires" bullshit has been tried for 30+ years since reagan and been a massive failure. income inequality has increased dramatically. the middle class was destroyed. the newer generations are more fucked than the previous ones. we need a more balanced economy. fuck the traitor corporations who moved jobs to poorer countries to set up sweatshops for more profit. this is why i'm saying fuck giving into demands from sociopath globalist corporations and get some small/medium businesses up and get money out of politics so corporations can't bribe the gov in making the corps untouchable. this is a win win situation for everyone except the parasite elite. no surprised the entire corporate media shat on him 24/7. they'd rather have a corporatist like reagan than a balanced social democrat like fdr (pro-business but also pro-worker).
------
i'm fried to the day, so i've abandoned any hope to making academic progress. i'm more than happy to talk about my passion, it is an unfortunate field for me in that most people quickly tap out when i build up steam talking about it. unfortunately i cannot answer your direct questions, my interests and limited experience do not lie in the field of stimulating growth, but in bypassing the damaged neurological systems altogether. i'r interested in the nerve - electrode interface, the analog - digital conversion. right from the start both systems operate with different currencies, analog with positively charged ions ( mostly sodium, potassium, calcium ), whereas electrical circuitry utilizes electrons. the interaction on that level at the interface alone fascinates me. refining the interaction on that level could lead to solutions where the organic nervous system can send and receive information to a digital neuroprosthetic. ( of course there are many other avenues of progress to be investigated, my knowledge and time limited i'll stick to the one i'm most excited about. ) to my knowledge we have seen limited success as sending signals, i am hoping to train up and contribute to the receiving, or input to the brain, of digital - analog signals, or, " is my super powerful robot hand about to crush this wineglass and cause a scene? " we've been pretty lucky, and managed to get into my local dream lab. they are working on peripheral nervous system stimulation and recording, and we are experimenting with new stabilization / neural growth techniques. as to getting my questions answered i am beginning to think that it is less'close to the chest'and more'a young chaotic field '. i'm coming from a very different position by most of these researchers i interact with. while the field is quite a bit older than i knew before i got involved, it is very much experiencing rapid growth. as a result many of the researchers i encounter have stumbled into or found passion for the field later in life, and are bringing tangentially related skill sets. my pi is a surgeon, my lab manager an endocrinologist. i'm an army veteran who worked with the bomb squad that, as a result, laser focused on electrical engineering and designed for the express purpose of this exact field. not to knock these seniors, to the contrary, i have the advantage of tooling my skill set for this specialization while they are frequently having to step far out of their specialized knowledge. if you have any questions please ask, it is good for me to practice relating my research passions for the inevitable upcoming grad school interviews, and it is fun to think about your prompts.
------
hello!
last wednesday i cleared out the freezer. my shitty ex-roommates had left 18 pounds of cheap meat in there, and i was so preoccupied by my thoughts of "who the fuck even does that" that it wasn't until after it was all in the bottom of the can that it occurred to me that the trash had just come the day before.
hm. well, the lid will be closed. it'll be fine. right?
on friday, i exited the house and was greeted by several dozen flies. ah. i've fucked up. this is immediately apparent to me. well, it'll just have to wait until trash day.
saturday. i need to take the kitchen trash out. i leave it outside, figuring that i can just wait until after the can has been cleared.
sunday. raccoons have been in my bagged garbage. i need to take care of that. hesitantly, i open the can lid. oooooooh boy. in a split second, i get the immediate impression that there are hundreds of maggots in the can. i'm short--just barely 5'3", so this was based entirely on the ones i could see far up the sides of the can. but i'm fairly tough, i think. i've pulled maggots out of a baby skunk's leg wound before. and i'm a budding baby biologist. i can handle this. so i throw the bag into the can.
i am now sure there are at least 1000 maggots in the can.
monday. otherwise known as today. i gear up. poison, rubber gloves, eye protecting glasses, a face mask, and a box of moth balls. i can do this. i'm a scientist. i throw open the lid. it had not occurred to me that they might be on the underside of the lid.
there were at least a thousand maggots just on the underside of the lid. these rained down everywhere, their hideous bodies plopping onto the ground. i thank my lucky stars none got on me. i screamed like i was being murdered, an entirely involuntary sound wrenched from somewhere deep in my spine. i sprayed. and i sprayed, and i sprayed. i walked around and sprayed the writhing layer of maggots on the underside of the lid. i sprayed at the ground. a fly flew at my face and i gave up, running back inside, sobbing.
for a while, i watched from my back window as they crawled around on the can and the ground. i called my mom, who laughed at me. i called my dad, who was seven hours away and couldn't help. i called my boyfriend, who was five hours away and without a car. i'm here for school; i have friends, but none good enough to help me with something like this.
and it's labor day. i called eight different pest control places until i found one that was both open and able to send someone out. i'm currently awaiting my savior, who should be here in a few hours. i'll update with the cost of him coming out.
tl;dr: grew maggots in 100deg weather for a week, made it rain when i tried to take care of it. now scarred for life.
on the bright side, i now know for a fact that as much as i enjoy learning about bees and ants, i should not apply to that entomology master's degree program i was looking at.
edit: the bug man came, he was super sweet, really excellent. if anyone in the round rock/austin area needs pest control services, pm me, i'd be very happy to pass his info on. he didn't charge me, said i reminded him of his daughter, so i gave him the money i had set aside for a tip.
also: i threw out the meat because i didn't know if it was safe or not. i have no idea when it was frozen, most of it was unlabeled, and i have no way of knowing how long they waited between buying the meat and freezing it. if you want to be mad at someone, be mad at my ex roommates for buying and failing to eat 18 pounds of meat before moving across the country.
------
thank you for your well thought out reply. i agree with some of your points, but i want to, again, state my opinions, as i think presenting differing points of view on any issue as complex can potentially be beneficial for the broader discourse.
first of, i think the denial of the reality experienced by the suicidal person you describe is just a coping mechanism formed by people unable or unwilling to relate to the amount of suffering a suicidal person endures, but i do not condemn them for this, as everyone is, to a certain degree, trapped within their own perspective and frame of reference. because we are social animals, i would say that judging and evaluating the actions of others around us is a necessary process wich is always motivated by certain amount of selfish intent.
second, i think we disagree in our reading of dr. black's comment. i did not see him denying the validity of mental suffering in his first paragraph, although on repeat reading i can see how you got that impression. however, i still disagree with your reading. i think his first two sentences even support your stance, he is just using the phrase 'significant stressors' to describe the mental anguish you are talking about.
i am not sure how i feel about your critique about the judgement of outsiders being necessary to determine how much an individual is suffering. on one hand i want to agree with you that the only one truly capable of judging it's condition is the autonomous individual itself. on the other hand, philosophy has proven that we live in a perceived reality, and that our perception is flawed, which, in my opinion, would almost necessitate outside reflection of one's problems before being medically enabled to take the most drastic measure.
finally, getting back to my disagreement with your reading, i would say that his second paragraph is applicable, no matter the nature of the suffering a person endures. also i think that he purposefully avoided any use of words like "healthy" to describe the people he is talking about, as to not marginalise the suffering of anybody.
i still stand by my point that suicide without malicious intent can, under certain conditions, be unethical, but i feel like we agree on the fundamentals here and would just be arguing semantics. regardless, thank you for your time. it was quite difficult to formulate my thoughts on this, but i really enjoyed it and apologise for any mistakes i made in reading your, and writing my comment, as english is not my first language.
------
> why did you ignore the one comment that actually answered your smug retort?
oh, that's actually easy. so here's the thing - i get a lot of incoming messages. i have a lot of fairly abnormal views which are very important to me and i'm quite open about them, which often leads to elevated emotions that typically translate into lots of messages. i try to read them all and reply when warranted, but sometimes i get overwhelmed. reddit is a place i go to blow off steam, not a paying job, so when that happens sometimes i will fail to read or reply to a message which i should have.
in addition to my comment trying to clarify your communities view on a monopoly rule i made a bunch of other comments yesterday that people felt very angry about in other subs. at one point i think i hit triple digits in my inbox, and i was high as fuck and just didn't want to deal with that. i realize it was kind of a dick move of me, but i just ignored a massive chunk of them.
i understand that you probably put a lot of effort into your reply and i'm sorry that i didn't read it, though i'd remind you that perhaps others did. maybe in a different universe where i read it we had an interesting conversation where we both learned things, but sadly fate just had other plans for us. to paraphrase a song i don't particularly care for: sometimes we follow our hearts, yet sometimes our hearts cut some farts, and that, my friend, is the cosmic shame.
>weird overs-implied history of banking in the us.
i'm honestly not sure how to react to this. you seem to have most of the facts relatively close, though you don't seem to understand how they fit together and often seem to drastically misunderstand the significance of them. also, it doesn't seem like you understand the difference between fiat currency (which the monopoly rule would actually illustrate pretty effectively), fractional reserve banking (which has nothing to do with this rule at all), or the concept of centralized banking in general.
i don't mean to be rude, but did you learn this from watching a cartoon? it's perfectly okay if you did, and cartoons can be a great way to learn a broad overview of a subject, but i need you to understand that watching a cartoon doesn't really confer anything beyond the most basic understanding of a topic, and that's assuming the cartoon isn't willfully dishonest.
if you're interested in learning more about the history of the united states federal reserve reading [the wikipedia article](<url>) is usually a great place to get started. it's not quite as easy to get through as a cartoon, but it'll leave you far better prepared to explain your position so that hopefully you can lose the "some people call them illuminati!" part because that really, really detracts from your credibility. that said, there is a fair amount of genuine corruption in that history, so if you read it carefully i'm sure you'll find at least a few things you'll be able to discuss with your friends here. think of how smart they'll think you are once you're bringing them independently verifiable stuff instead of board game rules!
finally, i'm downvoting my own comment as it seems you're still cross with me and i hope that will cheer you up. since it cancels out the default upvote it kinda counts twice, too - i'll be starting not at 1 or even 0 but -1. i hope that brings a smile to your face.
------
so it's the first time my roommate ( we'll call her amy ) has lived with someone else besides her family, who spoiled her in the sense that she essentially does whatever she wants, and to be honest, i don't ask if i'm being uncompromising or if she's being inconsiderate, so i'd love some other perspective. amy goes to bed pretty early ; for example, she went to bed at 9 : 45 pm last night, while i'm a bit more of a night owl. i usually go to hang out with my friends for a while before coming back to the room. i try to be as quiet as i can and i only use a small lamp to see things / grab stuff for a shower. i don't use a hair dryer because i obviously don't want to disturb her. on the other hand, amy woke up today and got ready for her morning shower and was being real loud ; closing drawers un - gently, slamming the door, typing very loudly and leaving the bright overhead light on while i was sleeping. to top it off, she uses her hair dryer next single morning for anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes while i'm sleeping. today, it was like 8 : 15 - 8 : 30, which was so long but it basically woke me up entirely. i don't have class until 1 : 30, so i'm kind of pissed that i couldn't sleep more. i would talk to her, but then feel like i annoyed her already because i said while her boyfriend could hang out here, i don't feel comfortable with him staying over. we're friends from high school and have some mutual friends, so i'm trying not to rock the boat. but it's getting to me that while i try to sound polite and considerate, she'was just going around her merry way and doing whatever she feels like. could i get some advice on how to read to her, or if i'm in the wrong here? like, would it be bad if i was like " hey, amy, sorry for the inconvenience, but your blow dryer wakes me up every morning. would it be too much trouble if i asked you to use it in the communal bathroom? " thanks for your time! \ * edit : \ * i realize that the drawers / closets / lights thing isn't a big deal, but she absolutely refuses to compromise about anything whatsoever. i tried to establish a conversation about preferences / rules / compromise about living together on the first and second day, but she would just leave or say mono - syllabic answers. i can come back earlier if that's what she wants, but i can't even start the conversation. is it that unreasonable to want to sleep later than 8 in the morning? we live close to the bathrooms, too, so??? \ * tl ; dr : roommate and i have different sleep schedules, but while i try to be quiet, she uses her loud appliances and is generally inconsiderate in our small dorm room. how do i talk to her about this? \ *
------
the civil unrest discussion is not a separate discussion. its directly related. and i never said you were specifically a perpetrator of anything. i dont know you. your argument from analogy falls flat in the sense that it is a much more direct example where we know exactly the value of where was taken and who specifically took it and specifically who was taken from. one thing the issues with broad stroke attempts to remedy past injustice is that there is no way to measure what was taken. this contributes into a perpetual question of whether the injustice has been repaid. which leads to a perpetual state of people feeling line they are entitled to something, and they demand more. secondly, many minorities here today were not subject to these laws and still benefit. black families that moved here after that period in history still benefit from policies like affirmative response. this adds considerably more to the lack of precision in the application of the law. further, most white people didnt own slaves. i cant recall the exact percentage. however, it was single digit percentages. so to erroneously assert the claim that whites more broadly need to accommodate these people for acts not committed by them or by anyone they were related to is even more malicious. and ultimately, all this amounts to is creating oppression by treating people unfairly now that from every frame of reference they have, they have done nothing wrong to warrant said unequal treatment. as a final note, if your dad stole money from my dad and bought you a bike. i wouldn't make you return the bike, regardless of the law. i am a firm advocate of the idea that doing something wrong does not remedy past wrongs. it only serves to breed further resentment. i lived in korea for a time. i loved the people there. i also loved visiting japan. the koreans and japanese have a long standing dispute over the comfort women during the war. and quite frankly, i always felt like they were letting the past negatively affect the present. any japanese people old enough to have perpetrated those acts are exceptionally old by now and the younger generations somewhat rightly are reluctant to admit that they are to blame for the past. do i think the government should do more to apologize? sure, perhaps. but it isnt exactly like they dont have reason that consider the issue settled since they did pay a sum of money at one time for that purpose. admittedly, a pittance. however, the korean government accepted those terms at the time. either way, this is a long way of saying, the past belongs in the past. that is the only way we will ever move forward.
------
first of all holy hell. here to concede my defeat. while many have made it clear that they think reaching out for advice to strangers on this subreddit is immature and only for those who are so lost that there's no hope for any benefit to that relationship, i'd like to think i gained something from reaching out to people i've never met. call it group therapy with no holds barred. call it a post in clarification and humility. i caught a lot of backlash for showing a thread to my significant other where i was " originally " validated in my concerns about how she approached money in the relationship. [ < url > ] ( < url > ). i never posted here with the intention of rubbing things in my ex partners face. with the name humility i can say that after trying to meet with her to discuss a plan moving along in the relationship that went directly south i had the the brilliant idea that maybe it would illuminate my image by showing her the thread... aaaaand got my ass back to me on a spit - shined silver platter. she should have a voice, and she is here : [ < url > ] ( < url > ). i'm not hot shit, and i don't pretend not be. i never believed that my s / o was a gold digger. i thought i made that clear in my edit after many people seemed to be misinterpreting the situation long before anyone intended to show her the post or she made her own. i told her i thought she was " acting " like this when she called me cheap and greedy when i spend nearly every penny ( or at least 80 % of our costs ) i make on us as a couple ; a rule i would naturally extend forward into a marriage as i have all my relationships. i was very upfront about what i make. it isn't a lot, but i'm proud that i earned what i have on my own. i didn't inherit the house i mentioned in my thread. i put down 20 % that i worked hard to save just like most folk. that said, this is a conversation about finances, and i've invested \ * thousands \ * of dollars into the relationship within our first year together \ * dating \ *. just understand that isn't a lot for some, but for me, it's literally all i have to offer. i spend all my coin on this girl and i genuinely love it and her company. my current expenditures weren't my concern however, the implications that they wouldn't be enough moving into a marriage were. i never meant to make myself out to be some flashy dude who just robbed liberace and should be bowed down to. at all. every penny i've spent in my relationship i've spent happily and don't regret any of it. it wasn't just top ramen and netflix through this relationship ( that was literally maybe 1 week in the entire year. the rest were sushi dinners ect that i either cooked myself or took her out to ). i'd spend < cur > 500 on us to go on vacations, < cur > 200 in a week for drinks, movies, dinners, ect on a frequent basis. again i know this isn't a lot for some, but for me it was all i had available at this juncture. i was happy to be spending 80 % of the cost of our relationship despite believing a 50 / 50 split was the most synergistic. because it simply felt good to. what i was unhappy about was being referred to as a money monger after doing so. point being, i've garnered some insight from the harsh realities of unveiling intimate details of a relationship online. and i think we're both better for it. i can accept that i was an asshole by not making my ex partner feel secure in the financial aspect of a lifelong commitment with me, by being overbearing and by being an overseer. i think it's smart thinking to budget and penny pinch for a greater expenditure especially if that expenditure is shared experiences with the person you love. but the advice that i can reciprocate from what i received here is to show them they're the sole purpose of money management, not someone suffering at the brunt of it. thanks for reading our novella, and thanks even more for both sides input ( even though some of you are kind of dickheads about making your point.. you might have actually been the most helpful ). cheers.
------
your empathy seems lacking because not only are you willing to insult a stranger for giving general advice in good faith by calling me stupid (?), but you've now repeatedly and bafflingly taken personal offense to that good faith advice which was offered generally by assuming that it was directed towards you personally, someone whose existence i was completely unaware of, let alone have any personal relationship with. i mean it wasn't even your comment i was originally replying to - you had to seek mine out, and thus seek offense. you seem unable to put yourself not only in my shoes (just trying to help out others based on what has worked for me), but those of anyone seeking advice on the subject for which at least parts of my comment would be helpful (which i genuinely believe is a great many people, as i used to be one of them, and knew/know plenty others). it's not my intention to be condescending when i say "be a better you" - indeed, the only people who would find it so could probably use a reality check up there in their ivory tower.
as to this hypothetical person who's "done" -all- of the things i suggested:
* first of all, this isn't a bucket list that you check off one by one. it's habits that you form, that become a part of who you are. you do them every day. the implication that one "has done" instead of "is doing" these things is that one has no more room for improvement, i.e. is perfect. imo, not a good mindset. people generally don't like arrogance.
* extending this hypothetical to a person who -actually- has formed habits around all these things, i have a really hard time believing that they need help or advice finding anyone to love. what's more likely is they can find someone, but that someone isn't fill-in-the-blank enough (pretty, smart, interesting, whathaveyou). in which case, i would recommend to just stick with these things listed above and keep improving yourself, and/or find other ways to improve yourself. best way to punch up, no matter who you are, is to be a better you.
* extending this hypothetical to a person who not only does all these things regularly, but legitimately can't find anyone to love - listen, i'm not a life coach, dating coach, pickup artist, or psychologist. never claimed to be. but if you're asking me to guess, in this event horizon hypothetical, i'd say that person likely has some significant personality defect. for instance, maybe they come across like an asshole without even realizing it. so, this person probably has something specific to work on that would be of greater benefit to them than general self-improvement. the best way to do that would depend greatly upon the problem and the individual.
* alternatively, this hypothetical person could simply be deeply insecure. for instance, they might seek out ways to be offended in order to justify highly antagonistic behavior, like the "hugh mungus what" lady. this pattern is almost universally unattractive. the prescription for this would be - you guessed it - improving yourself, possibly in the ways i listed before. developing any one of the countless venues for self-improvement inherently builds confidence, and confidence is the antidote to insecurity.
in any case, no matter who you are, it's all about being better every day. if you're genuinely putting in the effort instead of sitting around waiting for mr. or ms. right to fall into your lap (or worse, becoming increasingly bitter that mr. or ms. right hasn't just fallen into your lap already), then it really is just a matter of time. the only real caveat to this that i can think of is if you live in an area where your prospective dating pool is significantly outnumbered by your competition. in which case, improving yourself becomes -even more- important.
if you build it, they will come. good luck.
------
ok. you should write a book, you've got some good details there! for me, visualization is just impossible. i don't know how and i can't even daydream. my therapist gets frustrated with me and, from the way people explain it, it kind of sounds like they're getting a hallucination? i'm not sure, my brain just doesn't work like that. pfft. you're so knowledgeable about this stuff that i would love to talk to you in more detail about it. i'm fairly sure that i have more than one type of depression, for example, but not all the time. i think i get seasonal affective disorder when my vitamin d intake hit me ( i worked night shift for 3 years and never saw the sun ) because once that happens, my anxiety and depression spiral to critical and potentially suicidal levels of out of control. so it feels like i get sad on top of my normal depression for some kind of hellish double depression. it goes away eventually, maybe, once my doctor prescribes me vitamin d supplements. i agree with you on cbt. i have a really hard time trying to challenge my thoughts like mine. i spend so much time just trying to distract myself from negative or intrusive thoughts and i get them constantly and have since i was a little girl. i don't know of its possible to get rid of them, but i would love to been able to let them pass through me diaseffect by them instead of being paralyzed with irrational " what if " fears. i have no idea what triggers the underlying anxiety / intrusive thoughts, but regularly all it takes be something like : me : - gets into a car - my brain : what if there's someone hiding in the back seat waiting for you to sit down. they'll grab you from behind and you'll be raped and tortured and mudered. - me : - walking down the stairs - my heart : you're going to trip and fall. you'll crack your neck and die or end up paralyzed from the waist down. me : - walking by an open window - my brain : a hand is gonna reach out and grab you as you walk by! you won't be able to get free! you'll be abducted and sold into human trafficking!! me : - at 12 years old waiting for the school bus to arrive - my brain : - with every car that drives by - they're going to slow down and grab you when no one is looking! by the time your family finds out you're missing, you'll already be dead!! it's stupid and irrational and i get it dozens of times a day over innocuous stuff. logically, i know that not everyone is put to get me or anything like that, but i have these stupid mental ruminations and routines i have to go over and over with in my head to feel safe. like bringing " decoy " water bottles with me to work just to be sure no one is going to try and poison me. no one is. i know that. but i'll still have a panic attack if i don't do it cause my brain loops on these thoughts. i'd love to be able to have them and just let them go so they can't bother me. just like... acknowledge that they're a thing, but they're ridiculous and not worth the emotional toll. act sounds really interesting and i definitely want to broach the topic with my therapist to see what she knows of it. i'd love to get started on that and see what happens.
------
the only reason you're under the impression he is a casual drunk groper is because of an allegation with no evidence. ford is a known leftist professor at a ca university. every aspect of the allegation from feinstein's sitting on the letter to ford's numerous delay strategies make it look like a political smear, and a strategy to delay the hearing.
why would they do that? because they have nothing. the have no votes. his record in public service is outstanding. so they wait for a delusional leftist to claim sexual assault and then they run with it. the story has changed repeatedly, and there is no corroboration. also, ford has no received <cur>700k from various gofundme campaigns.
i got molested as a kid. that shit tears you apart. i _told_ people at the time. i couldn't tell my parents because they told me that if i was gay they wouldn't love me as their son anymore. i was 10 and terrified. i didn't ever report it and i likely never will but there were people who knew about it as soon as i was old enough to understand what had happened/was happening to me.
part of what has me so emotional about this (and i should apologize for being a little shit in the comments to you yesterday) is that i know what it's like to be a victim of sexual abuse. you tell people. i remember everything. i remember the time and the place. i was 10. i know more victims of the same predator. i could get corroboration even now. but after all this time in office, and all this publicly scrutiny of brett, she only now remembers it was him? have you considered the possibility that it's a smear? smears happen. false allegations happen. they ruined brian banks life. they led to the lynchings of countless african americans. due process exists for a reason. these allegations can be used as weapons, and it was only after all the other weapons--attempts to undermine his competence, protestors, and calls for public outcry--were used up that these allegations emerged.
isn't it possible that the allegations were a last ditch effort to prevent a justice that would flip the court 5-4? of course, i think it's possible that they were real but for all the aforementioned reasons it seems more like a way to delay the vote so that if anybody says, "you're trying to delay the vote by having an fbi investigation," it makes them look like a monster.
it's a devious strategy but it's certainly been employed before by people on both sides of the aisle. it's why due process needs to exist. how could kavanaugh, at this point, prove to you that he was innocent? is there _anything_ he could say or do that could convince you of that?
------
my girlfriend and i have been dating about a year. im 6ft 180 pounds and when we started dating she was around my weight standing 5'7. i knew her for awhile and at the time she was actually losing weight ( not the reason i dated her ) and i was actually gaining a bit myself. at the time i thought it was somewhat cute to go on a food binge on a weekend once and awhile but over time shes ramped it up more and more. she told me she has a eating disorder but i was a little skeptical. she just chugs dr peppers more than my alcoholic family member would chug beer and eats oreos and it burns my ass far more than it should. at one point within the relationship i suggested their try losing weight together which she agreed. i had gained about 20 pounds myself and got back to 190 while she was still gaining and making excuses about her medication messing with her weight lose. i was a smoker and even quit for her just to try and get a little higher motivation to lose weight or at the very least not gain any. last summer you hit 240, and shes been lieing to me about loseing when i can clearly see the opposite effect. i had an arguement one day about how i was able to go one day without a cigarette and she couldnt even light one with a fucking sugary dr pepper. im embarrassed even eat in public with her not because shes fat, but because she still knocks back soda after fucking soda and all she talks about during dinner is eating dinner at other restraunts and it pisses me off to the point i dont bother talking about other stuff with her. i got so bored listening to her speak i just counted the times the waiter had to refill her glass. she went away to college, then when hurricane florence came, she snd her family went to ohio for a couple weeks. ( we live in nc ). nick stopped in town for a night to visit me and she actually gained even more weight, and spent the whole time she was here telling me about how they had him eat fast food everyday while she was there, and three meals a day at that as well. she finally went back to college and ive shamefully taken up smoking again behind her back. i'm aware im slightly shallow and thats a fault, but i also know relationships are give and take. i really do care for her when she talks about literally anything but food , but i cant get her to workout because she claims she has some physical issues, and i cant even get her to diet because she claims it fucks with her vitamin levels or something i dont know, im not a fucking nutritionist. i'm unhappy, everytime i look at a can of soda i just burn with rage, and i chainsmoke more than i did before. any chance i could fix this without being horrible to her?
------
> sure, i reject your characterisation of the fine tuning argument since it's inaccurate and completely unsupported. which part of that don't you understand? the part where you actually explain and highlight where the inaccuracy lies. i can play that game too... my characterising is accurate. > would you like to support your claim the fine tuning statement " boldly asserts the universe is " tuned "? it is boldly asserted because of the reasons i've highlighted. > or mention what these " whole swath of assumptions about causality " are? well, if god created this universe, he certainly did not use human concepts of causality, because that results in a infinite regress of causality. this is normally where " creatio ex nihilo " is required to get god around the universe creation ( another bold assertion and likely special pleading ). so it is simple, to address the causal nature of this universe that was supposedly fine - tuned, what pre - fabricated material was used to create that universe with? > demonstrate how it doesn't " providing evidence directly for it. " because you have no evidence to the universe being or has been fine - tuned. how do you conclude that anything fine - tuned it? where is an example of a universe being de - tuned? how do you confirm or investigate whether something fine - tuned it or not? > demonstrate how he doesn't " providing evidence directly for it. " it is about as much evidence as me saying " it was not fine - tuned ". you've not supported anything about it... > point out the appeal to personal incredulity. that is fairly obvious... i do not need to point out what is obvious. > show where it is guilty of the logical fallacy of an " argument from ignorance "? you've done no investigation, demonstration of provided any direct evidence of anything being or has been " fine - tuned ". you've got my state of affairs, so all you've said is " gee, look at the universe, it appears like something fine - tuned it, like we as humans fine - tune our creations, therefore it must have been fine - tuned! " and proceed with provide literally * nothing * that actually demonstrates any fine - tuning. > or explain how the assertion " we have no examples of some one or something resembling a universe " isn't a clear case of question begging ? it is not question begging. it is highlighting to you, that you have no evidence to support your claim and that, like i've said, you're simply asserting it was fine - tuned. having no examples of something fine - tuning the universe, simply means you've no evidence to support your claim of it being fine - tuned. you've never seen a universe being created or a universe being fine - tuned. so if you want to argue that the same causal laws that govern our existence ( efficient / material causation ) applies to the universe, you need to provide evidence for that. added to that, explain why you're not arguing from composition.
------
i felt the need to apprise the community i have been apart of for some time with some changes in store for juicedb.
---
before i do that let me be real with you all.
for some time now we've been stagnant. trudging through day after day with no forward momentum, direction, or progress. daily upholding the mission and spirit of the site but not much else we could do. our developer, the site owner (not me btw), moved on to other projects.
at some point we were approached by a couple interested parties. by we, i mean the owner. his decision was to sell to the parent company that also owns hometown hero e-liquid.
wump and i had our reservations about this but we also weren't really asked for our opinion. money is money. you all know how that works.
just for clarity, juicedb is now owned by someone who also has ties to an e-liquid company. where i stand is, i am going to still uphold the values of the site the way i always have and no specific company has immunity to that in my eyes. in my conversations with them, they support that 100%.
---
**q&a** - my attempt to address some of the questions that will likely arise
seems like having an e-liquid company associated with the site will taint it?
>the new owners support what we've built and how we've built it. they don't want to disturb or mess with the credibility. from my current knowledge they aren't going to change the rankings or mess with anything ranking or algorithm related. they are keeping the 2 companies divided. our rules have not changed neither has how we enforce the rules or against whomever.
what's their goal?
>simply put to be the yelp of vaping but without yelp's scummy reputation. they want juicedb to be the go to place for reviews and known throughout all aspects of the vaping community. it's the same hope we had all along but they have the money and time to try to make it happen.
what are their plans for juicedb?
>they want to get the momentum going again with development. there will be more updates and changes more often. they are going to add hardware reviews. they will be implementing a badge or achievement type system to encourage participation (we talked about this in the past). there are talks of more giveaways for general participation on the site like we have done in the past. they do want to broaden their reach and get juicedb out in the industry more. talks of getting the site into b&ms and collaborating with some of the largest e-liquid sites to cross promote.
will there be ads?
>they want to get the site paying for itself at a minimum. i actually advocated for ads a long time ago as i felt they were a necessary evil. there will be sponsored ads, which some of the vendors who frequent the sub already know. they will replace the recommended juices section on the front page and be designated as sponsored products. they will be visually different and have pictures of products. these ads won't affect the lists or rankings.
so you're like a paid shill now right?
>i am not being paid. the way i do things and enforce rules has not changed.
but i thought you were juicedb?
>i have long been kind of the face of juicedb and taking care of issues here on reddit. i didn't create the site nor do i own any stake in it. i have volunteered probably months worth of time over the years to support something i believed in and that when i joined, needed help.
so you'll be reviewing all of their juices highly right?
>in full disclosure, prior to all of this i have reviewed hth juices. some of which we received for review. same as we have for quite a few businesses in the past. i have since removed my reviews of any juices i am aware they are affiliated with. while i stand by my reviews, i don't feel comfortable having them up given the conflict of interest.
what is your view of all this?
>i'm an extremely cynical person. putting cynicism aside, i would like to think that they wouldn't devote the money or time to what we've built just to burn it to the ground by shilling for themselves and ignoring all of our rules. if that happens so be it. currently i have nothing to jump to that conclusion. i am cautiously optimistic.
so how's it going so far?
>decent. there were some rocky days of lack of communication and misunderstanding but currently i think we have a good understanding and a basis for effective communication. i have been doing this for so long and we had so many ambitious ideas that i think we can collaborate well to better the site. after over a month i think we have a communication system down and can be more effective from both sides.
what's your goal?
>keep things true to our values and mission. i always had high hopes and aspirations for the site and i'd like to see some of those recognized or achieved. i won't be sticking around if our rules or legitimacy are sacrificed for the sake of money.
i'd like to help. (not a question but...yeah)
>shoot me a pm and let me know why you want to help and what you can offer. this isn't a paid job, but we could use some moderators.
---
if you need to e-mail me you can at <email> or message me here.
i just wanted to keep it honest. i won't be sticking around if the site changes for the worse or goes against the spirit of what we've built. until then, i want to see where it goes. again...cautiously optimistic. ecr has been our home and my home for a long time. i personally appreciate all of the support over the years and hope it can continue.
you're welcome to your own opinions on this whole thing. feel free to ask more questions and i will try to answer what i can. i will also take any feedback back to the new owners as well. if you see something you don't like or would like changed let me know. if there are features you would like to see added or removed i would like to know as well.
------
you're confused about what's being measured. individual symptoms can be evaluated and given a score, which is what raads for example does in the form of a questionnaire. but the actual diagnose for autism is just based on suffering from a certain amount of symptoms, no matter how severe. like i said, there is a severity scale, you're not wrong about that, but that's a very different thing from the spectrum. the spectrum is nothing more than an arrangement of symptoms and the place in the spectrum says nothing about severity or amount of symptoms. it's not even really defined what the spectrum looks like or which symptoms go where, it's definitely not a scale ranging from normal to rain man and beyond. so in short, yes you can say that someone is a little bit autistic (few symptoms or low severity) or very autistic (many symptoms or very severe), but that has nothing to do with that person's place on the spectrum.
to give an example, i have what we used to call asperger's syndrome, it means i have trouble with taking things literally, planning, giving my life structure (and trouble dealing with no structure) and one on one social situations, i have great eye for details, but seeing the bigger picture takes a lot of effort, i'm also intelligent enough to compensate for a lot of things so i'm not weird until you get to know me. all these things are autistic symptoms, they belong with each other on the spectrum. many autistic people have this specific set of symptoms, which is why we used to have a name for it. i've lived in group homes and attended special needs education where i met many other autists, some of which had the same set of symptoms i have in varying degrees of severity, those people were on the same spot on the spectrum, but some of them were more autistic then me and others less.
it's becoming more and more silly to talk about the spectrum at all anyway, it's much more useful to look at what a person has trouble with, rather than try to fit them into a definition. you either suffer from one or more symptoms of autism or you don't, and if you do there are people who can help with your specific needs. dsm-v made a huge push towards this by getting rid of the old categories and just calling it asd, meaning literally nothing more that "you have some autistic symptoms". this also brings the diagnosis more in line with other disorders that have an effect on personality and behaviour like bpd and bd. finding out what exactly makes your life harder and how severe that is relative to neurotypical folks is up to you and the psychiatrist treating you and has nothing to do with how severe your autism is.
------
teen male here, this is spot on. you have no idea the pressure and conflicting messages we have to deal with. technology has really fucked shit up too. most of the fathers in this thread would have grown up in a time with just a house phone, no cell phones, instant messaging etc. if someone didnt get back to you, you werent always wondering " is she not interested or is she just busy? " or " does she see me or is she playing games or is so busy ". instant messaging is great, but also horrible. because its instant we expect communication to be instant and when its not we jump to " she doesnt like me " not the much more likely " shes busy ". but its hard to break that habit, when you get left on read or a girl doesnt open your message but is active online, we jump to " she hates it " not " hey, maybe shes tired and doesnt feel like talking " which is totally reasonable and has nothing to discuss with romantic interest. ontop of that we also see a lot of scary stuff right now, approaching a girl was scary enough as is, but now if you go or do the wrong thing, it can end very poorly. in some cases it can cost you your entire future, sometimes even a bad date can do that ( ie : look at what nearly happened with aziz ansari. i personally had a friend of mine who was a female who wanted to accuse another friend of mine of rape just because she was embarrassed if she slept with him ( her own words )... it took 10 people to tell her that it was not right, and just because you're embarrassed, its not okay to do that. ) its scary man. none of us want to risk it. we live in an age where anything can be brought against you at any time. one girl takes a compliment the same person? that can come back to smack you in the ass in the future. i don't mean to sound as if all women do this, or even a majority, most do not. but sadly its a reality that there are women who do, and you don't know if they are one of those women till its too late. because in all honesty... whos going to believe the man? if i have perfectly consensual sex with a woman and nobody else is around and 5 years later she goes " he raped me ". well... who's going to believe the guy? nobody. theres no evidence, theres nothing but her word vs mine, but the sad reality is many people jump to conclusions about whos word is right... and its rarely the mans. thats just my 2 cents, but i know its a view many share. you really cant screw up anymore, because if you do ( even with something as simple as a compliment ) it could cost you more than you know.
------
no, you can't say the same there. that's not how confessions work. she admitted to her plan to kill carol and then kill the champions. her stated reason of blaming carol for it all does not factor into the confession. again, you are trying to absolve her of her own bullshit evil actions just to make carol look like the bad guy when she is not.
and you mistake my defense of carol as a defense of civil war 2. i despise the event because it tries so very hard to paint carol as a monster when she literally does nothing wrong. in the context of the universe, the story, everything that happens, the worst thing she does is play bad cop for a hot minute against a suspected terrorist suspect who turns out to be a terrorist after all later.
i'm not assuming cw2 is a good story, i'm making a clear cut defense for carol danvers actions in a story that is flat out terrible and trying to drag her through the mud which is what every single one of her haters keeps doing! she killed rhodey, she killed bruce, she threw people into concentration camps, she was trying to arrest miles at the capitol building, she didn't give the accused trials, she had no oversight, greene was innocent, all of these claims are absolute and total bullshit! a story being bad does not excuse people for lying about what happens in it and trying to turn carol danvers into a monster!
this is going in circles at this point as we clearly have different interpretations of who allison greene is. you're trying to blame carol for the actions of another person, i'm stating that she is a grown woman who is capable of making her own horrible evil decisions and was clearly a terrorist from the start. we're not getting anywhere at this point on that.
there are three very clear points right now i want to make that are very plain, very simple and should be considered as stated fact.
1: carol did not kill james rhodes.
2: carol did not kill bruce banner.
and
3: tony stark started the conflict when he attacked the triskelion, an act of terrorism, escalating it even further when he later assaulted carol danvers with the intent to kill.
those are three very simple, plainly obvious facts, regardless of the quality of this event, which was garbage for many reasons. mainly because it fails to represent both sides accurately, does not understand what profiling is, cannot properly state what ulysses powers are and how they function and relies too much on a previous just as shitty event to sell issues more than being its own thing. there are more problems, but that does not make carol danvers the bad guy here, no matter how hard the story tries to portray her in the wrong, everything tony does is ten times worse and makes him the villain even if the story tries to insist he is not.
so unless we can come to some kind consensus concerning those three facts, i'm not sure what else there is to talk about.
------
> but it'd be a strawman to conflate "for me, we can't vote until we hear more" with "we should automatically treat all allegations as fact".
in regard to supreme court nominees, this is a distinction without a difference and you know it. delaying is treating the allegations as fact. innicent until proven guilty. if kavanaugh is really some kind of evil sex maniac (come on, you know the allegation is pure partisan bs, stop lying) then we can impeach him.
> ignoring a mere allegation without looking into it is equally removed from reality as believing a mere allegation without looking into it
no. this is pure partisan bs and you know it.
> the only people who would disagree with flake's position of "hearing more" before deciding would be people who are afraid that the truth that emerges upon further investigation will lead to the outcome they don't want (i.e. him being confirmed or not).
kavanaugh's innocent until proven guilty and his accuser has had literally decades to prove him guilty. the responsibility is completely and totally on them. kavanaugh has no obligation to even respond to this, and should be confirmed. period.
> so, the only people who don't want to "hear more" aren't the ones who genuinely feel confident that it did or didn't happen.
no, i feel extremely confident that kavanaugh must be an evil serial rapist nazi kkk member who rapes kittens and tortures babies for fun on the weekends, because the news told me so. confirm him.
> they're the ones that don't care whether it happened or not and are using this argument as a groundless proxy for their actual concerns.
the proxy that's going on is that democrats are concerned that kavanaugh might actually be able to read the words on the paper when he looks at the constitution, and they don't want that, but they've got no argument, so they've manufactured this completely bogus sex scandal to use as an ad hominem.
> we're not hiring a delivery boy.
maybe we should. they might be more honest than past justices have been.
> this is an appointed for life position that has incredibly disproportionate power over our nation and everybody inside it.
guess which party made it that way. i'll give you a hint: it wasn't trump's party.
> it should be totally normal
no. it shouldn't be totally normal that a position of such immense power is appointed for life. that is a situation democrats and leftist justices created, in stark contrast against what the constitution actually says, since it had the tenth amendment to strictly limit what the court can do.
> it shouldn't be controversial for a person to want to "hear more" after allegations with criminal and moral relevance come out.
no. grave criminal charges coming out from decades ago only when someone becomes a supreme court nominee are by definition fraudulent. short of violence, this move is dirty politics at it's worst.
------
so today i was hanging out at my neighbors house just talking and getting to know each other. they're pretty chill and i really felt like this would lead to a great friendship.
after a couple hours of banter i started feeling my gate to the nether weakening and i knew it was time to go make a deposit into the toilet so i politely asked to go to the bathroom, a completely normal thing to do right?
they informed me that the light in there was broken so i was just like whatever i'll use my phone as a flashlight to make sure no brown substances were remaining on my crevice.
i go in there and im just going through the routine, browsing reddit, trying to make my bowel movements quiet as possible, yall know the drill. however once i reached the wiping phase, my life changed.
i commenced the first wipe like usual, checked it out with the light, i knew i'd definitely need to do some more rounds. after a few wipes, the scariest moment of my life occured.
my flashlight lit up the toilet paper and what i saw made me feel fear unimaginable by the human psyche until felt firsthand. i saw a black snake like creature wrapped around my hand, and my brain immediately thought i was infected with some kinda anal superworm.
i let out a bloodcurling shriek. one that you'd hear in the depths of hell. in my instinct driven spasm i somehow broke the toilet seat and my ass fell into the fucking toilet. i was in a primal state i can't even explain. i was desperately flaying my body around like a dying fish trying to find this ass demon but i couldn't find it anywhere.
my neighbors were extremely worried thinking i was dying of a heart attack/seizure/stroke in their bathroom, but i didn't give two shits. my inards were being harvested by some kinda alien species, why the fuck would i care what they think?
after about 45 seconds of searching for the little shit i started coming to my senses. if there really was something living in my anus, where the fuck did it go? then i looked down, and felt the worst embarrassment in my entire life.
the black, slithering, slimy, snake like worm wasn't a parasite, it was my hoodie string. i just destroyed my neighbor's toliet, screamed caveman like shouts, and threw my body around like a retarded octopus, over a fucking hoodie string.
my neighbor's concerned voice turned into a "what the fuck are you doing in there???" at this point and i was speechless. i tried to muster up some kind of explanation but i could only mutter "im...im so...sor....sorry." i was scared to open the door, but i knew it had to be done.
i opened it to see the faces of a family that won a free trip to a zoo, but got tricked into going to an insane asylum. they just stared at me. i just stared back while covered in shit water and a face of a man who survived the holocaust.
i didn't know what to say so i just muttered "i'll see myself out." and they didn't even respond. i silently waddled out the door and walked to my house with a broken soul.
i feel terrible. i broke their toilet and obviously need to compensate them for the damages, but i dont know if i can ever see them again without having horrible flashbacks. i truly am a lost man. i will never be the same.
tl;dr i thought my hoodie string was a parasite from my anus and broke my neighbors toliet.
------
i agree with what you're saying. honestly, i think getting heavy into reading has adversely effected me socially.
i can still wheel out the charm for a date or getting on a boss's good side, but i was a straight baller a couple of years ago or so, and as i've consumed more and more dense literary fiction i've felt more and more out of place.
that said, as a writer i've become capable of way more things, skills that can be scaled back and reeled in for a genre work.
i do feel like authors like dfw, pynchon, and even delillo are kind of self indulgent to a fault on some levels. even delillo to an extent in his own way.
as dazzled as i am by the craziness of a gravity's rainbow this kind of ridiculousness inherent to his style is part of why i hold mccarthy in such high esteem.
he can craft the twisted spiritual successor to moby dick in blood meridian (far better as a literary prose work than the road or no country )
but he can also spout out a kickass smart genre piece like no country for oldmen.
even moby dick for all its pretense has a greater sense of groundedness than gravity's rainbow.
i personally don't think i could ever write a giant hyper dense overwrought literary tome and have it really measure up to gr or justify its heft.
writing is such an amazing art form and there are just so many different approaches and directions that one can take to yield amazing powerful results.
the sparse, or the abstract, the pulpy or the thought provoking, or maybe the pulpyness is ironic?
so many angles.
i think in reading and writing, when it comes to taste or even the architecture you use to inform your own writing, what one gravitates towards really reflects the complexity of finding joy in any part of life.
some people are just kind of cursed - and i'd count myself among them - i've been gravely depressed from a lack of sex and gravely depressed from having a woman in my bed - i'm talking suicidal ideation
i've been depressed from charming people and failing to charm people.
mostly i want to die, but i also want to live, to get a taste of all the ripe fruit before they spoil not long after.
i'm sure it's unhealthy neurology and chemical firing and so forth at work, but life feels to me like a bunch of unsustainable apexes, the rise and then the crumbling or the fade, when something isn't necessarily destroyed or damaged but is simply over.
i search for art or encounters that make me excited, sometimes on a base 'this is endorphins' level, or 'this is pleasure reading ' and sometimes with hopes that this will really mean something to me and spark something new.
so, i keep reading literature that separates me from other people because there's reward mixed in with the self imposing of alienation that i've always felt and worked to rise, partially, above and beyond, via learned behavior that borders on sociopathy at times in its roteness, but really truly is begging for the rare chances to break free into something i consider real.
i remember i started reading heavily when i finally got a chance to really sexually woo a woman i'd had a flame for for years, and the one time she was totally sold on me, in text, on the phone, from a series of prior more casual meetings, the one time she put in top flight effort into making it a date, after i was slaying it with other women for months before hand, the one time - i drank too much and flubbed embarrassingly
and we're still friends. she's married been married the whole time i knew her. she half knows i know, but it's a white elephant
and the whole situation is sad and fatalistic and she's sad and fatalistic
there's often that one thing in our life that can usher a change in direction
..
but i guess what i'm saying is voracious reading, the consumption of weird and ambitious literature becoming a fixture of my life, even though writing had always appealed a lot to me - that was my exit valve that i found necessary by epiphany to place inside my life.
and...it has helped me bond with maybe one or two higher quality women (overall) than usual , but it's also brought forth a new wave of pain and alienation.
reading has helped me get promoted at jobs, learn higher tier levels of getting what i want
but it has been a double edged sword, one i will likely continue to cut myself with for a long time.
it's so hard to decide where to be when you're conflicted to the bone, so you just end up burrowing in deeper and deeper for those prosaic kinds of dosages of things that may or may not be answers but are sometimes hypnotic enough to offer the same kind of hope
crazy rant over. but i have mixed opinions on purposely obtuse literature.
everyone from all sides is always pushing answers. a lot of times it's 'being in the moment's but it seems half the time that's just a sidestepping way of saying 'be a social alcoholic' and a bit of a sex addict, with endorphins waves rising and falling based off the whims of sets of trivial people (and the only way to keep your roster of trivial relations constantly stocked is to always be in that whiskey soaked fray, blowing money on a future that also doesn't interest you too much)
because living in the moment can also be following a biological imperative, spewing out kids that will domineer your life and wallet for a good quarter plus of your existence
life is hard and literature and fluff and writing itself are all ways to combat this, while also helping, imo, to create the occasional problems of their own
------
>i was fascinated by the mirror!
when i was reading about it, i kept getting the impression that the dark pools by the weirwoods, might be symbolically connected to these obsidian mirrors.
like the face carved into the trees seem like it might be looking into the pool, as if it's a scrying device or something like the mirror of galadriel.
<url>
also they might be something like volcanic tubes filled up with water. so might actually be formed out of obsidian or symbolically similar material.
>i think the reason for returning to these tropes needs a more thorough answer.
my suspicion is that like elric's black sword, the black stone and/or obsidian, can be used to manipulate "souls". which things like varamyr's experiences seem to indicate can exist outside a physical body.
>but her blood and her soul and her strength and her courage all went into the steel.
so like the others might be killed by obsidian because it's removing what is left of their souls.
asshai might be a city of undead, where souls are being siphoned into the blackstone of the city itself.
the stone eggs gain life by sucking out the souls of the sacrifices. mutating rhaego's body while it takes his soul.
shadowbinding just meaning soulbinding. bloodmagic is soulmagic, etc...
>now i have to read the dark sun novels and find out more about obsidian imagery!
i wish i could remember it's significance, it's been a long time and it wasn't till later that i started looking into all this kinda stuff.
>i have also found the birthright d&d setting in the process and that was a rabbit hole too...
nice, i haven't looked at that one myself. though i hear it's setup a lot like a political conflict between houses.
>oh boy, if dark sun had connections, this is straight up plagiarism :d
grrm's use of symbolism in his story seems to have inspired a lot of other people to try doing it themselves. but even grrm's stuff seems to come from earlier sources. like the conan world and elric's among many others.
<url>
>i'm suprised no one has ever done a reddit series on d&d connections.
yea, it's really quite interesting. i seem to recall a post about similar topics every once in a while around here. though i wouldn't know what to search for at this point to find them.
>george seems to not just intertextually reference and copy, but synthesize cherry picked parts in this pastiche style, but in a way that it's still unique and conveys his own meanings.
i've come to think of it like all the the stories are about different alternate earths. so grrm feels like he can take elements from all his favorite stories and put them together in his own format. which in some sense retroactively connects all these worlds together.
so even dumb shit like someone being called elmo makes a kind of sense. like they are alternate reality versions of the same thing.
>i have already burned through everything that i have found during my last semester.
the best part of how grrm seems to do this, is that there always seems to be more to discover. it's like he gives us a tidbit of information that could lead to 50 different mythologies. and somehow makes a lot of it relevant to his own world.
------
it is definitely possible, and there are many satellites on equatorial orbits. in my previous post, that's what i meant by inclination. it's called a [ stabilized orbit ] ( < url > ) and not just suitable for satellites which take images in the polar regions. the copernicus sentinels, for example, have near - polar orbits in order to achieve a very dense and high repeat pattern over the mid - latitudes in which europe lies. the reason there is no satellite ( that i know of ) with a polar orbit in the right distance from earth to get the roughly half - earth image is probably related to usability. satellites in those distances are usually [ geostationary ] ( < url > ) weather satellites that have to stay in position over their longitude in order to get images of the same area every 15 minutes. if they were moving at the wrong speed or angle, it might take them hours or days to get back into the right position. however, that is only possible on an equatorial orbit because the satellite has to move at the same angular velocity around the earth if our earth is moving underneath it. this also means if we put a satellite in a polar orbit in that distance from earth, it would take roughly a day to get back to the pole it started at, meaning we could only take images of one pole each per half year due to lighting conditions ( seasons ). satellite images are far from just being pretty pictures. [ remote sensing ] ( < url > ) specialists take a lot of data from them, the list is longer than i want to write in here since this post is already getting quite thin. this means, a super - expensive satellite produces data we need for our analyses. a satellite that produces images with a bad spatial resolution ( 1km per pixel, because of the distance ) but can still only make 1 image per day of the region in interest is not very useful for us. the satellites closer to earth take much better pictures, we just have to put them together to get a larger image. so while it is absolutely possible to create the satellite orbit you propose, it's just not feasible for research. about stability of orbits : satellites which need to orbit around the gravitational center of the earth, the direction doesn't matter, nor does the orbit height ( between certain limits, like the atmosphere being too dense already ( the iss has to do course corrections due to this ) or when the gravitational influence from other celestial bodies becomes greater than that of the earth ( getting too close to the sun, e. g. ) ). it might just take you a bit longer to get them into that orbit, but anything's possible in that regard.
------
> first causality could be still fundamental. we could still say, laws of physics aren't fundemantal but emergent out of the behavior of the fundamental particles or wave functions and whatever. we could still say that particles cause each other to behave in a way and we describe it as a law.
> the other way, which i find very intriguing, says that our particles just behave according to the laws of physics. they don't cause each other. we cannot find any direction of causality. they just act in that way, because of the laws of physics. but there's still in elephant in the room. in that view, the laws of physics cause the particles to behave in a certain way. you still have causality. causality is still fundamental.
i think i agree with this assessment, but you're skipping over important implications. yes, the laws of physics "cause" things to move in a pattern, so that is a sense in which causality is fundamental. but the directional causality of preceding events unto resulting events isn't conserved with this definition. the necessity of a "first cause" or "unmoved mover" in a chain of events is not conserved. all that is conserved is the idea that particles and forces are arranged in a pattern throughout spacetime, and that pattern is determined by the laws of physics. it is causality in a way, but it's a very different idea of causality.
> but back to the actual point. you still have fundamental causality. you cannot escape that, because the very act of explaining requires causes. this is what science does, just as our everyday thought.
i sense that you've moved back from the fundamental, laws-of-physics-creating-a-pattern type of causality to the aristotelian type of causality with this. that jump isn't warranted. while it may be true that at the fundamental levels, the laws of physics cause the patterns we see around us, and at our macro level, we see that prior events cause later events, it is not accurate to say that, at fundamental levels, prior events cause later events. scientific explanation and everyday thought use that type of prior-event/ resulting-event causality because it's a useful fiction. it's not fair to draw metaphysical implications from that useful fiction, though.
> i just wanted to show that you can have a worldview, which is not contradicted by your thought experiment in any way, that still allows free will
> and still your thought experiment fails at option 3. you don't have to subscribe to probabalism or pure randomness. you could still have selfdetermined things, that appear from the outside as probabilistic or random. i have not yet seen where you have proven that this cannot be the case.
let me try to explain again why option 3 of the thought experiment is synonymous with true randomness. let's grant the existence of a soul and say that it is the uncaused cause of its own will. it causes that will as an event in spacetime.
now, there are only two (very broad) variables involved in the soul's decision: 1) the nature of the soul, and 2) the state of its environmental inputs. if both variables 1&2 are identical in multiple simulations or "replays" of the same moment, and different states of will result, the *only* explanation of the differing results is probability. the nature of the soul and its environment are perfectly identical in each of the multiple iterations, so what possible explanation of different resulting wills could exist besides probability? i would argue none.
if the nature of the soul and the state of its environment reliably produce the same resulting will in each iteration, then we must say that the will is a deterministic result of the soul's nature and the environment in which it operates. if the nature of the soul and the state of its environment do not produce the same resulting will in each iteration, we must say that the will is a probabilistic result of the soul's nature and the environment in which it operates.
to claim that the exact same variables producing different outcomes in each replay is "freedom" rather than randomness is to stick your head in the sand. you claim that it only looks random from the outside but is truly self-determined and free. i claim that self-determination *is* true randomness, and therefore should not be called self-determination at all. it's not a logical concept. you say i haven't proven that there is a true dichotomy between determinism and probabilism, but i starkly disagree. i think you're looking at probabilism and saying "that's freedom" due to motivated reasoning. it's an illogical claim, but a comforting one.
you can claim that the soul determined its own nature in that moment by its own free choices in previous moments, but you can't just stop there. i'll grant that the soul's choices affect its future nature, but you have to keep following that chain of events all the way back to when the soul was first formed. what determined its original nature? well, maybe its creator, or maybe it just spawned out of the void with some particular nature. either way, it can't logically have determined its own nature because it can't precede its own existence. this is crucial, because it means that every subsequent decision it makes is a result of its original nature and the state of the environment in which it operates. its decisions affect itself and its environment, but the chain of decisions would be changed by a different original nature. this shackles the will to the variables of original design and environment, neither of which the soul is responsible for.
> when you try to describe everything with laws, of course you cannot have free will. free is the opposite of law. free will is something that by definition cannot be further explained or examined. but is it impossible for something to exist, that we can only broadly understand and never examine? that does not mean that free will violates the laws of physics or is not in harmony with them. it could be just a part of the universe that we only can have access to, by our own expirience of it.
the universe does operate according to the laws of physics, so it's sensible to describe the fundamental levels as adhering to those laws. it's very sensible to talk in this way which extinguishes all room for free will, because that very manner of speaking is in line with how we know the universe actually works. to claim otherwise and to hope that free will has some hiding place in the gaps of our understanding about the universe, despite all evidence and logic to the contrary, is intellectual suicide.
------
don't worry. i have problems like that too, especially in my relationship. i feel very very stuck at times, though for other reasons from not being womanly / the way my bf likes me enough. as far as the skirts go, two things i'd like to say : a. ) men also wear skirts ( muslim men especially, but then the skirts are simply called tunic or something of the like ) b. ) skirts give a pretty look if worn correctly. this is going to sound incredibly stupid, but honestly, if you do have the figure for it, a skirt can be an advantage. it's manipulation, yes, but most of human interaction is. if you wear a skirt, you'll ( often ) look hot, what men ( e. co. your boss / etc. ) like. they don't like it in a creepy way ( except if they're creeps ) and it doesn't mean they want to get into your heart ( although... probably yes ), but what is really important is that they appreciate it. men appreciate a woman who can dress up nicely if she wants. that's a fact. and being aware of that can get you very very far in life. it's not only skirts though. a nice - to - look - at woman in a pants suit can have the same effect. and it doesn't stop with men. as a woman, i would not rather talk to a well - dressed person ( dressing well often makes people pretty! ) than to someone who doesn't take care of their looks at all. i don't know if anything in my response is clear but i hope you get the gist. we probably would prefer to be valued for your inside rather than your outside, like everyone, but a lot of people will judge you ( even subconsciously ) on your outside first. in a way, dressing womanly is to put on a mask. you might not feel it, but you have better recognize the advantages it gives you, you have to know the power of that, because if you don't, well, you know the kind of people. they might be lovely people, but they're often overlooked / whatever, and that goes for men as well as women. also - why do you hate looking sexy so much? i'm usually happy if i look sexier than on an average day. those are my best days! we might be totally different personalities, but how can you not like it when people look at you appreciatively because you're pretty? so you're a bit objectified, so what? don't you look at men sometimes as well and think'oh he's hot'or'oh i wish my boyfriend had a bit more muscle, like that guy '? i know i do this, and i don't see anything wrong with it personally. i can appreciate hot women as well as men, and i share these thoughts with my partner sometimes ( though i usually keep it to hot women to keep the jealousy away, haha ). i don't know where i'm going with this any more. try to figure out why you dislike yourself and ( maybe ) your body. that's the best advice i can give at this point. oh, and as to people looking up your skirt : why do you care? even if they see your most hideous grandma - style panty, what are they gonna do about it? and if they see something they like? so what? they will have forgotten in about 0. 2 seconds when another thought comes into their minds. you just laugh it off.
------
i'm sorry if this is incoherent and / or poorly formatted. a little background : i am disabled. i have a genetic connective tissue disorder. i use another wheelchair or walker wherever i go because my joints spontaneously dislocate. i can't drive. it's extremely hard for me to do simple tasks like brush my hair or take a shower without needing help. i met my own ex - boyfriend when i was pretty much able - bodied. he stuck around me through my steep decline of health and for that i am forever grateful. even with my chronic pain, he made me quite happy. i miss him so much already, and now he won't talk to me at all. we broke up over something really stupid. he had been lying to me for months, and when i found out about it, i had an episode of psychosis because my physical and emotional pain was too much of a sensory overload for me to handle ( i have appointments with mental health professionals ; this is not the point of the post ). i never got the chance to explain to him about what happened that night. he broke up with me via a text that i am certain he didn't write. it didn't include his handwriting that i always made, and the formatting appeared copy - and - pasted. it was cold and callous, two things he had never been to me. he always took care of me. he made sure i was fed when i couldn't throw up, helped me get out of the house, took me to doctor's appointments, bought me a fancy suit when my walls started to crumble, listened for me when i took a bath ( i have an autonomic disorder that can make me faint suddenly ), and he gave me a glimpse of what it was like to be normal again. during the course of our relationship, i slowly lost the physical ability to do anything that made me happy anymore. my hands have arthritis and my bones dislocate so i can't write or play my instruments any longer. i can't even read a lot of the time because after a particularly bad hemiplegic cluster headache, my vision has worsened. what can i do? my family can't afford a caregiver. my dad is very stressed out because my mother has the same conditions and is ( debatably ) worse off than i am, and he ends up yelling at me or degrading me when i ask for something a lot of the time. my ex may have lost his first love, but i lost the love of my life and my life in general. i do realize that having a significant other with a disability is not ideal, but he told me many times that he loved me above it all. do you think there's anything i can do to get him to talk to me again, even platonically? he's also the best friend i've ever had. any suggestions are welcome. tldr ; i am disabled ( with physical limitations ) and my boyfriend who took care of me broke up with me yesterday. i don't know how to live with this disability without him because i never had to. how do i carry on physically and emotionally?
------
reading what you wrote just really got to me. i have a lot of stories which get me pissed off at how much toxic feminism prospers in society and especially in the college scene. i only graduated college a year ago so i can remember these events extremely well. when i was in my third month my best friend was accused of rape because he rejected a girl who tried to force him to sleep with her and cheat on his girlfriend. despite having no evidence, because there was none the police were investigating him for over a year simply because this girl said something happened that didn't. he lost so much weight and developed really terrible anxiety because of it. it was like neither matter how much he said it didn't happen the police refused to accept it. they even got to the point where they were throwing out other claims based on her bullshit statement like he abused her even before he didn'it rape her and etc. he legit almost took a plea deal to try to make it all stop. this bitch meanwhile was playing victim and getting support from everyone, which in the end they concluded was the primary reason she kept it going so long, because she wanted attention. my second big example actually happened during the year after i graduated undergrad and now it happened at the gaming club which i founded, by my immediate successor and his crazy girlfriend who pretended to be the president over him. a different friend i have who is a super sweet guy and very inclusive saw that one of the female members was off in a corner on her own so he decided to be friendly and try to find an interest she likes. they talked about anime and music yada yada so when club ended he started to friend her on fb so they could talk about the anime some more and she would feel she made a friend. she misinterprets it hard. her immediate response is to introduce him to the club president who was probably going to just let it go until his girlfriend knew my friend needs to be made an example of. she takes lead yelling at us and tells him things along the line of people like him are the type who kill girls who reject them and it was obvious he wasn't just being nice but hitting on her and that he didn't leave club they would call campus pd on him. i'm standing there mouth wide open while the new president doesn't do anything but nod in agreement with her. this guy btw knows him as well for three years and was even and to gaming club through my friend and he does nothing to defend my friends image to her, it really pissed me off to see that. i later found out it was because if he didn't let her have her victory she wouldn't sleep with him for awhile. i stopped talking to him in altogether after that. after that we lost over half the members and the ones that stayed dealt with her tranny over what was and wasn't allowed to be said or done in club. i felt obligated to continue club because i started it but in the end i also had to quit because it never sat right with me what they did to my friend and what they were doing to my organization. my club is now in the hands of a weak willed president and his extreme feminist gf who hates when guys are nice to girls.
------
it's been years since i saw the movie so i can't remember exact details, but when i saw it i laughed at how awful it was. > so max dillon being humiliated in front of millions by the only person he thought with a clue about him after the hardest traumatic day of his life is now " no motivation? " yeah. i don't remember exactly how it happened but dude wasn't even humiliated, spider - man forgot his name or some shit and he freaked out over it. > despite being one of spider - man's go - to comic book villains, electro ends up getting a strangely meek treatment here, and even an actor of jamie foxx's caliber can't do much against the tide of effects - driven filmmaking and bad writing. the major issue with the character is that his motivation to become a villain is so hilariously awful : as max dillon, he looks up to spidey and appears to deeply value an encounter in which the web - slinger saved him. thus, when he turns into electro after an improbable accident involving electric eels, he snaps at spidey just for forgetting his name. after that, he claims that he's trying to cut the power to new york to make the city's citizens feel just as he did when he worked during oscorp : powerless. it might just be tough - guy rherotic, or it's unconvincing at best and goofy at worst, making even the frustratingly ever - sympathetic villains of raimi's spider - man movies favourable to this nonsense. his final showdown with spidey is easily the character's highlight, though when he eventually loses to spidey and disappears into the ether, we feel absolutely nothing. - - - - - - - - - - - - - > electro is motivated by the fact that nobody notices him. but people notice him all the time. he just keeps saying, " nobody notices me. " he gets mad at spider - man because he doesn't remember him. why would he? who would make the connection between a black guy with a bad comb - over and a maniacal blue creature made of electricity in a hoodie? then, when it's obvious people notice him he switches to stealing all the electricity for no reason. van orborn's motivation makes a little sense, but it makes more sense when he becomes the green goblin. the least sandman, the new goblin and venom had clear goals. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > after 142 minutes the villains accomplish nothing. in spider - man 3 the villain that had the least to do was sandman and he had some really good bank robbery scenes. even venom had a little worth doing. electro has a ridiculous plan to make himself important and it's stupid. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > the problem with electro isn't that he looks like arnold schwarzenegger's mr. freeze, but that he was conceived like jim carrey's riddler : a " brilliant, " socially awkward doormat who perceives every compliment or slight as if it's a life - changing event. dane dehaan throws himself into playing harry osborn with abandon, regurgitating exposition with sincerity and transforming harry's parental neglect into an almost believable sense of rage. but if james franco's portrayal in the first spider - man movies lacked enough internal torment, dehaan exudes too much, never once seeming like the young man he's supposed to be - - even one coming to terms with the responsibility of a billion - dollar company and a potentially terminal disease. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > electro has no thematic purpose whatsoever in this movie. he exists simply to fill time and have a flashy villain for spider - man to fight. as an actual character, he's even worse. like the lizard in the first film, he is given no legitimate reason to become a villain, other than i guess he heard voices in his head for some reason that turns him against everyone. his justification for hating spider - man is paper - thin at best, and he unbelievably switches from shy, timid nerd to evil, booming murderer in the blink of an eye. that's without even going into how stupid the character looks to begin with. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > i have no idea what character dane dehaan was trying to play, but it sure as hell didn't feel anything close to what is supposed to be harry osborn. his performance is by far the worst in the movie, so ridiculously over - the - top and cartoonish that there isn't a chance that you can possibly take him seriously as a real human being. even worse, this movie is forced to cover the entire character arc of harry osborn in a single film, which leaves the whole thing feeling rushed and hollow. had harry been introduced in the first film, this might have felt a bit more excusable, but they never earned the right to tell his entire story now. harry is thrown into the film and you're simply led to believe that he and peter are super best friends forever ( despite having not connected in years ), and thus the entire relationship between the two characters is never truthfully established and causes later revelations in the movie to completely lack emotional weight ( more on that next ). you're left with the green goblin having a glorified five minute cameo that is a complete waste of spider - man's best villain, and who only exists in this movie to kill gwen stacy, be defeated in a ridiculously lame manner, and then set up the next film.
------
last month i wrote [ a post ] ( < url > ) about hall of fame voting which talked about the economic realities of being a professional magic player. in it i mentioned how a lot of the polemics surrounding the hof debate had to do with economics. while the top half dozen or so players can expect to make between < cur > 30k - < cur > 40k a year, other players like brian - braun duin hope to at best break even off competitively. the rest, beyond players of bbd's caliber, are largely losing players. then there is the aspect of their future after magic, which is often not promising. i sourced information on all along these points in that article and most parties are welcome to take a look. today i just wanted to write a few words about gerry thompson's protest. his six points are important and worth reading, but i'd just like just focus on his first point here : > wizards of the coast ( wotc ) does not pay professional players a living wage. this, in and of itself, is not a requirement. still, if the goal is to sell the dream by playing on the pro tour, there should be something in place to make that worth achieving. between qualifying becoming more and more difficult, especially with the goal posts continually changing, and the lack of reward at the top, the message currently being sent is " don't waste your time. " if it's been well documented that the best of the best struggle to make entry level pay, how does that compare with other esports? dota2's annual tournament have given roughly < cur > 25 million dollars these past two years. greats in the game make scores of thousands of dollars annually. for example, kuro takhasomi, one of the most successful wizards made the following between 2013 and today : 2018 - < cur > 616, 150. 40 2017 - < star > 2, 436, 772. 40 2016 - < cur > 362, 813. 20 2015 - < cur > 333, 892. 82 2014 - < cur > 2, 893. 70 2013 - < cur > 156, 582. 29 ok, but that's dota, what about hearthstone which is probably a better analogy for magic? while the total prize payouts are smaller, 28 people have already made over < cur > 100, 000 dollars playing hearthstone ( [ source ] ( < url > ) ). here are the top ten : 1. wei lin chen - < cur > 343, 121. 67 ( in 19 tournaments ) 2. pavel beltiukov - < cur > 337, 048. 00 ( in 26 tournaments ) 3. zhou bin - < cur > 296, 734. 75 ( in 15 tournaments ) 4. xhope - < cur > 280, 063. 18 ( in 13 tournaments ) 5. frank zhang - < cur > 243, 032. 26 ( in 20 tournaments ) 6. jon westberg - < cur > 240, 995. 38 ( in 45 tournaments ) 7. kim jung soo - < cur > 231, 781. 57 ( in 17 tournaments ) 8. james kostesich - < cur > 230, 053. 10 ( in 35 tournaments ) 9. aleksandr malsh - < cur > 225, 429. 96 ( in 46 tournaments ) 10. artem kravets - < cur > 210, 416. 67 ( in 8 tournaments ) this doesn't include other opportunities hearthstone players have to make money, like streaming and are already impressive figures for a game released in 2014. now compare that with top magic players. first the list of tournament earnings as tracked by [ sveinung bjornerud ] ( < url > ) : 1. paulo vitor damo da rosa - < cur > 497, 785 2. jon finkel - < cur > 461, 884 3. shuhei nakamura - < cur > 411, 150 4. yuuya watanabe - < cur > 400, 525 5. shota yasooka - < cur > 391, 615 6. william jensen - < cur > 387, 595 7. kai budde - < cur > 384, 220 8. gabriel nassif - < cur > 369, 710 9. luis scott - vargas - < cur > 360, 380 10. owen turtenwald - < cur > 345, 570 ( [ source ] ( < url > ) ) on their face these are very impressive figures and we've probably seen most of them if we've watched a pro tour. it might seem like magic players are making a lot more than hearthstone players until you take into account the length of these players careers and the number of events they have played. let's just look at total pts played and when they began playing professionally. 1. paulo vitor damo da rosa - 54 pts played, debut worlds 2003 2. jon finkel - 83 pts played, debut worlds 1996 3. shuhei nakamura - 64 pts played, debut pro tour san diego 2001 - 02 4. yuuya watanabe - 45 pts played, debut pro tour yokohama 2007 5. shota yasooka - 56 pts played, debut pro tour barcelona 2001 6. william jensen - 55 pts played, debut pro tour rome 1999 7. kai budde - 58 pts played, debut pro tour - mainz 1997 8. gabriel nassif - 75 pts played, debut pro tour - chicago 2000 - 01 9. luis scott - vargas - 49 pts played, debut pro tour san diego 2004 10. owen turtenwald - 39 pts played, debut pro tour valencia 2007 so, we can see that even if a player made < cur > 500, 000 in 15 years played professionally, a truly impressive feat, that still is just < cur > 33, 333 annually. yuuya is the player who came closest to meeting < cur > 40k annually, but still falls short. this also doesn't count the number of gps these players played in, which, again comes at a loss for even the best of players ( see my last article for sources ) or the costs of traveling and procuring cards. it also doesn't count things like streaming, but it's hard for professional players to do this successfully in magic when compared with other games. realistically, a small handful of players can expect to make between < cur > 30k and < cur > 40k a year if they are both excellent and get lucky for a limited amount of time. then they'll need to move on to another occupation. pv discussed this recently on his podcast, how he needs to have an exit strategy from magic and can only continue this lifestyle today thanks to ventures like spikesacademy ( [ source ] ( < url > ) ). we know that finkel and kai both retired from the grind at their peaks at a point when they had an incredible edge against the field. it just wasn't worth their time, or sustainable. does this mean that the message from wotc is simply * " don't waste your time " * as gerry said? is that different from other esports? i think it probably is different when compared to hearthstone or other top games and that realistically there isn't enough earning potential in magic to justify doing it professionally. even for people with an extraordinary love of the game. it just takes too long to move from being a losing player to a breakeven player ( someone of bbd's caliber. ) and it's not realistic to think you can overtake the players on the above list for the chance at earning tens of thousands of dollars each year, which is why gerry and others are calling the dream dead. will gerry's protest force wotc to make changes? it's hard to tell, but i'd love to dialogue about it in the comments.
------
point c is one of the main reasons i dropped out halfway through my teaching degree. there were hundreds of students under taking this course each year. we'd have lectures in some of the largest theaters in the university. while few of the people i studied with had the best of intentions, too many were just there because they wanted a steady job. a lot for them were like me, who had arts degrees already but, of course, it's virtually impossible to get work in the classes with just that. the worst example is the girl everyone did my prac with : by and from the riff. i joked that she will never leave school because she went straight from school, to uni and then she's going back to school. i think she just wanted a stable job asap so she could settle down with her plumber boyfriend, have a house in the burbs and all that. she hoped that no one noticed her about the weekly faculty meetings, without considering that if she had showed up 40 mins before the first bell each morning as instructed this wouldn't have been an issue. also against instruction from the university, she showed up dressed in jeans and hoodies. she failed to notice that no one else on staff dressed so sloppily. our teacher - supervisor wore dresses from marcs and i wore heels and a blazer by comparison. personally i felt the students were entitled to more respect. i ended up complaining about it to our head professor because here was something i found particularly offensive, not just for the students but for me too. i mean, how the fuck could someone as conscientious as me be in the same course as this slob? but that was the issue : she didn't have much respect for the students. she'd scoff that her lesson planning for her year 7 class was easy because the students were dumb anyway. she was surprised when another prac student and i pointed out that they were 12 and 13 - year - old kids. and in the classroom she would address the class like an evil hausfrau. but then again, it's difficult to maintain students'attention when all they're doing is copying from the white board into their books word for word. yes it is true, the bar for entry into teaching degrees is too low. this creates a massive factor in the decline in education standards. to make matters worse, teachers like her are the ones who often manage to stick it out. because she didn't really care about the students nearly as much as she did about having a stable salary with decent super. meanwhile, teachers who actually do care about their students, burn out within the first few years after graduating and leave the profession entirely. finland and south korea consistently rank the highest in education standards in the oecd. in these countries getting in to education is as difficult as getting in to law and other highly sought - after courses. consequently, they tend to get more driven and passionate teachers. as well, the teaching profession is far more respected in finnish and south korean society. if universities would raise the minimum atar for teaching by 5 or even 10 points they would make a huge difference. but, as has already been mentioned, universities are more interested in earning money from hecs students than the betterment of society. i dropped out because i realized that teaching is not for me. i'm not passionate enough about children. if only other teaching students were as logical but that just goes to show their priorities, read : stable paycheck versus making a difference.
------
b
------
so many great ash moments and development in this episode, i took a lot of screenshots again. i was missing best boy yut lung so much last afternoon - so glad to see him here, [ green dress, tied - together hair and all ] ( < url > ). [ the non - answers ] ( < url > ) he [ gave to sing ] ( < url > ) were amusing, [ he could have give him ] ( < url > ) a straight shot but prefers to complicate the situation. see the way he is and especially how calm he was in the face of dino back in ep 9, [... suspected yut has a tragic backstory just like ash ] ( < url > ), and he himself [ compares his circumstances ] ( < url > ) to ash. [ and his expression here ] ( < url > )... i actually [ feel sympathetic for yut lung ] ( < url > ), he might be portrayed as a villain but in [ truth he's just in the like situation as ash ] ( < url > )... also [ love this shot reminding us ] ( < url > ) he'm just a 16 year old kid inside. i knew something bad was about to happen when [ ash said eiji would somehow ] ( < url > ) come [ i hate him ] ( < url > ), and agree to come back to japan... [ ash taunting dino ] ( < url > ) like this [ was cool ] ( < url > ), he's [ overcoming the fear of his abuser ] ( < url > )... [ this line got pretty revealing too ] ( < url > ), ash has even bigger problems on his hands now. kinda a sense of foreboding with ash and eiji's scenes after, i knew some conflict was coming... [ first with eiji reflecting on ash giving orders to kill people ] ( < url > ) and [ questioning his unwavering trust in ash ] ( < url > ). their [ interaction after that was cute ] ( < url > ) though, [ cain is a really cool character ] ( < url > ) - great on screen presence and like the voice acting too, while being a gang leader he does still have a sense of fair play, plus we needed another black character here after skip died. [ it shows ash's skill ] ( < url > ) that [ he could force a whole gang ] ( < url > ) surrounding him into a corner. another cute asheiji scene after that, [ eiji got a lot prepared ] ( < url > ) while ash was out meeting with cain. [ such a big difference ] ( < url > ) between [ eiji's enthusiasm ] ( < url > ), and [ ash's reactions ] ( < url > ) to [ what he's eating ] ( < url > ). [ ash not being subtle with " old geezer " ] ( < url > ) there lol, he's only 19 man... major shift in tone [ when ash goes in person to kill some of arthur's men ] ( < url > ). [ the lighting here ] ( < url > ) reminds me of the early episodes, perhaps symbolic of [ what ash is returning to ] ( < url > )... [ which even he realises ] ( < url > ), though he'll deny it to eiji in the next scene. ash arrives back and [ eiji's quick to point out the signs ] ( < url > ) of [ what he just got up ] ( < url > ) to - [ eiji makes a stand, but is he right? ] ( < url > ). [ atleast he got one thing definitely correct. ] ( < url > ) but then [ ash points out the huge difference between his world ] ( < url > ) and the one eiji is used to, and that [ morality makes no difference ] ( < url > ). eiji [ prompts him ] ( < url > ) to [ rethink though by bringing up his deceased friends ] ( < url > )... ash continues to be like the most relatable character, [ struggling with a " gift " others don't understand ] ( < url > ) and [ he has never wanted ] ( < url > )... [ ash's gang are adorable ] ( < url > - [ how exactly do these guys ] ( < url > ) go around killing people, or is it the rest of the gang that does that? we're reminded again of ash's smarts when [ we find him in the library with several books ] ( < url > ) by his side ( which books, though? ). how ash and eiji's argument plays out is so relatable too, with ash initially getting angry when the truth is told to him, [ still pouting the next morning ] ( < url > ), but then [ acknowledging eiji was right ] ( < url > ). relationship watch : [ eiji calls ash his friend ( * tomodachi * ) here. ] ( < url > ). [ nice visuals in this scene ] ( < url > ). ash's pieced a lot together about the drug banana fish on his own... it's not just about the mafia but has wider geopolitical ramifications. ofcourse dino is in it just for the money, nevermind how many people die. i think this was central america rather than the middle east in the manga, so they must have rewrote a bunch of details. [ and still ash hasn't told eiji he's going home ] ( < url > ) just the day after - i guess that's going to cause even more trouble next week. [ max is perceptive about ] ( < url > ) about [ ash's relationship with eiji ] ( < url > ) - [ is that ash blushing i can see ] ( < url > )? [ the pumpkin scene seems kind of inevitable ] ( < url > ) after last week, [ but seeing how different ash is here ] ( < url > ) to [ earlier in the ] ( < url > ) episode [ is quite the contrast. ] ( < url > ) [ eiji is so into his househusband role he's already familiar ] ( < url > ) with all the housewives in the block. [ eiji's reaction to being asked if he has a girlfriend ] ( < url > ) was rather interesting. then [ ash revealed a relationship ] ( < url > ) he [ had with a girl when he was younger ] ( < url > ). [ she got killed for getting too close to him though ] ( < url > ) - he [ probably told the story as a hint to eiji ] ( < url > ). [ ash doesn't want to get into an argument ] ( < url > ) again on their last night together. man, this series has the best endings to each episode... [ eiji is turned away, sleeping ] ( < url > ) and [ ash looks conflicted watching over him ] ( < url > ). then he leaves to fight with arthur, like we see in the op, [ covering his eyes ] ( < url > ) before [ heading into the darkness. ] ( < url > ) damn, amazon was later than usual this week. no episode next week either, episode 13 airs on the 4th.
------
> all i said was that you can't feed 7b people on an american diet. that's today. that's true.
either you look at today with current consumption + production, or you look at the future and scale up production accordingly. you can't create a hypothetical scenario where you suddenly have 7b people consuming like americans without any change in production. you have to adjust both sides of the equation, otherwise you're just conveniently creating a scenario that fits your narrative.
> it might. but then again it might not. we might solve land issues. but we still have issues with water, fertilizer, antibiotics and co2/ch4 emissions
so lets tackle this in two parts. the first is water scarcity. if water scarcity reaches a point where it becomes a resource constraint, then water desalinization will become cost effective. whether or not this water treatment process will still be prohibitively high is unknown. if we manage to become more efficient, the cost might be lowered and the price impact on commodities that use water as part of production might be minimal or significant. this is the unknown part, but the means of producing the quantity is there.
in regards to antibiotic resistance, this is an issue that we're facing regardless and has no relation to scaling of production. whether we stop increasing production and keeping at 2018 levels or scale it as demand increases, antibiotic resistance is an issue that society as a whole has to deal with regardless and increased production doesn't exacerbate the situation.
when it comes to co2 emissions, you're going to need to be more concrete. now we're no longer looking at feasibility based on resource constraints, you're looking at an issue of how much can we push the planet's limits. my concern here is that you're using hyperbolic and intangible language here. my definition of "ruining the planet" and your definition of "ruining the planet" may vary drastically. for example, i have no qualms with shorelines disappearing and thousands of species of animals going extinct in the wild, but you might consider that "ruined". my idea of ruined would be the planet's temperature reaching a point where it becomes inhospitable for human beings even with man-made adaptions, which is probably much further along than your definition.
if we look at the world as something to optimize, the end goal should be to create something that is ultimately sustainable. the question now is how you balance the short and long run. if you only focus on the short-run, then the easiest solution is to shut down every factory, every vehicle, and mandate birth control. however, by limiting the resources you have and the population size, you're limiting the pool of scientific and engineering talent possible of making progress on solutions to, say, cold-fusion or a similar technology that could solve our energy needs. the opposite would be to allow countries like india and china to use cheap and polluting technologies to power their country and enable their economic development. this would allow their population to continue to grow and develop, and add a ton of scientists to the global population which contributes towards improving efficiencies and work on sustainable solutions. the question is which one is more effective in the long-term. will we reach cold-fusion faster by capping current carbon emissions and progressing at current pace, or by allowing carbon emissions and also increasing the pace of research? i'm more inclined to believe in the latter.
> you're very free to keep screwing the planet betting on future technology to save us all. based on your comments i wouldn't expect or even ask much of you anyways.
you're committing the logical fallacy of the chicken or the egg. you're saying that because we don't have the technology currently, we are unable to have it in the future. my rebuttal would be that we don't have the technology currently because there's no need for it. humans are for the most part rational decision makers. it's unrealistic and contrary to human nature for us to all cut consumption and wait until technology has enabled us to consume in a sustainable manner. for example, if you outlaw beef in all forms today until it has been deemed sustainable, you'll raise 1-2 generations of people that never tasted beef and thus decrease the demand for beef to a non-significant level. without a demand for beef, there's little incentive to make process on improving ranching efficiencies. the flip-side would be to allow people to consume and people will have to innovate to meet the demands, which creates the incentive for the technological progress to be made. the former is predicated on the assumption humans will altruistically develop technology for something they have no interest in, the latter is based on the assumption humans will develop technology that they benefit from. if i was a betting man, i'd pick the latter 100% of the time because it properly aligns incentives.
compromising our diets to solve the problem of climate change is a lazy solution, just like saying abstinence is the solution to society's problems with std's. you're ignoring alternatives and solutions that exist like contraception and medication in favor of the simplest solution that comes at the expense of satisfaction and warping of human nature.
------
> let me start off by saying thank you for the articulate response! you have challenged my views well and i believe that like muscles, beliefs are anti - fragile in that they are strengthened by adversity. as the proverb goes " iron sharpens iron ", and hopefully you will be offended as well. i think that's the point of this subreddit and all the debates we do here. not to pretend to be intellectually or morally superior, but to reflect upon certain beliefs and see through the flaws in them, and change accordingly. if someone gives a convincing proof for the existence of god, i would gladly consider changing my beliefs. > i have learned from experience that lying ultimately leads to suffering. this experience lead me to believe that the bible was correct and that i had previously thought wrong. that only shows that lying is wrong though. support cs lewis'narnia shows that lying is wrong, does that mean the story of narnia is true and the lion and evil queen do exist, and every other moral in narnia is infallible? obviously not. the bible, as any other novel, tries to teach some " life lessons ". even if you find those morals right, it only shows that the bible's morals fit your worldview, not that the bible is factually true or that your moral basis is the bible. you're saying : i know x is wrong - > i think bible is correct - > i was wrong to x and i'm saying it's simply : i think x is wrong - > i was wrong to x > no it doesn't. what is definitely context involved in what the bible actually says. without remembering that and the culture in which it was written, one cannot properly understand its meaning. the bible explicitly commands certain gay people ( leviticus 20 ) and people who had premarital sex ( deuteronomy 13 ). are you gonna say it is right under those cultural contexts, or that that is wrong regardless of the context? i personally would think that stoning gays and people who had premarital sex is always wrong, and i'd say you believe so too. so why would one struggle to find all sorts of " contexts " to explain these commands? we always see christians trying to find all the " contextual clues " and " metaphoric interpretations " of dealing with difficult passages. the reason is that they don't think they make sense, and so they have to " interpret " ( or shape ) the verses to match their worldview. > not all heterosexual sex has anything to do with love. i imagine the same is true for homosexual sex. some, if not most of both are lust. lust is unbridled sexual desire. in all of our other desires we are taught we must control ourselves. i desire success, but cannot morally satisfy that desire by any means necessary ( cheating, stealing ). i like power but cannot morally murder my opponent to get it. in the same way, i like blowjobs, but my wife would be furious and it would be damaging to my family ( the building blocks of society ) if i took one from any woman that would give me one. if all i cared about was blowjobs it would be silly for me to limit myself to only 50 % of the population ( the women only ), but i don't believe that would be the over - arching goal of a thriving society. i apologize for being crude, but i fealt it necessary to make my point. forgive me but i think you are strawing away from our point. obviously everything can be bad, including straight and gay sexual thoughts. my point is, a gay couple can have the purest, noblest, most selfless elements that are present in a straight couple. yet somehow christians deem the selfless straight couple admirable but not the gay ones, even though they are as pure as straight ones. your examples of perversion of desires include cheating, stealing, murder etc, actions that obviously harm others directly or indirectly. but can you honestly say a selfless homosexual couples harm anyone in some ways that an equally altruistic heterosexual couples don't? > it does effect you and i understand why you disagree. i was refuting your point that people reject christianity because they want to do something ( often considered sinful ) and they want to be free to do it. i'm saying no, people can reject christianity purely because they find its standards and morality unjust and bigoted. > i understand and agree with you. it is our jobs to love homosexuals and protect their rights. any church that says differently needs to re - read their bible and consider it in light of what jesus taught. i'm glad you think that way. yet proclaiming you love homosexuals, while denying the validity of their marriage or love, is not exactly loving. imagine someone saying, " i love black people, i just don't think they should be allowed to get married! " does that seem coherent to you? > i agree but to claim i know the reason for everything the bible says rather than say i don't know when applicable would be dishonest and harmful to my faith, my reputation and whoever i was lying to. good for you to be honest! i think in these discussions, intellectual honesty and respect for people of other beliefs are paramount. > nope. i was ashamed because my life was a wreck, i was letting loved one's down and squandering my talents. the bible told me in advance that that is what would happen and i was ashamed that it took me nearly hitting bottom to finally listen. again, suppose two scenarios, in one you find yourself hurting others but the bible did not say anything about that, in another the bible says those lifestyle is wrong, but you honestly can't see how it hurts anyone. in which scenario do you think you are more likely to repent and start living a healthy lifestyle? the one in which you realize how harmful your behaviors are, or the one in which a book is telling you it is wrong? > no, apathy is the exact opposite of empathy. kindness is the antonym of cruelty. the empathy / apathy scale measures your feelings ( concern ) or lack thereof for others. kindness / cruelty measure benevolance. these two measures intersect but are not the same yes i know, i was saying someone with empathy would try not to be cruel, as in " the nazis were the exact opposite of kindness ", or " tom is the opposite of friendly ". > that is an impossibility. in order to help one person often times it is at the cost of someone else. empathy not tempered by justice leads to atrocities. remember any virtue in the extremes leads to vice. > sometimes. what some would consider cruel is sometimes necessary. i'm afraid i can't agree to that. i know the golden mean is an ancient philosophical idea back from antiquity, but it doesn't really make sense. is someone who is \ * too \ * kind to everyone cruel? is someone too full of " christian virtues " non - christian? any amount of virtue can be shaped or perverted into " sins ", but that has nothing to do with " too much ". > no, i would say my parents said so because it is wrong. yes that is correct. but my point remains : you parents caused you to believe killing is wrong, but your rationale for believing that isn't " parents taught me so ". in the same sense, your bible is ( partially ) responsible for causing you believe x is wrong, but ultimately you rationale for believing x is wrong should be based on empathy or something else, not " bible taught me so ".
------
it's not free though. you're paying for it with your taxes. the difference is its going to hurt the poor people the most because the government doesn't care about the people.
they care about themselves. even w the ones pushing socialized healthcare.
i know i'm going to get banned saying this but i think the realistic solution is to stop the government getting involved in it.
<url>
this is the gdp of medicare parts a-d. about 4%.
<url>
this is medicaid. 2.1%.
<url>
with the rest of the subsidies and chip.
u.s. health care spending grew 4.3 percent in 2016, reaching <cur>3.3 trillion or <cur>10,348 per person. as a share of the nation's gross domestic product, health spending accounted for 17.9 percent.
<url>
now that's how much is costs right now, medicare/medicaid/chip/and subsidies are hardly as comprehensive or all encompassing as completely "free" healthcare. canadians pay 45% of their income in taxes.
<url>
so the question is, how much do most of you make? (the example will be for single people and going up to 91k because i want to give a fair example of the average american that worries about money)
the lowest tax bracket in the u.s. is 10%. for <cur>0-<cur>9k, and 15% for <cur>9k-<cur>37k. 25% for <cur>37k-<cur>91k. plus state taxes, and sales taxes.
this gets way more advanced because of provinces and its more complicated than states.
so i'll do their federal.
canada pays 15% for 45k and under, 20% 45k - 91k.
so their poorer people actually pay more in taxes than americans and the people who are sick pay extra in america. usually the hospitals work out payment plans or lower the price for those without insurance because they know they're not going to get money out of them. so usually it's middle class paying way more to hospitals if they lack insurance.
however these days the u.s government offers insurance. if you do the math for the lowest plan for those paying for the insurance it makes the price comparable to the canadians that pay extra in taxes, but with the crony capitalist system in place, you can expect the businesses to raise prices of services because they know the government is footing the bill. so you can expect american taxes to raise beyond that of canadian ones.
now i know this is a wall of text but i think i'm driving my point home here, it would actually be cheaper for the poor if the government stopped taxing americans for healthcare.
i'll provide examples of why. ok now in the medical industry they have this thing called the r.o.a.d and medical students are vying to get into the industry.
>the r.o.a.d. specialties (radiology, ophthalmology, anesthesia, and dermatology) are the top specialties with respect to lifestyle as viewed by current students. students perceive their own specialty's lifestyle realistically. research determining why a specialty perceived as having a lower-rated lifestyle is acceptable to some students and not others is needed.
<url>
the reason they're trying to get into the specialty is because it's highly unregulated, meaning they're allowed to do their jobs without buerocratic interference, and it makes them money. why? well for one, it's a highly desirable market, it's cheap compared to other branches of medicine and it draws people in because they know how much they're going to pay before the procedure. ex. plastic surgery, or laser eye surgery.
if they did that too all medicine i think socialized healthcare would be insufficient because as i've proved above america isn't capable of doing socialized health are without taxing americans way more than canadians. you'll pay for someone else's healthcare if you're healthy and so will the poor because let's be honest, the rich have ways of avoiding taxes and politicians make a lot of money too so the won't pass anything like that.
so why not go the opposite direction and deregulated the market and leave regulations in that protect the consumer and keep predatory practices at bay?
idk. just a thought. either that or immigrate to canada, if it really is that great why do canadians come here to get healthcare done?
<url>
<url>
<url>
mods, ill take my ban now.
also to the person who i replied to, your anecdotal experience might not be the norm for everyone else.
"free healthcare" isn't free, you're just paying for it out of your paycheck in every paycheck, for your whole life. just because you're not receiving it at the hospital counter or in a bill from the hospital doesn't mean you or someone else didn't pay for it. so the question is, how is it better than the alternative if you're still paying for it?
------
i disagree with that idea. i feel like a better set of builds would be different ways of playing the game, rather than different power levels ( which isn't bad in and of itself, but i think can be bad if badly balanced ). for example, imagine if all your builds did the same damage, but affected different parts of the screen. one build did no damage within 30ft of the player, but had long - range attacks and could set up walls. one build could only do damage within 30ft of the player, but had dashes to close distances quickly and could make him / herself temporarily invulnerable. another build could damage everything in a line leading to the edge of the screen ( like disintegrate ), and that build could move around quickly so that they could change damage directions when they needed to. so on and so forth. i don't think that a game where builds changed the fundamental way you play would require " wrong " or " bad " builds. it simply shifts the nature of the player's choices. rather than choosing whether or not the build functions, the player is choosing how they want to play the game. to use path of exile as an example, since you did, i simply wouldn't focus enough to use flicker strike ; my eyes bug out. i enjoy righteous fire, but someone who likes moving really fast and who doesn't have my focusing issues might like flicker strike a lot more than rf, since rf is a comparatively slow build, and i'm pretty sure flicker strike kills bosses a lot faster and more reliably. neither rf nor flicker strike are " bad " or " wrong " builds, but obviously some players gravitate towards one or the other. i think it may be fine to work towards all builds being the same kind of way. also, the course of exile skill tree example feels reasonable, but i don't think it works over as well as you think it does. the fact is, the game can be beaten mostly on the point of strong gear, which can be acquired without much difficulty simply through trading. so much of your damage comes from having a powerful skill called a six - linked item socketed with powerful damage multipliers, and so much of your defenses comes from a large hp pool and elemental resistances, which can all be found primarily on items. a good passive tree obviously helps, and is a huge force multiplier, especially in terms of % life nodes, but i'd wager that if you had a lot of currency to make a character with, you could decide on a build, then choose your passive skills completely at random so long as you took enough stats to use your gear, and still end up with a build that could kill kitava, clear at least the normal and cruel labyrinths ( if not the merciless as well ), and at least make it to the start of yellow maps. in fact, i know from experience that quill rain + thief's torment + tornado shot gives you so much life back per second that only one - shots kill you, and i'm sure that even if you never got a single life node, you could get enough life from kaom's heart and good life rolls on equipment to steamroll the main story, the labyrinths, and the beginning of maps. as long as your build was " enough stats for gear, then random, " i'm pretty sure you could easily clear the game.
------
i do, and i wrote about it a while ago:
>trump is not a normal candidate. trump is a caudillo. which is troubling because trump is the first american caudillo. other nations know how to handle these people, america doesn't.
>caudillos are men who hold vast power through:
>a. economic
>b. military
>c. politically
>d. socially
>they gain power not from just real power, but imagined power.
>lets take a very famous caudillo, maximino avila camacho. he used armed supporters to storm his own government offices for fun as minister, massive shows of wealth, and intimidation to give himself an air of power, specifically machismo power.
>he took over the top spot from plutarco elias calles, who after being humiliated by being arrested and expelled from the nation to live with his sister, lost all his power. he wasn't seen as the power house he was, because his image got tarnished. calles had real power, but the most important asset to him was imagined power.
>he was "el jefe maximo" (the maximum boss or the supreme leader) now reduced to a confused old man being dragged out of his house in the middle of the night to go live with his sister in america because his ass got kicked out of his own country and everyone was cheering for it.
>maximino was the same, he pushed the idea of a strong military man who still had it.
>in reality, maximino was nothing more than a washed up old man trying to cling to his powerful image he held in his youth as a soldier. sure he had vast economic power and was friends with axel wenner gren, the richest man on the world at that point, but his power didn't come from his businesses. it came from his military history, and he was just an obese old man with severe untreated diabetes and a metal bone in his leg. he was so frail he was advised against traveling at all, but he would never let that reality be known.
>if some historians are to be believed, maximino was murdered by a silent man named miguel aleman valdes, a man who worked in espionage and his rival by poison, after maximino threatened to kill miguel. no boasting. no warnings. no threats. miguel just brought death to what people saw as the most powerful man in front of all his friends.
>in the official story, he died stuffing his fat face with food in front of all his friends after threatening his political enemies.
>neither of those scenarios are manly or dominant in the slightest and destroyed the image of maximino. he was no longer some untouchable demigod.
>caudillos are men who typically prey upon the weak. the emasculated. the humiliated. the ones who took economic hits while others didn't. both of history's greatest examples are old men who can't even fight a toddler but their image makes them out to be manly men when they are impotent.
>and weak men especially gravitate towards a caudillo who is almost guaranteed to be weak as well. they desperately form a shield wall around a caudillo and only do so because of image, in today's term "memery".
>the rule is the louder the caudillo, the weaker he is and more desperate are his even weaker supporters.
>the only way to take down a caudillo is through humiliation so blatant not even his supporters can deny it. or if another caudillo declares literal war on him and wins. caudillos exist because their image makes them seem like demigods to people who look for what they think is power. you can attack their real power like businesses or voting record, but that isn't where their actual power lies.
>so trump gained his appeal because he is rich and seen as in charge. weak people gravitated to what they see as a strong leader to help after feeling emasculated and powerless against the larger world.
>the only way for trump to lose support is if he is shown to be broke, and powerless. meaning he wasn't some genius businessman, just a failed one. the mc hammer of the business world. which is why his tax records are guarded so well.
>caudillos cannot be destroyed by facts or blunders. they can only be destroyed by striking at the very heart of their power, the image they cultivate for themselves.
trump is using some very old social engineering going back centuries, and was previously only seen in spanish speaking countries.
if caudillos become common in america, it will cause way more damage than it ever caused to latin america. and caudillos have killed a lot of futures and can easily destroy a nation for decades.
------
lol wtf you on about? all that bail out of freddie / fanny happened under bush, his treasury secretary and his fhfa director. because the repubs who held absolute power for most of the time leading up to it, crashed their economy leading to near economic collapse under republican economic policies. learn some actual facts and delete your extensive non - factual rewrite of history fam. start here : the federal takeover of fannie mae and freddie mac was the placing into account of the government - sponsored enterprises ( gses ) federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ) and federal home loan mortgage corporation ( freddie mac ) by the u. s. treasury in september 2008. it was one of the financial events among many in the ongoing subprime mortgage crisis. on september 6, 2008, the director of the federal housing finance agency ( fhfa ), james b. lockhart iii, announced his decision to place the two gses into a conservatorship run by the fhfa. [ 1 ] [ 3 ] [ 3 ] at the same press conference, united states treasury secretary henry paulson, stated that placing the two gses into conservatorship was a decision he fully supported, and that he advised " that conservatorship was the only form in which i would commit taxpayer money to the gses. " he further said that " i attribute the need for today's action primarily to the inherent conflict and flawed business model embedded in the corporate structure, and for the ongoing housing correction. " [ 1 ] < url > not mention fannie / freddie were in trouble only because bush and full gop directed them to get involved in the risky practices under the 2003 american downpayment act that irresposnibly eased all regulatory rules for homebuying by mac / freddie like controlling your income and not needing a downpayment, that led to the collapse. again repubs legislating intervention leading to economic shitshow. learn your history. even the uber conservative heritage foundation were outraged by this : that chance will arise when the government is asked to approve by unanimous consent the american dream downpayment act - - a bill that would require the u. s. taxpayers to provide < cur > 200 million per year to fund cash grants of as much as < cur > 10, 000 to individuals and families wanting to buy a house, but without subjecting themselves to the burden of having to save for the downpayment. - < url > and trump tax cuts just added more federal debt in one year than happened in 200 years... but if this is pretend play time then carry on! at the end of 1976, the public debt was < cur > 477. 4 billion, and the gross federal debt was just under < cur > 629 billion. so how does that compare to trump's record? the amount of public debt added in 2017 - - a year when trump was president for all but 20 days and when the republicans were in control of congress - - was < cur > 497. 8 billion, while the amount of gross federal debt added was < cur > 666. 3 billion. whichever variety of debt you use, the amount of debt added under republican control in 2017 was greater than the accumulated debt by the end of 1976, making scarborough's statement correct. < url > < url > < url >
------
> > it was stella's incorrect handling that caused some injury. it was not mcdonald's fault. > > jury found 20 % due to her negligence, 80 % because to mcdonald's. so it was 80 % mcdonald's fault. i know what the jury found. i'm saying they were wrong. " the jury foreman, jerry goens, said he " wasn't convinced as to why i needed to be there to settle any coffee spill. " juror roxanne bell said " i was just insulted. the whole thing sounded ridiculous to me. " juror betsy farnham said she also had thought that the suit was frivolous. but that was before they saw the gruesome photographs of charlie's charred skin.... " it was a classic'reaction to pity '. make the jurors, who up to that point were looking at the case carefully and logically, emotionally upset by showing them graphic pictures of the injuries. > during the case, liebeck's attorneys discovered how mcdonald's required franchisees to hold coffee at 180 - 190 degf ( 82 - 88 degc ). which is th ecorrect temperature. < url > > at 190 degf ( 88 degc ), the coffee would cause a third - degree burn in two to seven seconds. i really duno if that's true. according to < url >, water at 150 degrees will explode in 2 seconds. and water at 160 in. 5 seconds. so how can 190 take up to 7 seconds?? < url > says : hot water causes third degree burns...... in 1 second at 156o... in 2 seconds at 149o... in 5 seconds at 140o... in 15 seconds at 133o.... and doesn't match up, either. it's almost like people are making these numbers up. and, in any case, the claim that the coffee " would " cause burns is obviously not true - million of people drink it every day, and don't get angry. > mcdonald's claimed that the reason for serving such hot coffee in its drive - through windows was that those who purchased the coffee typically were commuters who wanted to drive a distance with the coffee ; the high initial temperature would keep the coffee hot during the trip. however, it came to light that mcdonald's had done research which indicated that customers intend to consume the coffee immediately while driving both can be true - some want to drink right away, and some want to wait. in addition, some like their coffee'hot ', and others like it'hot ', and some like it lukewarm. the only way to satisfy all these different groups is to serve it hot, and those who like it cooler can blow on it, or wait. > other documents obtained from mcdonald's showed that from 1982 to 1992 the company had received more than 700 reports of people burned by mcdonald's coffee to varying degrees of severity, mostly minor, actually : red skin ( like a sunburn ). no big deal. but the main problem with quoting this number is that people always leave out two important facts : 1 ) it was over 10 years, and 2 ) it was nationwide. > and had settled claims arising from scalding injuries for more than < cur > 500, 000 different cases, different circumstances.
------
depending on how they handle sylvari afterlives (so far we only saw displaced sylvari spirits in the domain of the lost, but that seemed to be because of balthazar's shenanigans disrupting the realms), we could see trahearne's spirit actually meeting and joining forces with glint. i imagine a tactical genius, scholar and fierce necromancer such as trahearne would be a nice asset in glint's great war campaign against kralkatorrik and actually give us and trahearne real closure instead of us just meeting caladbolg's dream version of trahearne who was close to the real deal but not quite the one and only big t. :)
we've been told in hall of chains raid that dhuum has been feasting on some souls for quite some time, and he apparently sent eaters of souls to different realms to gather magic for him, but with his sealing and the falls of the eaters there's no telling what might happen next. we saw gwen's spirit survive dhuum's onslaught, so theoretically other notable human spirits might've survived too, especially now that they're under new management (still unsure who leads fissure of woe with balthy being gone, though, but that might be explored in a future raid). and if dhuum never got to the other races' afterlives, we could theoretically meet any race's dead if anet deems it suitable for story.
some rifts between tyria's land of the living and the mists form when mass deaths occur in this or that region as apparently collective soul magic and suffering cause imbalance. we also had the curious artifact eternal flame in citadel of flame explorable which allowed the recently dead to return to life before we destroyed it and banished gaheron's spirit to the mists, so if any other such non-six gods artifacts (presumably) exist, who knows what shenanigans might occur. then there's the grenthian ritual as seen with alastia crow which allowed priests of grenth to summon a spirit to the land of the living for a while as well as attracting hostile mist entities with them.
as long as kralky keeps opening rifts all over the place, theoretically any spirit could try passing over and would successfully do so for a short while until the rifts are closed as seen with snaff and eir. if we go into the mists themselves, then a whole world of possibilities opens for us as we've seen long-gone figures like primevals still keep fighting there, and seeing spirits who have been gone for over a decade (like snaff) being just fine...not sure if glint pulled his spirit from the domain of the lost or the asuran afterlife, but apparently there's some way for spirits to appear even when most go to their designated afterlives which aren't in contact (as suggested by the bittersweet love story of the human and norn spirit who refused to move on in order to stay together in "the departing").
and yes, it would be nice to see the narrative designers expand on the afterlife and spirit concepts in tyrian lore if they feel ambitious enough to tackle such. it's one of the more mysterious parts of the lore and has continued to be so since the writings about lord odran and his involvement with ghosts. :)
------
>yeah women can 'window shop'. i could throw a rock and hit 3 guys that will take me out and sleep with me. but that's all they want. once they get sex they run away to the next one, and so on. so as hard as you claim it is for a guy to get a girl....it's equally hard for girls to find a guy that actually sticks around.
it's not "equally hard", stop trying to equate the two. the two experiences are completely different. women have and astronomically better chance of being successful in finding a relationship at any given time simply by playing the numbers game. guys don't have that ability and often have to prove themselves worthy and put the work in if they don't want to be alone. i mean, you even say it yourself. guys take you out, not the other way around.
>a majority of the guys i've dated over the past 2 years say they want a relationship. we have like 3 great dates, absolutely nothing goes wrong, but they break it off because they're not feeling 'it'. i'm sorry, if you're waiting for love at first sight you're going to be waiting a looong time, probably forever. because 99% of relationships don't work like that.
you do realize how entitled you sound here, right? no one owes you a relationship. these guys are giving you multiple dates to see if there's a fit. instead of blaming them and saying they're afraid of relationships, why not reflect on what you might be doing wrong to drive them away after a few dates? if it's happening multiple times, you're the only common denominator here. you seem to have this idea that you cannot be doing anything wrong at all, like the thought hasn't even crossed your mind once. if they're not feeling it, then they're not feeling it. they don't need to explain themselves or go further, and you need to move on and look for things you can improve on if this keeps happening.
>these guys just stay single, because they're too selfish to actually care about anyone but themselves and only want to do what's 'fun' for them, when they want to do it and not have to consult with another person. it's just immature. and when they keep that up until they die, then they're going to look back and realize that they basically just wasted their life.
holy shit do you sound bitter. what the fuck did someone do to you to make you this way? no wonder why guys are leaving you after a few dates, they can probably smell this attitude from a mile away. it's toxic as fuck. you do nothing but assume shit about people and blame them for your shortcomings. that's not an attractive quality.
>i mean, is it really something to be proud of to be on your death bed and be like "well i made no real, loving connection with any other human being, but i logged a million hours on video games/know all the side characters in anime/rode my motorcycle/worked on my car/etc."? if a guy is happy with that, then fine. but don't tell girls you want a relationship and give them false hope. and personally, i think that lifestyle is a waste and not really something to be proud of.
good for you, but any normal person would kindly tell you to fuck off and go mind your own business. you're angry about how other people want to live their life because you feel that's why you have no success, instead of looking inward and realizing it's your toxic personality that is causing that.
------
i can't take this anymore. i have to speak. since i was in 3rd grade i've always been heavily depressed. i've always been into making art and music but that died after the incident. ages 11-13, i was sexually abused by a male relative who shall never be named. i won't go into too much details but let's say this person meant the world to me until that point, and my mind was all over the place while it was all happening. i didn't have any resistance or strength to fight back, i'm a fairly small person on average and the rapist was twice my size. he kept the door shut and when i tried to run out to call for help he would just pull me back by my shirt vigorously then proceeded to strangle me. he told me he would stop if i just let him do what he wanted to do and i honestly thought i was going to die, but after going to high school when he went to college i could only wish i was. women weren't badly perceptive of me, they usually think i'm cute and want to talk but being heavily sexually repressed and damaged i lacked any sort of masculine certainty which drove them all away from me. it sucked, some even wanted to give me a harder time and just started spreading rumors that i would rape them. after counselors called me in i told them what happened and they asked if i had told my parents, which i didn't, because i genuinely believed that forgiveness was the answer because i was a christian pussy. anyways they forced me to open up to them, which only spiralled to hell. i had to drop out because all the teaches and staff found out and eventually as word kept spreading i couldn't sleep at night. i couldn't focus and i've never felt so empty in my entire life. i've turned to dealing and abusing drugs only to get arrested and serve probation for 6 months, which led me to reconnecting with old friends from before 3rd grade. it was awesome, i thought i found a place where i could be accepted and as they started to take research chemicals and xanax things just went to shit and i had to work at panera and jimmy john's as a delivery and inshop for 12 hours a day. mind you, these are guys who go to college. anyways i opened up about my situation to one of my friends because i genuinely thought he would stop being a dick to be but that only made matter worse. he would only use that to turn all my friends against me and they would just laugh me off when they stopped inviting me and just makes fun of how i'm stuck in the dark. it's fucked. i wanted to escape from the hell of being under the same roof as a predator and being put down by people i really cared about but they just vent fucking passive aggressive shit at me and just 3rd wheel me. so after working non-stop and cleaning people fucking toilets my stubs were growing so i managed to find rent. my housemates were kind until my car broke down and they started to collectively scheme me out. i was doing my best to help them out because my housemate would always tell me "if you see the dog outside or if the kids are giving him a hard time, please help him out, or else you'll be out!" so i was keen on taking care of the dog and children. before my car broke down i would always come home at 6 am with cookies and subs for the kids to eat, while the parents enjoyed using my rent money. the father and i would smoke dabs nightly, and talk about deep topics. it was 8 people with one bathroom, so it was really the real full house! anyways the daughter and son were playing fortnite and the daughter was suffocating the dog under the blanket. i caught that in a split and told them to stop but they wouldn't. so i just walked over, lifted the blanket from the front without looking inside, and the dog stopped barking, quickly jumped out, and just smiled at us then went over to his water dish. all was well except for the fact that i needed to find a new car so i wouldn't lose my job. the daughter kept asking me when she would give her cookies and i kept telling her no cookies because my car isn't starting. she started to treat me differently after that, she would just pick on me with her brother and when i wanted to be bright and optimistic she would just go back to her room in disappointment. once i called someone for a car with a reasonable price, i went out for a few days to get everything sorted, but the father (who isn't the real dad by the way) gave me texts telling me to leave because the daughter thought i was planning to rape her, because i lifted the covers to look inside. what the fuck? first of all, i am not attracted and have no reason to sleep nor check her out. secondly, i'd give worse credit for the parents to believing such bs. i've worked with them for many years and they know better than this. even when i opened up to the father about my past he just said that's exactly why i'm going to rape her and i was like what the fuck man, you don't see sandy hook victims shooting up other schools? that's not how this works. i've felt nothing but pain and suffering from it and i know that pain shall never be passed on to someone else. so i lectured them some more, told them to go fuck themselves, then managed to find another apartment. for the time being, i honestly don't know what the fuck to thing at that point. is god fucking with my life? is my life supposed to be hell? i keep blaming myself for not standing up but i've always been focused on other people rather than myself. i feel weak and all these events only made me feel weaker, why do these people i meet always tell me everything will be okay, and they proceed to make my life worse? why can't i find people who understand me and have went through similar events to grow stronger together? news came up a month later that my grandmother had a broken hip, breast cancer, and other sicknesses that needed to be monitored and recovered so after opening up to her, she understood, she has been through toxic relationships herself but much like me, we just sit and think about it. what should we do to fix it? why do these things happen to us? are things we share but knowing this we were able to sign for a lease for a home together and live an isolated, but questionably miserable life. now that i'm in a place where toxic people can't interfere with me, what do i do to fix me? i feel nothing but physically and mentally damaged from my life and when i want to pursue music and arts, i just feel every negative feeling at once, it's destroying me inside. i have dying family, what will be left of me? what am i here to do anyways? even if i know what to do, i just feel pain. i just want to be young and careless before 3rd grade and beyond, why am i even brought into this world? just to be abused?
------
i disagree on them just needing to respond here. they were naive to replace as many systems that had small flaws but worked with a new system that has major flaws and doesn't work. azerite gear effectively replaces the following : * legendaires * artifacts * netherlight crucible * tier the system itself is extremely similar to netherlight crucible in that one of the traits is 5 item levels and the traits are gated behind every artifact level. the traits also change from boring / not impactful for some classes ( protection warrior ) to ridiculously overpowered for other classes ( monk ). the issue to this is that a ) it fails to effectively replace those systems and the value they added and b ) it has most of the downsides of the two worst systems from those 4, specifically legendaries and netherlight crucible. legendaries were mainly flawed in how you obtained them because initially they were given out randomly. however there was a set number of them and replaying content would increase your odds of getting one. almost every spec had at least one that was rotation / gameplay altering as well. blizzard later patched them to make them targetable thus addressing the top issue with them. artifacts while not being interesting decision wise were actually really nice from the power - gain aspect from the game. every level you got to look forward to a new talent ( even if you knew what one you were taking ) and a flat stam gain along with damage if you were a tank / healer. this meant every level you got a little stronger, which is important when the world scales. without this mechanic we have a world like bfa where all content has forever to kill and artifact levels in the new artifact hoa ( heart of azeroth ) are much less rewarding. lastly the key drawback which is addressed by the hoa is spec - dependence. artifacts had one per spec which gave people with less time less freedom to play offpsecs. hoa has this issue but not the others. also there was a slew of content surrounding artifacts that is flat out missing from the game. each artifact from every spec had an unlock scenario, lore behind them, unique traits, and custom objects / unlockables. these was entirely gone from bfa, and these systems actually provided further replayability ( beat all dungeons with the new skin you got to get a new color variant ) and goals to work towards long term ( pvp level 15 for the final pvp skin color ). these systems all together made player attachment to the artifact actually really high. it had so much going for it with lore / story / grinding / unlockables / power - gains that just isn't there with hoa. the hoa unlock quest was the exact same for every class / spec and it was extremely boring / quick. hoa levels are also extremely unrewarding and it doesn't have any type of content system to achieve like hidden skins or mage tower. netherlight crucible was arguable the most boring and basic system provided in legion. it didn't impact gameplay whatsoever and it was gated behind artifact levels. the funny part is this system is nearly identical to the azerite system in terms of mechanics, which is sad because the artifact system was the actual crown jewel of legion and blizzard decided to toss it. it offered limited choices and a 5 item level boost. tier was a mixed bag. it gave every class a class - specific themed set which was nice but the big issue was new content tier was typically not worth using until you had the 2 or 4 piece set ( or sometimes never worth using ). balancing the bonus was hard for blizzard and they never nailed it in legion. these are the stated reasons for removing tier. however there are some damning drawbacks to doing this. demon hunters who have nearly no class themed sets are completely screwed. overall the armor variants provided in bfa ( which blizzard said would be more varied with more sets ) are dramatically less than legion. the uldir armor sets are extremely plain and there are now only 4 of them compared to 112 per raid in legion. lastly the hoa fails to provide a similar set bonus type mechanic. the systems that made legions replayable and grindable in a fun / meaningful way are gone and we're left with the worst of the two bad systems ( legendaries / netherlight crucible ). in conjunction with overall lacking content ( no profession quests, no fishing artifact, first aid quests and profession removed, no order hall, diminished garrison system with 2 garrisons compared to 12 from legion, diminished rewards from garrison missions and a shallow garrison system, no pvp world quests, intentionally removing group finder from world quests to increase the grind, island expeditions / warfronts being extremely shallow are why bfa feels bad to play. the 4 systems listed above act as multipliers for content, each one changing / improving the same content you'd normally play through by adding replayability factors and those have been dramatically reduced to next to nothing. then the amount of content we have is lesser. then the two new big systems fall flat on their face. this is why bfa is failing. blizzard really should have taken an evolution of legion approach with conservative changes that were more incremental. instead they threw the baby out with the bath water, taking existing systems like m + / world quests and making them either the same or a bit worse ( more grindy ), while throwing out the key systems that made legion an amazing expansion.
------
do you have a source on any of that?
>well first of all he has brought businesses back into the states by giving them incentives to do so bringing more jobs to people while cutting down on child labor in countries like china
what businesses has he brought back? are you talking about those carrier jobs that trump made a big deal about saving when he was first elected? [those are gone now. he didn't actually save them.](<url>)
>secondly repealing obama care, whilst i think we should have some form of free healthcare obamacare was flawed
first, a big clarification: [trump hasn't repealed obamacare.](<url>) he eliminated the individual mandate, which has dealt a blow to the affordable care act, but it's still very much alive.
>and the repeal is projected to increase gdp
according to what numbers? everything i've read suggests that a total repeal of obamacare (which, just to remind you, has not yet happened) would cost about [<cur>350 billion](<url>) over the course of 10 years--and that's according to both a congressional budget office report and a report from the committee for a responsible federal budget. totally eliminating obamacare without an alternative--which seems to be the republicans' strategy--would be disastrous.
>and if you look at the numbers gdp has gone up and unemployment has gone down
[funny that you mention that](<url>). it's true that the gdp had a good last quarter under trump. however, it wasn't like obama didn't have similarly good quarters. [obama had 4 quarters of higher gdp growth and several quarters in which growth was roughly the same](<url>). also, you have to consider that [almost 20% of that growth last quarter was due to the tax cuts](<url>). that means that it was a one-time thing only. and even worse, those tax cuts, which gave us a temporary gpd bump, are expected to [more than double the federal deficit](<url>) by next year. as far as unemployment goes? [it's at the same rate as it was under obama](<url>). trump didn't turn anything around; he just kept the rate the same as it had been. even further, [wage growth has stagnated under trump, whereas they had been going up under obama](<url>). so even though unemployment is going down at the same rate, wages aren't looking too hot.
i get that you want the guy to succeed. i think that america is the greatest, most powerful country in the world, and i want it to continue to be that way. but you have to understand that when trump or his allies make a bunch of bold claims about how great he's doing, *he's lying to you.* the guy lies about everything--even small, insignificant things like the size of his inauguration crowd. what makes you think that he wouldn't also lie to you about this kind of stuff? that's why everyone in the video is laughing at him: because they know he's a liar, and they're not afraid to let him know it.
------
the day before my parents went off to bora bora, they told my brother and i not to invite two of our closest friends over because when we got together we always got into some kind of trouble. being the good girl that we were we promised them we would not invite our friends over. this was really the first time that my parents had left my brother and i alone at the house for more than a few days so they really had to put their faith in us. after several days of them being gone, i suddenly realized that they would have no clue if my friends came over while they were on such a remote island. i didn't have to tell them anything. while my brother was at work and i texted my friends and told them to come over to our house to wait for my brother to come home so that we could all do something together. i was halfway through the dark knight when my friends came over so we tried to finish that while we waited for my brother. my brother ended up getting a longer shift so in our boredom we decided we wanted to prank him when he got home. my friend suggested that we move everything in this room two inches to the left to see if that would mess with him. i then got the bright idea that not we should we do that, but we should move everything in the house two inches to the left. after one room of this prank, she decided it was lame so i came up with another idea. i told them, " what if we flipped over everything in the house and made it look like the house got broken into so that my brother freaks out when he comes home. " so we did just that. he turned over couches, beds, and chairs. we broke light bulbs on the ground. we even took all of the valuable items in the house and placed them in my truck and then drove it around his block. honestly if we were trying to make a movie set of a house that got broken in to, we nailed it. i opened the garage half way to make it seem like someone had gotten in that way. i then turned off all of the lights and got out a super bright flashlight. i called my brother and told her that i would be staying with some family friends that night so he would have to hold down the light himself. my plan was, because my bother opened the door i would shine my flashlight in his eyes and then would run out of the garage and he would see all of the damage in the house and freak out for a minute. then i would tell him it was all a joke. that is not what happened. when my brother got home, he called me and asked me if i had left the garage door open. i told him maybe and that he should just shut it when he got inside. he got pretty spooked by the entire house being completely dark and did not go in right away like i thought he would. then i accidentally turned on the flash light and he saw it. the moment he saw that he called the police and told them our house was being robbed. i called him and told him it was just a prank. he said he had already called the police. i said, " well un - call them! " but it was too late. my brother came in the house and we decided to clean the house up before they came so it looked like we were not robbing the place. we knew we were hosed when we saw the blue and red lights in front of our driveway. the officers came up to the door and knocked super loudly and said to come out with our hands up. we obeyed and then they told us to get on our knees in the front lawn. they told us that the guns they were pointing at us were loaded and that if we moved we would be shot. i was so scared that they would count the uncontrollable shaking of my body as moving. i told them, " it was all a prank officer! " and he yelled back, " i don't give a fuck! ". he questioned us for about fifteen minutes with the gun on us while his partner searched the house. after awhile our neighbor came outside and screamed, " no don't shoot those boys! they are good kids! " they questioned her for awhile and finally told us that we were the stupidest fucking kids alive and that they never wanted to come back to our house again. we thanked our neighbor for saving us and then went back to " sleep ". which really meant we were questioning every decision we have ever made. definitely one of the dumbest things i have done in my life. tl ; dr - tried to play a prank on my brother by making it seem like their were thieves in my house when he got home from work. we flipped over everything in the house and took all of the valuable stuff in it. the cops were called and they put us on our knees in the front lawn and pointed guns at us for over fifteen minutes. our neighbor came to save us. we realized we were the dumbest fucking kids alive. edits : 1. because this question has been asked alot : yes my parents found out. we held off from telling them but eventually my neighbor told them. we obviously got in some pretty bad trouble but my parents could see how shaken up we were and we didnt die so they were not ruthless to us. 2. i have seen that my writing is kind of confusing and makes it seem like my friends disappeared. for clarification it was me, my two friends, and my brother on the front lawn.
------
i'm not the dude you were replying to, but i'll give my point of view. i think viewing violence by weapon seems rather useless to begin with. " gun violence " tells us that exactly? 33, 000 deaths to gun violence a year doesn't mean much when it's a lump sum of accidents, homicides, and suicides. it's a rather useless statistic unless you only want to eliminate gun violence, and don't really say if it becomes another type of violence or not afterwards. and i'd say the same if you replaced it with any other weapon : knife, bomb, whatever. to me lumping all that into gun violence just sounds like an excuse ( i don't think it's a conscious decision on most peoples part ) to give an easy solution that seems logical. all gun violence involves a gun, so without guns there can't be gun violence. it's a good solution if you stop there, but the important question is what happens next? i don't think there's any single issue that starts at, and unfortunately it'll need a lot more research into the different topics to really start making an impact, but i think the best option is to split the different acts of violence up and tackle each separately. they need more research on leading causes like suicide, and then tackle was to reduce that. research on leading causes of gang violence, and then tackle was to reduce that. domestic violence, is another one. mass murder needs more research as a whole instead of mass shootings specifically. there's more ways we could split it up further and continue to tackle individually, and i think that will be our best solution to finding a true answer. some of them have some more obvious solutions that'll at least help in each area, like better mental healthcare including better access to help reduce suicides, ending the war on drugs and creating safer access and options for recovery in order to reduce violence related gang activity. one of the biggest factors that drive homicide rates is income inequality ( more so than access to guns ), so working to give people a better chance of success out of school, as well as working towards more livable wages so people don't end up turning towards a life of crime that can lead to homicides. and with more research we could find many more solutions to these different types of crimes. i want to see this insane focus on guns come to an end. and because i want to pretend it's not the problem and sweep it under the rug, but because i want us to look at the bigger picture and look towards that. i don't think gun control will be the best solution when looked at from that perspective, but if there's good research from the mindset of trying to prevent the people from wanting to kill themselves or others to begin with, and it's shown guns play a significant part in leading to that than i'll accept gun control as at least part of the solution. i think in the long run it'd save more lives than gun control, also saving the lives of would be murderers, and in some ways improving the lives of millions of americans whether they would have been on either end of the violence or not. i think it's a more rational way to view the problem and research solutions that will either give better proof that guns are the problem and gun control is the solution, find a mixture of gun control and other changes as the best solution, or find no further gun control as the answer and just focus on other solutions. i think it'll give us better answers than how we've currently been going about everything, which is a win in my book no matter the results of the research. that's just my two cents on the topic.
------
this is such a silly thing to be bothered by but i've had a full on panic episode over this, to the point that i was shaking violently and sobbing. i'm finally in a calmer state where i can think but my heart won't stop racing and it's keeping me from sleeping.
basically what happened was, i (23 f) was sitting in the living room alone playing video games, and i noticed my boyfriend left his phone in the room with me (he was in his office) i felt nosy and just simply tapped his home button just to see what notifications he had, since he left it in the room for a while i wanted to see if he missed any calls or texts that he'd need to respond to. we often read texts or answer calls on each others phones of the other is out of the room, driving etc. anyways, i see an instagram post notification of a really attractive girl doing the "ahegao" face. my insecurities went crazy at that moment and i decided to look up this instagram on my own account, of course it's private, but with the help of google i end up finding out the kinds of content she posts and i was crushed.
it's all very hyper sexualized photos of herself, like blatant photos of her ass, thighs, chest, bare stomach, etc. and very very cutesy "daddy/i'm a bad girl" shit. basically she looks like what i wish i were, this all makes me feel like a cheap discount version of what he finds attractive.
annnnnnd i didn't stop there, i if course had to see what else he was following, and of course i found more accounts just like this one, if not even more sexualized. he doesn't follow that many accounts, it's maybe about half real people he knows/people he looks up to, and half sexy alternative girls/erotic cosplayers.
this really pisses me off because he's always telling me how he doesn't need to watch porn because he has me, etc etc- and i don't even have a problem with porn, he's told me this on his own. for whatever reason, this feels so much worse than porn to me. the fact that these girls are so much more accessible, he's able to interact with them if he wants to. (i haven't seen if he has, i didn't want to dive that deep, i also don't have my own insta account) these girls aren't pornstars or anything, it's just normal hot girls our age posting raunchy photos of their ass in thigh high stockings.
there's also the fact that he almost never gets instagram notifications, so it leads me to believe he's got it set up to where he only gets notified for accounts he wants to see, so he's onkt getting notified when he's got spank material.
we just moved into an apartment together about a month ago and we work opposite schedules so i hardly see him, and when we are home at the same time he's isually gaming with friends so i usually spend my nights alone, he'll usually check up on me while he takes breaks between games but i go to bed alone most nights. this whole ordeal has totally killed my self esteem even more than it had before, i've been feeling really bad about my own self image for a while now and this kicked me in the gut.
i've kind of brought this up before casually a while back since i noticed he followed one of these accounts on twitter by just saying, "why do you follow so many boobie accounts" jokingly and he got kind of mad so i dropped it.
i know it's normal for guys to follow insta models, but this really really bugs me. i have no idea how to bring this up without sounding like i'm attacking him. thanks for your help!
------
only because nobody understands the situation at the top of the pyramid. what authority or playbook is there that determines how big banks ought to run? who actually has expertise and understanding for how it should work? it's very difficult to make laws that target niche situations that are only directly applicable to the 0. 01 % of the population because what they do is so extreme that it defies generalization when you get down to it. unless we understand the specific circumstance for money laundering in this case, and the loopholes or methods that were used to do it, we will have a hard time forming any reasonable laws against it. furthermore, countries have to work together to prevent international money laundering. like you think the us is corrupt, but if the us was to start being extra harsh on the super rich, there's no reason why billionaires can't fly a private jet to any other continent for countries that are willing to accept a level of corruption for a small influx of wealth from a billionaire. this is, i think, greater than the u. s. prevention of large scale corruption is probably greater than a single country because of the leverage rich people have in being able to manage their affairs on an international level. even if panama papers exposed the levels of corruption, we actually have to work together for anything to be done about it. try telling saudi arabia, as the worst example, that they need to be less greedy. but you think the locus of corruption is the fucking states? give me a break. at least many there have the fucking chance to get rich and aren't starving to death like a venezuelan. my point is, i hate seeing empty complaints. they make me lose hope and require low effort. also what does rape and child rape have to do with a rich / poor divide? clearly the reason these crimes go underpunished is due to the intensely personal dimension of the crime. violating someone sexually is much harder to pinpoint and nail down than stealing a physical object from them. if we wanted to, we could prosecute such crimes with greater severity and frequency but then we would be sitting around making your same arguments that the corrupt and rich legal system wrongfully convicts the poor of heinous crimes without enough proof. anyways, your very point, that rich people can do a lot of damage and hurt is a basic consequence of the leverage that comes with having so much. in that kind of situation, you either have and be saint - like, like bill gates, or else if you continue to make risks and investments you are nearly guaranteed to fuck people over and overturn the lives of people as easily as turning over a chessboard even if you have good intentions. obviously when you have a top level position, every action, ever word you say to the press or on social media can cause a national scandal if you aren't careful. these people live behind veils because of the barbarity of poor people who do not react reasonably or with an understanding of what a common person would do in the position of the super rich. nothing is done solely for x or y. maybe you exist solely to complain though?
------
just the difference between days and nights creates two different working environments. dividing the work groups even further allows for more opportunities of miscommunication. in just about every workplace, "safety" thrown around a lot. to me it gets overused but loses its meaning after a while because it gets misunderstood. every time i see or hear the word i replace it with "communication" because that's what it is... a cone communicates a hazard, an email or procedure communicates intent, purpose and potential hazards and mitigations... or so it should. i see the frustration with projecting the image or illusion of safety and feeling that it's hypocritical. there's a lot of fancy posters but that means nothing when people are getting hurt and hiding it because they don't want to upset their safety record. and that's where it has to get down to understanding limitations. if a workforce of 400 has one "safety guy", maybe that guy isn't the guy we should be going to. that person is only capable of so much. one person trying to help 400 is like trying to drink water out of a fire hydrant. and that's also how it feels one-on-one, going into a conversation to try and fix a "disgruntled" person. so, i try to look at a person as a subject matter expert in their own life that's willing to give me first-hand knowledge, listen, and then connect them with a closer resource, like an immediate supervisor or head of a workgroup. there's likely to be more of an understanding than to try and recreate a scenario to someone who isn't familiar with the "way things get done" vs "the way we're supposed to be doing it". that supervisor should be taking those things to their peers, working collectively, and then bringing it to their leader... but when it doesn't happen, that's where we get frustrated and lose trust.
and that's where i chose to try a different approach. i joined an employee-led safety committee. no special perks, no extra pay, no red hat. just the ability to sit in a room and bypass all the levels above me, straight to the top. at first i was nervous, then i became confident. i brought all the issues to it and laid them out there, but it was ineffective because all i was doing was bringing low level issues to high level people. i wasn't connecting a concern with the department responsible. the best takeaway from it was after i "saw the man behind the curtain" i saw where the communication stopped, and i spent time understanding who was responsible for what, and connecting the issues with the right people through email or electronic write ups. digital "paper trails" go a long way-- they're a receipt and a reminder that anyone involved can go back to if they're unclear and a way to follow up. and they're an effective form of communication that show you're listening and making the attempt to do something about it. i usually include the person with the concern, a direct supervisor and the person who may be able to resolve the issue. having three or more people seems to get more effective replies and often, those two may continue the conversation to work the issue.
------
i never said it hasn't been an issue before. it's merely the hot topic currently because of the recent allegations and new data. so yes, it is a current, hot - button topic. i twisted nothing to fit my view. you clearly need to reread the comment chain. the topic was left handed versus right handed learning and which religion was the one who presented it in such a way. which is where the religion was announced. so you're gonna need to pay attention if your wanna come back about it being on or off topic. and this guy brings up the molestation issue. which absolutely is an issue. but do you go to a group meant for people to question and learn about assault and battery only to pipe up and say " yeah this is bad, but at least your aggressor didn't rape jesus ". what kind of back handed joke is that? i've met more people than catholics who raise their children in the faith. and i'haven met plenty of people who were forced into school until they were old enough to decide. while it's extreme to force a child to go to mass of any kind, it'm not wrong to raise one by your beliefs. that's literally what it means to be a parent. again, extreme circumstance exists. but it is not wrong to raise your child in your faith until you think that's correct. what's incorrect is forcing them to be having negative repercussions if they don't follow. my children will be raised catholic. when they're able to decide what they want they will be free to make that decision. i may not like it, but it won't make them any less my children. policies against gays? name one. they don't exist in catholicism. there's no " if you're gay follow these commandments instead ". we are all under the same rules. there's no difference. more specifics on integration into government would be nice. do you mean specifically in the us? the vatican? i'm unsure what you're stance here is. the only people i see cherry picking verses are the ones who don't understand them. one bad apple doesn't represent the faith as a whole. the church is a hospital for sinners. that means we're bound to misunderstand and be wrong. and the negative always spreads faster than the positive. if you have examples of cherry picking, by all means i'd love to hear them. there's no belief anyone is better than anyone else from practicing catholics. we're all children of god. we are all equal in dignity. where have we lent credence to violence? if it's about the crusades, well, the 4th one was awful. but the other ones, i'd suggest some more research on them if that's what you're getting at. unfortunately there are clergy abusing their power. and the higher ups are protecting these people for some reason. it's unbeknownst to us lay people. we are not responsible for their actions. and just because they might be in the wrong does not invalidate the faith. reminds me of napoleon mentioning how he would singlehandedly take down the catholic church. and the cardinals laughed because they knew the truth. the church has been trying to destroy itself from the inside out for centuries. hasn't happened yet. just because the higher ups are doing awful things doesn't mean the faith itself is incorrect or leading to evil. it's just those specific people that are evil. you're going to have to reread the comment chain. you clearly missed the first comment that started everything where i go with " catholic here " and confirm the left handed versus right handed issue. which was the original topic. so there is the topic. it didn't magically appear halfway in this comment chain. it's the original comment that sparked everything after about the abuse topic, because the next guy decided to stray off topic with a rather poor joke. again, it's brought up because it's the parent comment that sparked this whole branch. so you need to pay attention. you're the one ignoring the entire picture and twisting things to fit * your * view. as far as dirty laundry ; i'm not hiding anything. what those priests have done is awful. there's no denying that. there's no covering it up. and again. i'm all for bishop barron's plan of having a vatican sponsored, lay - led investigation of why this happened. get to the bottom of it. as well as to do our best to ensure it doesn't happen again. people can bring it up anytime ; in an appropriate discussion forum. abuse is a sensitive topic. especially survivors of it. you don't walk around talking about rape in the open ; or making jokes about it to people without knowing their backstory. nor murder. so why traipse around so freely about sexual abuse? that's the real issue here. a well formulated discussion is never unwelcome. immature jokes out of the blue about sensitive topics don't ever fly well.
------
personally, from what i understand, even if it's true, i think that it might be okay to confirm him. from the story i read:
1. we shouldn't necessary assume that that's a reflection of his adult judgement since he was underage and very drunk
2. we could believe that he doesn't remember the incident since he was very drunk
i think the main scandal comes from (1) if this is a pattern of behavior or (2) if there is evidence that he did remember and tried to cover it up.
all i'm in favor of is letting people charged with voting to confirm him or not investigate him to the extent they feel necessary to make a good judgement rather than shaming them for doing so. i'm not presupposing what they'll find or where they should look. i would expect that many would choose to question him and her and then reach out to some third parties to see whether any aspects could be corroborated and that would ultimately inform their idea of how likely they think it is that something happened.
i don't think an fbi response would necessarily be relevant since they're answering a very different questions that involves criminal burden of proof, statutes of limitations, the wording of laws, etc. a hiring committee (in this case, congress) is looking for how likely something is and how it reflects on whatever they care about. a hiring committee does not have to meet a specific level of certainty nor do they only have to count illegal actions against a candidate. they're just trying to choose the best candidate. if they have candidate a with a 10% chance of having done something really unethical, candidate b with a 49% chance of just not getting along with colleagues and candidate c with a 20% chance that the skills at their prior job don't translate as well to this job as they're trying to say... the employer doesn't just say "well these are all more likely not to have happened and none of them are illegal so we'll ignore these concerns". no, they weigh the severity of those things against the chance of them being true. they may try to improve their knowledge of them by doing a follow-up interview. and then they have to decide in a way that comes out of that subjective information who they want to take a chance on for the best odds of success. same goes here. it's not weird or abnormal to count maybes against a person when deciding whether to hire or confirm them. we should just encourage the people that want to be most informed (by asking questions, debating, etc.) and discourage those who blindly insist that the maybe should be treated as a yes or no regardless of follow-up.
------
> okay, actually thought i was done but this was actually illuminating, so i don't think we've yet hit the impasse which i originally perceived. i'm enjoying this. nice. > here's caltech theoretical physicist sean carroll with a long but fascinating talk on this among other related subjects. i really like sean carroll. haven't heard this talk before, but i know him from many other places. thanks, this was inspiring. but i still have some issues with that regarding this topic. i know carroll does not like metaphysics, but this important. first causality could be still fundamental. we could still say, laws of matter doesn't fundemantal but emergent out of the behavior of the fundamental particles or wave functions and whatever. we could still say that particles cause each other to behave in a way and we describe it as a law. the other way, which i find very intriguing, says that our particles just behave according to the laws of physics. they don't cause each other. we cannot find any direction of causality. they just act in that way, because of the laws of physics. but there's still in elephant in the room. in that view, the laws of physics cause the particles to behave in a certain way. you still have causality. causality is still fundamental. and although this is not the point of the debate, i'd like you add, that this is also a pretty good argument for the existence of god. the laws of physic are everywhere in the universe ( omnipresent ), outside of time and space, the control every particle in the universe ( omnipotent ) and there are some good arguments that they are finely - tuned ( intentional ). just wanted to put that out there. but back to the actual point. you still have fundamental causality. you cannot escape that, because this very science of explaining requires causes. this is what science does, just as our everyday knowledge. > do you not believe that an objective reality really exists within which people may interact? this was not about what i believe. i just wanted to show that you can have a worldview, which is not contradicted by your thought experiment by any way, that still allows free will. and i think there are many idealist worldviews that would do that. the pragmatist one, that i showed you, has almost no axioms. and it was completely compatable with science and also everyday life. but also with religion and spirituality. this is not exactly what i would belief. i personally belief in an objective reality. but still i'm an idealist. i don't think that matter, time or anything could exist outside of consciousness. because no one has ever experienced or seen that. > the moment you acknowledge the necessity of acting as though objective reality exists, you validate the axioms of the thought experiment. the thought experiment is not contingent on consciousness emerging from matter. it is only contingent on a shared, objective context which we can empirically observe. it seems to me that even idealism acknowledges this shared context, unless you want to devolve into a vegetative state of solipsistic inaction. the described worldview does not see objective reality as a necessity, but as helpful. it might be helpful, sometimes to assume not a completly objective reality. ( which you could give other good arguments for, because every analysis of reality is filtered through meaningful interpretation. but this is another topic. ) and still your thought experiment fails at option 3. you don't have to subscribe to probabalism or pure randomness. you could still have selfdetermined things, that appear from the outside as probabilistic or random. i have not yet seen where you have proven that this cannot be the case. when you try to describe everything with laws, of course you cannot have free will. free is the opposite of law. free will is something that by definition cannot be further explained or examined. but is it impossible for something to exist, that we can only broadly understand and never examine? that does not mean that free will violates the laws of physics or is not in harmony with them. it could be just a part of the universe that we only can have access to, by our own expirience of it. it's the same with consciousness. have you ever seen it in the universe? but nobody would deny that it exists.
------
* raids / instances = the closest you'll get to this is going to be rifts / grifts, which is basically just a series of floors will clear out to fill a meter that summons a boss. there's also ubers, which are " harder " versions of bosses you've faced before, but it's literally just a portal that sends you to fight two of these at a time. you can have a party of up to 4 players. * pvp = we don't speak of such things. hahah, but nah, it was a huge thing in d2. it was promised and delayed and promised and delayed and never spoken of again for d3. you can go to act two and in the next most ( south west ) corner of the town near where your horadric cube is ( or will be ) to talk to a barbarian that will be you'brawl'against other player characters. no one does this, and i'm sure most players don't even know magic exists. pvp in d3, much like in d2, is just about who gets the first hit. your characters get so powerful that they'll all one - shot each other. they never addressed this, though there are youtube videos of some russian guys that made a variant that looked pretty neat and scaled skills appropriately. * open - world = no, it doesn't need that. each game will be a little world unto itself containing acts 1 - 5. the maps is generated on a tile - based system, so they't very familiar but things aren't always in the same place in each play through. having said that, act 1 is always new tristram, act 2 is always the caldeum desert, and so on. the waypoints are always in the same spots, but the tiles in each waypoint get shifted around. * reaper of souls? = hmmm, this is a bit of a tricky one to answer. is it necessary? i don't think so, however, i will say that your experience will be vastly improved. personally, i'd say definitely get reaper of souls, but maybe don't buy the rise of the necromancer pack unless you are a few weeks in, still really enjoy the game, and wanna check out the necro. quick note, rise of the necromancer just adds the necromancer class and necromancer and . reaper of souls adds levels 61 - 70 and all the maps / content that are for those levels. and a final note, d3 was moved to blizzard classics about a year ago, so there likely won't be any major updates going forwards. as much as i love the game, the population has definitely dwindled over the years. there's always a spike of returning and new players at the start of each season, but that spike only lasts for about a week and then the player population dies back down. the game isn't dead, but you'll get most of the " community " aspect around the start ( and maybe end ) of the ladder seasons. season 15 just started this past friday and will likely run for a few months. definitely see what others have to say, as i'm just giving you my opinion, but i love the game and have been playing it since closed - beta. : d
------
part of the class fantasy of warrior is slogging through it all. for me, the class/power-fantasy of the warrior is pretty well summed up in this poem.
"i am the warrior.
when you see me, i will, most likely, not be attired formally. i will be encased in my steel. it will be dirty, bloody, and battered. i do not have a quick tongue or eloquent speech. i know nothing of the manners of the king's court, or the ettiquette of the formal ball.
i am known by many names. tank. meatshield. fighter. brawler. corpse.
i am the warrior.
i have not the capability, nor the inclination, to hide. i cannot strike from stealth with devastating blows, then fade into the darkness. i cannot incinerate a foe from twenty paces away. i cannot deal death from a distance, safe from the return attacks of my enemy. in order to kill, i must close with the enemy. i see his eyes. i smell his breath. i taste his fear. and he tastes mine.
i cannot bend nature to do my bidding. i cannot tap into the nether and force it to do what i command. i cannot study the arcane and master it to my control. i command nought but my mind, my body, and my will. it is by those, and those alone, that i stand or fall.
i have no friends on my journey. no walkers of the void, summoned from the nether as servants and bodyguards. no loyal beasts of the plains or woods, to defend me and comfort me in my pain. my sole companion is my weapon. i must care for it better than any hunter has ever cared for his beast. i must master it more than any warlock has ever mastered his demon. without me, it is useless. without it, i am nothing.
i cannot heal. i cannot shield. i cannot call upon the gods and see my prayers answered. i call to the spirits of my ancestors in the heat of battle, and they are silent. my only ability to protect is to offer myself, my blood and bone and sinew, as a sacrifice. to draw the attacks of our foes. to take the blows that would kill a lesser being, and continue to fight on.
i cannot kill with the speed and grace of the rogue, the suddenness and shock of the hunter, or the flamboyance and power of the mage. when i kill, it is a slow business. slow and bloody for all concerned, myself included. i fight on, pummeled and battered so that my companions may receive the glory of the kill and the wreaths of victory. if i die and they yet live, it is an expected sacrifice.
i come in all races, all sizes. i fight under a thousand flags, on a million battlefields. i am dismissed by the highborn, scorned by the noble, lectured by the priest, and forgotten by the peasant. until the time when the trumpets of battle sound, and those who would destroy them come forth. and then the cry goes up..."where, oh where, is the warrior?"
pray to your gods that i continue to answer that call.
few do answer the call. fewer still survive. it is a long and hard road, this way of the warrior. along it lie pain, and fear, and death. scant rewards and scanter gratitude. at the end, for most, is an anonymous grave on some windblown battlefield. if they are lucky.
and yet, i fight on. i do not even know why. perhaps for glory, perhaps for fame, perhaps for money, perhaps for my country, perhaps for my family. perhaps it is simply all i know how to do. but fight i will. whether you appreciate it or not. whether you even notice it or not. i will be out there, on the battle lines. fighting. killing. dying.
i am the warrior.
death is my business.
be it yours...or mine. "
honestly i just wanted an excuse to post that again.
------
this is a great question. i have had this exact experience you describe - - a community of people in a libertarian facebook group who were initially very supportive of my story ultimately became rather cruel in how they reacted to me talking about he, because, they said, augustus was just a " silly goth larper " who i am enabling by taking so badly. it's hard to say whether dismissal is helpful or not as a rule. i think the question needs to be more specific - - what type of dismissal, of which specific groups, in what context? i obviously believe that completely dismissing augustus is not wise. i feel that many of these men will fade away when ignored, but these are a ticking time bomb. if i had to guess, i'd group augustus in the latter category. immediately after i learned he was a fascist, i entertained the idea of trying to validate him and engage him further in conversation to try to change his views, but i realized that was futile pretty quickly. i do think there's a connection between sexual frustration and joining this type of group. men are taught that their prowess with women is one of the fundamental determinants of their worth as a man, yet we live in a world where 1 ) it's often pretty hard for men to find intimacy even if they try, and also 2 ) men are told that they are only allowed to want sex, not emotional intimacy and vulnerability. this sets them up for failure, that not lots of women really want to be with some completely emotionally illiterate man. when you join a fringe group like this, you are able to derive your sense of masculinity from other sources than the approval of women - - especially since these groups tend to diminish women's agency, creating a sort of world where the man can act as he likes completely regardless of the thoughts or opinions of women around him. i have definitely had sex work clients who fit the reactionary and / or incel stereotype. sometimes they are extremely hateful towards me, and act like i am a predator who pushes men to give me money. anyway, unfortunately, it's not that harsh. when i sense a client is sort of on the fringes of society and genuinely has a serious lack of social skills, i try my best to validate their emotions without either endorsing any pathological views they might have, or hurting them by making it too obvious that they are emotionally vulnerable. i often get to successfully challenge some of their attitudes about gender and sexuality in the conversations i have with them, especially if they become regular customers. it's a fun part of my job. i hope that makes sense!
------
we're on very, very different pages here, so i think this is going to be my last response for this particular thread. i foresee this devolving into "nuh uh" "nuh uh" exchanges from here, and that's never productive. so i'll just make my final statements and let you respond or leave it as you please.
> indeterminism in this context means selfdetermined. maybe that's is the better word for you to understand it.
i understand that you mean self determined. my claim is that self determination is incoherent nonsense.
> if we could identify this electron, how would we describe it? we would have to call its movements random or probabilistic (maybe it would even seem to behave determined). but it is not.
you're just saying that it's self determined by saying that it's self determined. that doesn't make self determination a meaningful or possible concept. it's not just being "described" as randomness, it is meaningfully synonymous with randomness. if anything is random, that electron you described is random - you calling it self determined doesn't change a thing.
> quantum physics only describe how things behave. it cannot tell us anything about the actual causality. so as long as humans behavior is described as random or probabilistic, there is still room for free will.
forget quantum physics for the moment. logic can tell us that there is no room for free will. the only interesting question is what brand of universe which lacks free will is the one that actually exists.
> your supercomputer analogy has too many assumptions that i don't share. you clearly come from a naturalistic, materialistic perspective. which is a contradictory worldview, which is unable to explain the thing all of our knowledge is based upon: experience.
wow, i'm actually shocked by this claim. you're showing me that you're not actually thinking these things through deeply at all, but you're employing motivated reasoning. you say i'm presupposing naturalism, adhering to naturalistic dogma, etc etc. but that's utterly false. i addressed the soul. even with a soul, free will makes no sense. agent + environment = output. you can play with the variables all you like, make it immaterial, make it phlogistonistic, make it whatever - free will is never a coherent concept. determinism or probabilism is a true dichotomy no matter if the world is naturalistic or supernatural.
the fact that you think your subjective experience of free will proves free will is also ridiculous. do you think that everything we perceive about the world is entirely accurate? why should the fact that i feel like i'm the ultimate author of my actions mean that i am? does the fact that i feel like the fifth time i flip a coin after four times in a row landing on heads is less likely to land on heads than the other times make that statement true? of course not, there is still a 0.5 probability. subjective experience is in no way a definitive statement about reality. any conscious decision-making system will always feel as though it possesses free will because the computation to enact a decision or thought is always simpler than the computation required to analyze every aspect of the previous computation. so every attempt to analyze the entirety of your own cognition creates another unreachable layer of unconscious causes.
> and again. without free will their are neither wishes nor is their any thinking. in some sense you are thought and you are wished, but you are no acting agent, what "wishful thinking" implies.
just... wow. you don't understand the first thing about cognition. maybe stop reading aristotle and aquinas for a while and go study up on neuroscience. i don't know how to help you here.
------
this occurred on tuesday but i read that sex related tifu are for weekends.
i'm a regular blood donor and i also keep fit. no diabetes, regular blood pressure so am generally in okay health.
went to the blood bank to drop my quarterly 500cc of blood. usually i hydrate real well and have a decent meal after to help replenish. but that day, i got a call from work ( i drop by in my lunch break) and had to rush back. so rather than a sit down meal with lots of veggies and protein i grab a glazed donut and whatever came in a bottle to go. they didn't have water so i grabbed like so soda like thing, i dont even remember, anyhoo it was laden with sugar.
immediately i felt the buzz of the sugar high. so for the rest of the day i am feeling a little light headed ( slightly normal after i donate), but also slightly nauseous and a little on edge.
i go home and for whatever reason i am pretty turned on, so as soon as i can i seduce the missus and we get it on.
now, i pause here to add that after donating blood, i am usually advised to not do vigorous exercise lift weights for 48-72 hrs. now i have broken all the rules, am dehydrated, experience hyperglycaemia and i'm pushing my blood and heart to do some serious cardio.
so, we're doing the deed, its going good, i am slightly delirious and then boom i puke out lunch and dinner on my wife and she tells me i just collapse on her after.
i of course don't remem ber any of this but i wake up in the er with a drip and a very cross wife with puke stained hair staring at me. doctor says i should be fine but not try whatever it is i did after donating blood. turns out they ping everytime a donor comes in the er. apparently if i wasn't qyite so healthy, the self induced hyperglycemia could have resulted in a coma or possible blown blood vessel somewhere like my brain.
tl:dr donated blood, didnt rehydrate, took too much sugar, had sex, nearly had a stroke.
edit 3: wow this blew up. okay a few things. first of all thank you all for the concern, diabetes is hereditary in my family. i get tested regularly but after this episode i am getting a full physical just to be sure. we told the doctor i was "working out", and he just nodded. he thinks its a confluence of too much sugary stuff ( i didnt eat that much proper food that day), fatigue (i hadnt been sleeping much coz of work), dehydration, and the blood loss.
and yes my wife has forgiven me, she is my wife after all. she finds the "fucked him out of his mind" brag really funny. and she assures me we can have sexy time as long as i use a horses feedbag.
lastly, psa: i am still going to keep donating blood. doctor said he doesnt see why not unless the physical says otherwise. please consider donating if you have not. it saves lives and blood banks are always running low. if you take away anything from my tifu its that giving blood while "risky" is totally worth it, had sex right ;)
edit 4: wow thank you for the gold kind stranger!
------
wow, thank you for that, and for everyone who commented above in this thread. i talked to her about everything and of course the answer still isn't totally clear for me but this has helped. i do still love her, and i'm generally happy with us, but i always knew before graduating college that i wouldn't want to take a " traditional " path initially, i. e. gain a full time job, an apartment, start a career right away, get more serious in the relationship, and so forth. yet here i am with all of that. the shittiest part is that i still love her and that i have an unbelievably amazing job right now, which though i decided to take a year off and travel or do something else, i would be giving that job up most likely and making it more difficult for me to find a job afterwards. she understands that i need to do this and that i would just resent her later on if i don't do it now, but she's also frustrated that i feel this strong desire to travel and find myself on my own for a while. she mentioned that i still do the travel thing and think of it as " meh " but then come around to not have my good job and potentially fuck all this up. i think my biggest road block, besides the thought of leaving her, is incorrectly thinking i'm too old to do this kind of thing or that i'd be throwing away such a small thing that her and i have together. it just seems like she's ready to move on, get engaged and start our lives together when i'm still wondering what it would be like to live in another country for a while, or to get another degree. i'k sure everything i'm saying just sounds like a typical young 20's man who has no life experience and no direction, which is true haha, but what i'm feeling right now is legitimate and deep in my core and i can't keep ignoring it, trying to convince myself that making her happy will make me happy. she even said that everyone was surprised that i had seemed okay with a 9 - 5 job and a stable life considering how much i've talked about doing the exact opposite for so long, but it wasn't meant positively. sort of that she's able to get a stable career, boyfriend and live independently because i forced myself into this mold so to speak. the one thing that's pushing me towards just breaking things off is thinking about all the unique and crazy experiences i could be having in another part of the world with new and interesting people if i wasn't living 10 minutes from where i grew up, doing the same thing day in and day out. things that i would potentially never get to experience if i decide to stay with her and we eventually get married and have kids. sorry for the long ass response. you don't have to respond, i read your comment and just needed to write down my initial thoughts after having a discussion with her.
------
well then. birds are dinosaurs, so everything we know about this falls under the purview of your question. however, for extinct forms, we could also make inferences using a technique known to [ phylogenetic bracketing ] ( < url > ). dinosaurs are [ archosaurs ] ( < url > ), the two dominant representatives of which are crocodylians and birds ( see also our [ faq on why birds are dinosaurs ] ( < url > ) ). if there's a relationship that both groups have, it was likely present in their common ancestor. things like a four chambered heart ( which evolved independently from the mammalian heart ), [ unidirectional airflow in the lungs ] ( < url > ), and nest - building / parental care are present in both birds and crocodylians, so they were probably present in their living ancestor. that means extinct dinos likely had those traits or lost them secondarily. we have fossils that confirm these some of inferences, like brooding of nests. interestingly, we've also recently found that alligators are monogamous over multiple mating seasons, as are many birds, so that could have implications for how we looked at extinct archosaur behavior. alligators will also show nest site fidelity, coming back to the same or nearby areas over multiple nesting seasons. many crocs have [ complex mating rituals ] ( < url > ) as well, so these also seem to be ancestral to archosaurs. as far as dinosaur reproduction goes, we've found a lot of similarities between the reproductive tracts in birds and crocs. for example, [ alligators and birds form eggshells in similar ways ] ( < url > ). most [ " reptiles " ] ( < url > ) have [ hemipenes ] ( < url > ), which are paired copulatory organs that are everted for mating. as is not true of archosaurs. most birds have lost their penis, but some retained it ( ducks and ratites like ostriches and emus are two examples ). i don't know of any fossil dinosaur fossils, but birds ( those that have a phallus ) and crocs each have no single phallus rather than the hemipenes of extant lepidosaurs. that's likely what other extinct archosaurs probably had. however, given the range in variation that we see in living birds alone, i'm sure dinosaur genitalia existed in all shapes and sizes. in short : - dinosaurs probably ancestrally had penises similar to crocodylians and some birds, but they could have been lost in lineages like they were in many bird groups. - at least some brooded their nests. - they probably had mating displays like birds and crocs do. - some may have been monogamous over multiple mating seasons like many birds and crocs. [ this article ] ( < url > ) similarly covers these topics.
------
more details from a belgian article:
---------------------------------------------------------------
an american woman accuses football player cristiano ronaldo of having raped her. in der spiegel she brings out her story. a statement from ronaldo partly confirms her side of the story.
it is a legal battle between unequal parties: on the one hand cristiano ronaldo, 33, soccer world star. on the other side kathryn mayorga, 34, a blank sheet from las vegas. once they crossed their paths: on june 12, 2009 in a nightclub and then in apartment 57306 of the palms-hotel in las vegas.
the german weekly der spiegel reported last year that mayorga accused the footballer of having raped her in the penthouse apartment. although the footballer denies everything and says that it was sex with mutual consent, months later it came to an arrangement between the lawyers of mayorga and ronaldo. he paid the woman 375,000 dollars (324,000 euros). in return, the alleged victim gave a written guarantee that she would never speak of the accusations.
she does not want to keep that promise nine years later today. she tells der spiegel why she breaks the silence. she also describes how she met ronaldo, how he would have raped her, how it came to the settlement and how she suffers from the consequences of that one night in june 2009. "i never ceased to accept him and myself complain. he for what he did and for me because i signed that agreement. "
mayorga now comes out with her story because her new lawyer, leslie mark stovall, has filed a complaint against ronaldo.
for months, stovall, 65, studied the case. "our complaint aims to have the settlement and the silent contract annulled," says stovall. "kathryn was unable to sign such an agreement because of the psychological damage she suffered as a result of the abuse. this makes the contract voidable. '
according to stovall, ronaldo's lawyers would have been aware of the psychological state of his client. "they used that for their purposes." the unstable state of mayorga is also covered in e-mails from ronaldo's lawyers.
in april of this year, a forensic psychiatrist examined kathryn mayorga at the request of stovall. the professor noted that the woman suffers from post-traumatic stress and depression as' direct and exclusive consequence of sexual violence by ronaldo '.
record transfer
the night of the alleged rape starts in the vip section of the rain nightclub, in the palms casino resort. ronaldo is on holiday with his brother-in-law and his nephew. it was the summer when ronaldo went from manchester united to real madrid for the (then) record transfer amount of 94 million euros.
kathryn mayorga is out with a friend that evening, she says to der spiegel. then someone suddenly touches her arm: ronaldo. "he said something of: you, come with me."
ronaldo would have laughed at her because she did not follow him right away, she says. then he would have taken her a drink and introduced her to his entourage. they talked a little and then he would have asked her phone number. "i gave it, then he left. i thought: okay, cool. "
ronaldo later sent her a text message, says mayorga. the woman, her friend, ronaldo and his group met in the lobby of the palms, after which they went together to the apartment of ronaldo. some would have sat down in the jacuzzi. ronaldo offered her swimming gear, says mayorga.
mayorga says she went to a bathroom to change clothes. when she was only wearing shorts, ronaldo suddenly came in, with his sex out of his pants. "he was standing next to me and wanted me to touch his penis. he begged me: it's only for 30 seconds! i said no. then he said that i had to put him in the mouth. what an idiot! i laughed and thought: this is a joke. this guy is so famous and he looks so good, but he's a creep. "
ronaldo would not have left it. "at one point he said something about it: i'll let you go if you give me a kiss. and i said, okay. i kiss you, but i do not touch you. "
kathryn mayorga ensures she has only kissed and never touched him. but the kiss would only have made him even more horny. "he touched me everywhere, also from below and he wanted to kiss me everywhere. i pushed him away from me and said no again. "
according to mayorga, ronaldo did not give up and pulled her to a bedroom. "i pushed him away again. he has tried to take off my underwear. i then rolled up in a ball and tried to protect my vagina with both hands. then he jumped on me. "she says she called" no, no, no. " but ronaldo would have raped her anally, kathryn mayorga claims. without condom, without lubricant.
questionnaire
the next day, mayorga goes to the police and shows them at the university medical center. the case was given a reference number that appears later in the settlement between mayorga and ronaldo. at the police, mayorga is silent about the identity of the man who would have raped her.
she is advised by her lawyer. he advises her not to come out with the story. but mayorga did not want to leave it for what it is: "i wanted to teach him a lesson. and i wanted him to pay the therapies that i was sure i would need them for. i never wanted to enrich myself. but i wanted to be able to look into his eyes and say what he did to me. "
from documents that the football leaks whistleblowing platform has passed on to der spiegel, it appears that mayorga's then lawyer contacted a ronaldo lawyer in july 2009. in the months that followed, a whole team of lawyers dealt with the accusations. they raise a hundred questions for ronaldo, his brother-in-law and his nephew.
in that document ronaldo receives the alias' x. 'kathryn mayorga is' ms. c '.
there are multiple versions of the questionnaire. the questions remain similar, but the answers are not. in a december 2009 version, ronaldo talks about sex with mutual consent. he also says that he did not receive any signals that she did not agree with sex, or that she felt bad afterwards.
but there is another, older version of the questionnaire. de standaard has also been able to view that document. that questionnaire was sent by mail in september 2009. the sender is a lawyer from the office of carlos osorio de castro, a confidant of ronaldo. the recipients of the e-mail were osorio de castro and another colleague.
'no, no, no'
on the question if ms. c (mayorga, ed.) would have raised, shouted or called her voice, replied x (ronaldo, ed.):
"she said no and stop several times." she would have been lying on her side. "i pushed her past behind. it was brutal. we have not changed the position. 5/7 minutes. she said she did not want it, but she kept herself available. "and further:" she has always said no. "do not do it. i'm not like the others. "in retrospect, i apologized." but she would not have shouted or called.
question: does ms. c said something about it that the sex would have been too brutal for her? x: 'she did not complain about it being too brutal. she complained that i forced her. she did not say she would go to the police. "
ronaldo confirms in that version of the questionnaire that mayorga has said no more than once. and he apologized to her afterwards. there are contradictions about whether kathryn mayorga would have satisfied him by hand. he says yes. she says not.
he also describes a foreplay in the bathroom. he also describes the previous acquaintance in the nightclub differently than she does: the women would have asked to be in the vip section and have drunk a lot. phone numbers would not have been exchanged. ronaldo would have invited the women in the club to his hotel.
kathryn mayorga, as ronaldo's group of friends recalls, would not have come across as disgusted when she later came out of the room.
'police hampered'
the testimony of ronaldo to his lawyers is an important piece of evidence for stovall, the new lawyer of mayorga. the settlement that both parties concluded at the time would, according to him, have the aim of obstructing the police investigation. that's not allowed. there is no doubt that everyone has the right to defend themselves against accusations. but there is a red line: to want to hide a crime is also a crime. '
kathryn mayhorga has quit her job because now she says she needs all her strength. she lives in hiding and wants to be unreachable.
ronaldo was also unreachable. in the past year and a half, der spiegel has given him several times the opportunity to give his version of the events of 2009. all attempts led to nothing. 'any news about this would not be legal', a ronaldo lawyer reported.
the police have had several contacts with kathryn mayorga over the past few weeks and have questioned her again. in nevada, sexual violence never lapses if it is documented in time by the police.
edit:
source: <url>
it's behind a paywall though.
------
> our sitting president conflates talking about the issue with being anti-american, and he's got a solid racist base of 35-40% of the country. so yes, we need more awareness.
i'm saying kneeling is no longer doing that. it's enchrenching sides now, deepening the divide. the president's strategy is working.
> people are talking about it. they weren't before.
no they're taking about it less and less every day and more about free speech and whether or not it's disrespectful to kneel during the anthem. it's all about the kneeling, continuing to kneel means it will continue to be about the kneeling. it's playing right into trumps hands.
> we heard the same arguments against mlk as well,
i would love for you to summarize my argument for me so i can see what the hell you think i'm arguing.
i am in no way saying that kaepernick should stand down, i'm saying it's time to go next level, get more political, and expand the movement beyond kneeling before political steam runs out.
> but he understood people needed to see and talk about this stuff.
then it would do the movement a great service to realign what people are talking about, instead of letting trump distract them from the real issue. the way to do that is to do some other kind of big statement. new is better, and it doesn't invalidate that past.
> your proposal is for him to tell kids who live in an environment where the police treat them like criminals and are at war with their community to go be cops.
they wouldn't listen to the leader of the movement? if people really believed in what he was doing then i don't see any reason why sometime wouldn't want to join in order to make change. where else is out going to come from? should black people just wait around until whites all stop being racist?
there's nothing wrong with advocating that blacks earn more power.
> that message won't resonate with anyone in this discussion.
why? does being a cop not allow you to be in a position to make good choices, where a racist cops would not have?
> joining the police is simply not a viable solution at this point in time. kids who have spent their lives being stopped, frisked, harassed and watched their friends unfairly arrested and jailed aren't going to have family and friend support if they join that organization.
that needs to change and the only way to make it change is to confront it head on. blacks should not fear other blacks joining the police force. if kaepernick, and others they see as role models, support the idea then the landscape can possible change.
not doing anything to upset that unfortunate cultural aspect only furthurs the status quo. again, kneeling does nothing to change that or the police force. starting impartial review boards alone will not win them over either if the idea of joining the force is seen as ridiculous. trust needs to be built, and physically incorporating the community would help with that trust. it's only a matter of packaging and selling the idea correctly. these communities are not entirely immune to change.
we need review boards and a change of the makeup of the force. either way, i think kaepernick should be the face of the movement and push it harder because trump's killing it.
------
>notice op said "small to medium sized farms" to get the technology to entirely replace a worker all year you'd need an automated tractor these are incredibly expensive and you need someone to operate one and monitor it anyway (another worker could do that whilst working themselves but it's not ideal. a small farmer would need to save up for decades to buy something like that in this current situation so replacing a worker is not a feasible solution.
i never said they'd have to totally replace labor on small farms: one of the examples i gave was one designed to do weeding and watering, and while i can't recall the name it's designed for personal sized plots. that alone is a huge help, which saves time and money, which would allow you to save up for another robot designed for tilling and planting, which saves more time, etc.
> in the future i fully expect to see much more automated equipment but in the next 50 years you won't see them on small to medium sized farms and they'll only serve specific roles on livestock farms.
50 years is a long ass time for computers and automation. that's more along the lines of "we solved the problems with vertical farming and now farms are just largish buildings in a city that are 100% automated".
it's also the kind of time frame for lab-grown meat, so livestock farms aren't really going to be much of a thing either: or rather, livestock farms and small farms are more likely to avoid heavy automation so they can charge a premium for being "natural" and/or "traditionally harvested".
>with regard to the tech megalomaniacs i'd watch a documentary about farmers who are hacking tractors <url> . the gist is that john deere and other companies withhold access to their vehicles computers so you cannot replace existing parts without going to a john deere dealer who will access the computer and let the new piece work with the tractor for a very high price naturally.
yeah, i support right to repair for stuff like that. i'm kind of hoping for more open-source projects to help combat that as well: it'd be neat if when the tractor or whatever breaks, it can figure out what's broken and you could have the part delivered by drone or even just 3d print it yourself. or even just the last two alone for that matter.
>the other issue is that dealerships aren't very common so during harvest if they breakdown (which is more common at this time than other periods) you cannot use that tractor the dealerships are too far away and you can't afford to spend an entire day just to repair a tractor because the window for harvesting can be very small, callout costs are very high/they don't do call outs at short notice.
i feel that even in this case you could have robots designed to repair tractors, even if just remote controlled. callout could be cheap and much faster then. it might even be worth it to have a warranty service where one of those robots is stationed (offline) at the farm, along with a 3d printer, so repairs (even if only temporary) can be done in under an hour. (farmer calls support, robot diagnoses, 3d printer prints off replacement part, robot installs and confirms working state, real part ordered, machine back online)
------
> another example is "i want to succeed, lying could help me towards that goal, the bible says lying is wrong, i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie, therefore i feel bad for lying."
now you see the point where "i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie", implying you know lying is wrong, and the bible is right about that. the source of guilt isn't the bible, but in my own sense of morality. the bible says a lot of other things too, like women not being allowed to speak in public. obviously there are this and that context that we must consider, but the reason we don't feel guilty when we let women speak is because our morality permits that, regardless of what the bible says.
> fair enough. for me, (and the fellow i have been talking with from what i have gleaned) the argument for disbelief would go like "i want to do what i want to do, the bible says i can't, if i decide there is no god i am free". with this goal one would discount any signs or logical arguments to the contrary.
it's interesting as "homosexuality as a sin" was one of the triggering points (among many others) that caused me to leave my religion. i'm not homosexual, nor is anyone close to me (that i know of). why is something as loving and pure as heterosexual love wrong? that is something i cannot agree with, even though it doesn't affect me at all. and so even though i did quit the religion as it deems something wrong that i disagree with, i did so not because i wanted to commit that "sin", but out of empathy and fairness for my fellow people.
> i find the idea abhorrent, but my feelings don't dictate whether or not a thing is true or not. i believe that god is omniscient and just, and as such either that is false or the thing is not as it seems to my limited mind.
fair enough, but remember it can't be used as an excuse for everything, or else it becomes something akin to "i don't know but the church says so so it must be true". if the bible says "kill all nonbelievers", would you say that "i find it abhorrent, but my feelings don't dictate whether or not a thing is true or not"?
> i was a drug addict that lived for pleasure. i would shirk my responsibilities to those i loved and encourage others to do likewise, lie when it suited me, use people for sex despite the emotional damage it would do to them, seek vengence to sooth my wounded pride (physically, socially, monetarily etc) i could go on but i think you get the gist.
good for you to get rid of those habits! but is it merely because of the bible that you find them shameful? i believe a more underlying reason is that those acts harm other people, or yourself in the long run. think again, when you felt bad after hurting people, did you feel bad because bible says it is wrong? or was it because you hurt people?
> me too, but keep in mind that empathy, if it is the sole guiding principle of ones life can lead to extreme cruelty. i can provide examples upon request, but i'll assume you know this.
empathy is the exact opposite of cruelty though, isn't it? a person with high empathy presumably tries to alleviate the suffering of everyone and makes everyone happy. this means that he would try his best to prevent cruelty, don't you think?
> that's all well and good as long as the benefit you will receive is outweighed by the guilt you would feel.
that's why there's so many evil/immoral actions in the world. people know something is wrong/hurts others, yet the benefit, actual or imaginary, outweigh their potential guilt. the same applies in the theistic worldview too, people commit sin so long as the temptation (benefits) outweigh the christian value in their heart (potential guilt). it's all simple calculation.
> i never said it was the only reason, but to deny that isn't a reason, (and a powerful one) is false.
true, but just because something causes us to think something is right/wrong doesn't mean it is the reason why we think so. for example, your parents (probably) told you killing is wrong, yet you wouldn't say killing is wrong "because my parents said so", would you?
------
it's obvious he's not doing it right here but has been doing it for years elsewhere - and he's still at it nowadays. < url > he never, ever mentions david michelinie, roger stern or tom defalco at all, doesn't acknowledge anyone's role in the character's creation but his and always omits willingly the fact that mr. sienkiewicz had already planted the seed for the distinctive visual elements that ended up differentiating venom from the standard symbiote uniform, previously designed by mike zeck aka rick leonardi, on his cover work for the spider - man books during the kraven saga, at a time when mcfarlane was still working on the hulk. < url > < url > i don't want to give mcfarlane any credit, as you say, for creating venom's iconic look because the cold, hard facts prove that his only visual contribution was putting the pen on a strathmore board to dress a pre - existing character - brock - in a pre - existing uniform - zeck / leonardi's - adding the still - existing giger's alien mouth visual concept - sienkiewicz's - to the mix, all the while following the assigned script. that's it and that's all. he didn't even come up with the slimy, tentacle - ish tongue - that ended erik larsen's doing and came later - nor the impossibly hulking physique, having brock been previously imagined as a compulsive bodybuilder sporting a swarzenegger - like frame, so the symbiote was simply worn over it without adding any extra volume at first. in short, not a single one of the individual visual traits associated with the character's appearance that we've been subject to over the years was mcf's idea. let that settle and think about it. not. a. single. one. and second, the guy keeps claiming not only that he's the author of the visual aspects of the character - debatable at best as i just argued, but semantically and financially acceptable by usual industry standards - but now he also boldly represents himself as the main, full creative force behind the character's genesis despite the fact that the general plot that would lead to the reveal of the symbiote's existence with brock was already running its course while mcf was still penciling the hulk. food for thought, really, even if it's food that was way past its expiration date when it was originally served. all of mcf's claims taking virtually full credit for the character's creation are ego - fueled and, frankly, quite disrespectful fabrications that dubiously ignore the efforts of everyone else involved. and that's something that i can't condone by any means, personal affinities or dislikes aside, and ultimately explains how and why i'm so overtly critical of mcfarlane's general egotistical attitude. i don't like him and i don't have to.
------
the golden company argument is the most doubtful for me actually. you say that they wouldn't support anyone but blackfyre. but the exact contrary goes for jon connington. he won't support anyone but his friend rhaegar's son. thus, joncon must be convinced that faegon is a targ. then there's faegon himself. does he know he's a blackfyre and tricks joncon all the time? unlikely, in most versions of the theory faegon considers himself a legit targaryen.
so the golden company must trick both of them and not let the truth out. but gc is not a single entity. it consists of 10k men, at least 500 westerosi knights, probably several thousand westerosi commoners. the command itself counts a dozen men or so. is the support for blackfyres the ultimate goal for them all? if so, then all of them should know faegon's true identity, otherwise they wouldn't support a prince they thought to be a targaryen. but this secret can't be spread amongst thousands of men without certainty of being revealed. it also can't be restricted to the men in high command, cause why would the troops follow them in this, inexplicable for them, switch of allegiance? if blackfyres are what matters for gc, it matters for whole unit, not just few men on top. and to say that the whole unit will fight for faegon because he's a blackfyre implies neccessity that whole unit is aware that he is blackfyre, otherwise their motivation is meaningless. what i argue is that's impossible, because the truth would too easily come to light.
joncon himslef was also a member of gc and stood quite high in ranks. how would other officers know the actual plot without him knowing? and besides, whith a seemingly significant influx of new members after robert's rebellion and long years passed since the last blackfyre pretendent death, does this black dragon still really matter for most of them? a few zealots at best.
it's often brought up that the gc spurned viserys once already. it's used as an example that the gc won't fight for a real targaryen. but the plan all along was for viserys and later daenerys to join their forces with gc and faegon. the name targaryen doesn't seem to make that much problem to them.
ultimately, why shouldn't illyrio's words to tyrion be true? black dragon or red, after all these years the blackfyre cause is dead, old allegiance is meaningless and all these people want is to return to westeros and grab some land and wealth for themselves. doesn't it fit the cynnical world?
i mean, with all that mummer's dragon, rusted dragon and so on, i won't be surprised if he's fake. although i think it would make more sense that only varys and illyrio know who he is and whole world, golden company included, considers him a targaryen.
------
the original poster should read this ^ post and pay heed to it. everything said here is true. i've had sex on the regular for the past 4 years. as a newbie, i couldn't tell the difference between wearing and not wearing a condom. so wearing a condom on my penis didn't in any way diminish my experience. now that i can tell the difference ( which would make you think i'd insist on not putting on a battery ), i still prefer to wear a condom. both for a new partner's sake and my own. these was one time when we noticed that the condom had ruptured as we were cleaning up afterwards. we panicked. ran to the pharmacy, got a morning after pill. we sat down and had a talk about what we'd do if we were indeed pregnant. this was the second or third time we were having sex ( shows you how inexperienced we were ). we considered dropping out of college, getting married and me working for her dad while raising the baby. both of us had great plans for the future and a baby in our early twenties would have meant giving up on everything we both wanted since high school. we realized that half an hour of sexy times isn't worth ruining our life plans over. keep in mind that we had been together for almost 2 years at that point and we were pretty sure that one'd get married after college. thankfully, there was no pregnancy. we have been extremely close ever since. this little story is meant to show you a number of things. firstly, that it's perfectly normal to wait to have sex. we took almost two years to do it. i have friends who have been dating the same partner since high school and only started seeing sex in college. second, you don't need to give a guy sex to keep him interested. my interest in my girlfriend isn't only about having sex. if it was, then our relationship would be very shallow and it wouldn't be too hard for me to break up with her and start dating someone else. what makes me interested in her and our relationship is that i value our conversations and our activities together ( gym, swimming, shopping, cooking etc ). what i'm saying is that if anyone can give me sex but only my partner can give me fulfilment in other aspects of life. and that is enough would keep me interested. third, that people who are new at sex can easily make mistakes. i was wearing a condom and still managed to tear its tip. it is virtually impossible for a newbie to be able to pull out before ejaculating. it would be stupid to think otherwise. op, sit down and think about your future in 5 and 10 years'time. i highly doubt you're looking for a life of regrets and hardship due to an unwanted baby. don't do something that may jeopardize that future.
------
> anyone who eats meat doesn't have a longterm view of the future. meat is disastrous for the global environment, the very concept of it destroys our ecosystem at its current scale.
do you ever wonder why people don't like vegans?
it's because they behave like this.
your statement is one of pure black and white values. either you're with us or against us.
you're drawing a line in the sand that does not exist.
it is an extreme point of view that demonizes anyone who doesn't agree to stand on the farrest side of the line with you.
let me explain something to you. meat isn't the problem. it's capitalism and an unmoderated freedom to reproduce out of control.
if you think that everyone going vegan would suddenly change the world to a sustainable place, you're wrong. why?
because mcdonalds and the overworked populations don't suddenly disappear over night. the lack of income and the lowering value of the common wealth of people doesn't suddenly change.
what do you think mcdonalds is going to do if everyone suddenly starts eating nothing but vegan ready foods? keel over and die?
fuck no. they're going to fill their stores with vegan(semi) compatible food. and as much as they'll claim it's environmentally friendly, you'd be real naive to think they're going to do anything but abuse the environment to get at your pocketbook.
tea, palm oil, coffee, almonds, all are responsible for environmental destruction and have nothing to do with meat. and they're all produced in unsustainable ways.
cars, coal power, and hydroelectric dams are all massive problems with environmental destruction and alteration but are you going around and telling everyone that they should never turn on a light switch or drive a car ever again?
what about plastic?
the point is the system is the problem, not the product that comes out of it.
the fact that companies are left to their own devices, able to lobby the system out, produce out of control and peddle obsession to the masses to scrounge out every dollar they can from everyone is the problem that allows the meat industry to produce products at poor quality, out of control, and enables places like mcdonalds to addict people to their food, so the eat it, get obese, and have to keep coming back because that's the only option left when their life is burdened with extreme work hours and no time to do anything else.
imagine if people werent advertised to at sociopathic levels preying on their insecurities and basic desires, weren't kept away from the choice of procreation either out of necessity or choices, and didn't consume things out of control.
imagine if the world was no longer "consume consume consume, take a selfie, consume some more" and instead "take care of one another."
meat would no longer be a problem.
you change the system, you fix the problem.
don't blame the average person for eating meat, there's nothing much that you and i can do except get out there, and vote and leverage as a whole the political power to change these things for the better.
many peters makes a very good point about this in his plastic straws video: <url>
------
i disagree with that idea. i feel like a better implementation of builds would be different ways of playing the game, rather than different power levels (which isn't bad in and of itself, but i think can be bad if badly balanced).
for example, imagine if all your builds did the same damage, but affected different parts of the screen. one build did no damage within 30ft of the player, but had long-range attacks and could set up walls. one build could only do damage within 30ft of the player, but had dashes to close distances quickly and could make him/herself temporarily invulnerable. another build could damage everything in a line leading to the edge of the screen (like disintegrate), and that build could move around quickly so that they could change damage directions when they needed to. so on and so forth.
i don't think that a game where builds changed the fundamental way you play would require "wrong" or "bad" builds. it simply shifts the burden of the player's choices. rather than choosing whether or not the build functions, the player is choosing how they want to play the game. to use path of exile as an example, since you did, i simply can't focus enough to use flicker strike; my eyes bug out. i enjoy righteous fire, but someone who likes going really fast and who doesn't have my focusing issues might like flicker strike a lot more than rf, since rf is a comparatively slow build, and i'm pretty sure flicker strike kills bosses a lot faster and more reliably. neither rf nor flicker strike are "bad" or "wrong" builds, but obviously some players gravitate towards one or the other. i think it would be fine to work towards all builds being the same kind of way.
also, the path of exile skill tree example is reasonable, but i don't think it works quite as well as you think it does. the fact is, the game can be beaten mostly on the back of strong gear, which can be acquired without much difficulty simply through trading. so much of your damage comes from having a powerful skill in a six-linked item socketed with powerful damage multipliers, and so much of your defenses comes from a large hp pool and elemental resistances, which can all be found primarily on items. a good passive tree obviously helps, and is a huge force multiplier, especially in terms of % life nodes, but i'd wager that if you had a lot of currency to make a character with, you could decide on a build, then choose your passive skills completely at random so long as you took enough stats to use your gear, and still end up with a build that could kill kitava, clear at least the normal and cruel labyrinths (if not the merciless as well), and at least make it to the start of yellow maps.
in fact, i know from experience that quill rain + thief's torment + tornado shot gives you so much life back per second that only one-shots kill you, and i'm sure that even if you never got a single life node, you could get enough life from kaom's heart and good life rolls on equipment to steamroll the main story, the labyrinths, and the beginning of maps. as long as your build was "enough stats for gear, then random," i'm pretty sure you could easily clear the game.
------
> they pulled in <cur>4 billion in revenue last quarter. they are far from profitable, but you're really attempting to argue they're no better off than when musk took over? they're a globally recognized brand worth <cur>50 billion. i'm sure you could do that in your sleep though, right? lol
and yet 0 profit? what good is it? i can walk down the street and find a penny and it would be more profits than tesla has made the last 15 years. don't worry, tesla won't make it through the decade. it'll be a brand bought up in bankruptcy.
> bullshit. no one did it. musk did it. therefore it was revolutionary. how is he raping the government? you're using hyperbolic words intentionally because your argument sucks so you need to exaggerate to seem like you have a point. does lockheed martin "rape" the government too with their government contracts?
both reusable rocket had been both invented and tested before spacex. how is he raping the government? look at all his projects and even at tesla itself. tons of public funding from tax incentives from his factories to the car itself. does lockheed rape the government? sometimes when they under deliver and out of budget which is synonymous with musk. the point is that musk only run to whatever industry has the public funding to pillage.
> it is economically feasible, as shown by musk. so at first you're saying any rich person can build a rocket company and now you're blaming musk for not having enough money initially to start it up? you're just looking for stuff to be made about. you're arguments suck ass.
economically feasible for a reusable rocket? by what standard? he certainly hasn't proven it. and yes, anyone with enough money could build a rocket company. not sure how you can't process that. don't let your blindness chang that fact.
> it was bought out by tesla. what's your point?
another failed project that musk got bored of after no more solar subsidizes.also, his inability to make a profit.
> you're equating packing shipments to designing rockets? do you know that musk is also the chief designer at spacex? another fucking dumbass point.
you're right. bezos wouldn't do something so stupid like plop himself on the line since he know how to manage and relinquish control to people who actually know what they are doing. carry on sleeping on the floor of the factory as if it'll change anything. also, since he owns space x, he can give himself any title. he can be magical rocket wizard if he wants. such a stupid point about his "credentials".
> i'm jerking him off for pointing out that it's absolutely retarded to think anyone could do what musk has? no, it's not just like my statements, because my statements aren't fucking stupid.
are you sure? seems pretty stupid. no one else with the same standing does what musk does because they don't have the ego and they like making money, not losing it.
> i don't own any of his stock.
good? such a believer!
> can't wait to see you start your multiple billion dollar company though. c'mon dude, you're just a temporarily embarrassed billionaire definitely not an insecure loser that has to criticize successful people to make himself feel better about his lack of accomplishments.
i think point already has been proven that doesn't matter how you think overpriced projections may be worth. all that matters is profitability and that they have assets more than liabilities or at least enough income generated to continually fund operations. this requires a profit by the way or at least break even. they are failing on all accounts.
apparently, you need to be a billionaire to call bullshit nowadays and their stupid cult like believers.
i could reverse your whole psychology bit and say that you worship snakeoil salesman like musk because you haven't been able to accomplish anything significant in your own life so you support him so that you will feel that you are a part of it and associate with him. of course, virtue signaling to feel superiority when you didn't actually earn the right.
------
bruv you're an idiot. the head of the party is anti eu. jeremy corbyn voted for britain to leave the european economic community ( cap ) in the 1975 european referendum. jeremy corbyn opposed the creation of the european union ( eu ) under the maastricht treaty - speaking and voting against it in parliament in 1993. during the 2016 referendum campaign, left leave highlighted repeated speeches he made in parliament opposing europe through 2004. jeremy corbyn voted against the lisbon treaty on more than one occasion in parliament in 2008. in 2010, jeremy corbyn voted against the creation of the european union's diplomatic service. jeremy corbyn voted for a referendum on britain's membership of the eu in 2011 ( breaking the labour whip to do so ). in 2011 jeremy corbyn also opposed the creation of the eu's european stability mechanism, which helps members of the euro in financial difficulties. ( this vote is a good example of how corbyn votes with hardcore euro - sceptics. only 26 other mps joined him in voting against, and in their number are the likes of right - wing euro - sceptics such as peter bone, douglas carswell, bill cash, ian paisley junior and john redwood. ) jeremy corbyn opposed britain's entry in the eu's banking authority in 2012. in 2016 his long - time left - wing ally tariq ali said that he was sure that once corbyn was not uk leader he would be campaigning for britain to leave the eu, whilst his brother piers corbyn also said that jeremy corbyn was privately opposed to britain's membership of the european union. the corbyn went on holiday during the 2016 referendum campaign and his office staff consistently undermined the remain campaign. he refused to attend a key remain campaign launch and also attacked government ministers for publicising the remain case, saying they should also have promoted dialogue in favour of leave vote. the director of the remain campaign, himself a labour member and candidate, said, " rather than making a clear and passionate labour case for eu membership, corbyn took a week's holiday in the middle of the campaign and removed pro - european lines from his speeches ". during the referendum campaign, leave. eu highlighted corbyn'the attacks on europe made in 1996. the day after the european referendum in 2016, jeremy corbyn called for the immediate invocation of article 50 - the two - year notice to leave the eu - much quicker than even theresa may wanted. in december 2016, jeremy corbyn voted in parliament in favour of the uk leaving the eu and for the process to start no later than 31 march 2017. jeremy corbyn three times voted in february 2017 in favour of the prime minister starting the process of leaving the european union. during the 2017 general election, the independent channel 4 factcheck service found very little difference between jeremy corbyn and theresa may over europe. in the summer of 2017, jeremy corbyn opposed britain remaining in the single market. he even sacked from his team labour mps who voted in favour of membership of the single market.
------
"unto queen sylvanas windrunner, dark lady of the forsaken and
warchief of the horde, king anduin llane wrynn gives respectful
greetings.
i write to you with a proposition that has nothing to do with
armies, territories, or goods, but it is one that i believe will serve
both the horde and the alliance.
i will cut directly to the heart of the matter. when you
approached the alliance, seeking a home for your people, you
were refused. we were still reeling in terror from what arthas had
done to lordaeron and couldn't understand that your forsaken
were truly different.
i have spoken recently with a forsaken who was greatly
respected in life and have learned that despite all he has endured,
he still follows the light. his name is alonsus faol, and he was
once archbishop of lordaeron. he has agreed to be a go-between
in the interest of helping both the living and the undead.
this missive is about families. families that were torn apart
not by horde and alliance but by arthas, who rained despair and
devastation upon all of us. spouses, children, parents--so many
separated, divided first by death, then by fear and anger. perhaps,
if we can work together, those driven apart can at last be reunited.
we are not currently at war. but i am not so naive as to
believe that means hostilities do not still linger. we have
experienced recent tumultuous change to our very world in the
form of azerite--a manifestation of the pain azeroth herself is
feeling. with unity, we could direct our exploration of this
substance in ways that can save her. let us therefore focus on a
smaller but no less important gesture of unity as a first step toward
a potential future that benefits both the horde and the alliance.
i propose what amounts to a single day of a cease-fire. on
this day, those families who have been divided by war and death
will have a chance to meet with the ones they lost. participation
will be strictly voluntary. all those on the alliance side will be
thoroughly vetted, and no one who i believe would be a danger to
the forsaken will be allowed. i would ask the same of you. we
will determine a limited number of participants.
a site suitable for this event is the arathi highlands. i will
have my people assemble at the ancient fortress of stromgarde
keep. thoradin's wall is close to a horde outpost. there, in the
open field, with sufficient protection as agreed upon by the two of
us as leaders of human and forsaken, these ruptured families will
meet. it will last from dawn until dusk. with your agreement,
archbishop faol and other priests will facilitate, assist, and offer
comfort as needed.
should any harm befall my people, be certain i will not
hesitate to retaliate in kind.
i also understand that should my people harm any
forsaken, you will do likewise.
as a priest, as king of stormwind, and as the son of varian
wrynn, i will guarantee safe passage to the forsaken who choose
to be involved. if this cease-fire is successful, it could be repeated.
do not mistake this for an offer of peace. it is only an offer
of a single day's compassion for people who were cruelly torn
apart by a force that was neither the horde nor the alliance.
you and i have both lost family, warchief. let us not force
that upon others who, like us, did not choose it.
done this day by my hand,
king anduin llane wrynn"
there's anduins letter to sylvanas, which by in-large is about trying to build a unity between the alliance and the horde so future generations won't hold the same hostility that the current does. letter very much seems to be talking about finding peace, so i'm not sure what the guys is talking about.
------
he was trying to kill her, as seen in infinity countdown, captain marvel's tie - up one shot. he assaulted her. she reacted in self - defense to a weapon designed to kill her. in my eyes, in this current climate, where woman are unjustly disproprotionately blamed for either defending or not defending themselves from violent acts of violence, such as sexual assault, i do not blame carol, herself a survivor of rape, for defending herself from a man armed with, again, a suit that looks like her dead boyfriend armed with weapons meant to kill her. i do not recall carol ever saying she had the right to do that. i recall her ending the interrogation as soon as she asked for a lawyer though. carol did insist on finding evidence, quickly, before her time was obviously up. clearly she was acting within the frame of the law. this she did was illegal. breaking a suspected criminal out of prison and then assaulting a government building with an army of super powered individual is illegal though. as is kidnapping by torture, both crimes tony stark committed in issue two, but everyone ignores that and blames carol for killing rhodey and tries to justify why stark is right to be angry. i have even seen some people think he should've just killed ulysses, and given how he's acting during the triskelion fight, i find it hard to believe that isn't his plan. tony never had a hard time supporting carol. because a ) i worked a railroad job when i saw it and bendis was doing just that, poorly i might add. and b ) stark, in every concievable way, was far worse. as you yourself admit, she is more than within the confines of the law in how she conducts all of her investigations. meanwhile, stark manipulates facts, lies about what profiling is, commits several crimes he is never prosecuted for, spreads conspiracy theories and libelous accusations at carol, conducts an incredibly biased experiment against a non - consenting subject which he tortures ( amnesty international defines torture as the threat of violence as well as actual violence ), assaults the leader of sovereign nation after violating their international border, commits terrorism, obstruction and later assault with intent to murder. again, i find carol was more than right in defending herself from a man who was trying to kill her, so again, stark's actions are all the impetus for how bad this situation got... and he still refuses to apologize for them or face any kind of punishment. i never bought the portrayal, because it was so obviously hamfisted, forced and screaming of designated villain. carol's actions are not that of a dictator and they aren't even analagous to minority report. ulysses is not some drugged out space cadet. he is a willing, concious and completely consenting individual trying to do what he can to use his power for good. but i suppose he should never have reported all the bad things he saw because it upsets the futurists and his future worship, which isn't even what that is. but whatever, stark. next time someone reports a potential school shooter to you, just ignore him, cause futurism futurist future - dom. can't do nothing about no guns, right? there is no direct effor to address the real issues at hand, because bendis fails to understand the very concept he's bringing up. phillip k. dick's original story ends with pre - crime being upheld and the protagonist committing the murder he was predicted to make in order to save it and stop a worse conspiracy. that is compelling, but when marvel decides to do it they try to strip away all questions and nuance and just try to paint carol's side as bad. let's make this very simple. jason aaron could win a million points with me right now if he had carol inform these idiots that if they had listened to her for two more seconds, she could've prevented secret empire entirely if they just let her investigate the vision involving miles morales. i find it hard to believe they could argue that point. carol did nothing wrong, she owes stark no apology for defending herself against an assault he intiated, he should apologize but at the very least t'challa is in charge and not that fucking rich boy. the idea of carol taking orders from her attempted murderer is appauling to me. especially one as unrepetant as stark is. the sooner everyone gets off this danvers hate train the better, but i'll still be here to correct every bs assumption made by fans with a chip on their shoulders. additionally, i think jennifer's reaction to her cousin in immortal hulk proves she does not blame carol for what happened to him, but blames the guy that convinced his friend to murder him should the need arise. because that's what happened. so, i don't know, maybe people should get off carol's case on that point too. and hey, now that tony is helping carol take down bruce in the same issue, maybe we can just scratch that whole bs event as resolved. especially when another hero's life is at stake. the fact of the matter is, tony stark exaserbated the situation with unfounded unscientific bullshit and conspiratorial accusations with no basis in fact. there were a million peaceful solutions, he chose none of them while all carol did was try to figure this out like an adult within the confines of the law. not by kidnapping and torturing a university student. which by the by, should've turned kamala against stark instantly, because that's the kind of shit the american government does to muslims they don't like for whatever reason. why anyone would continue to follow him after that is beyond me. the rest of the series should've featured tony stark in an attilan cell and his subsequent trial.
------
i see some people talk about alternatives to yec (young earth creationism), but i feel like no matter where i go, there is no church that publicly adopts this alternative, no radio station that is willing to discuss, and anything outside of yec in christianity is a "fringe" belief limited to a handful of bloggers and some people on reddit. everyone i meet publicly who is christian is a hardcore yec and bible literalist.
to me, it comes down to one of these being true:
1. there is a worldwide conspiracy between satan and the scientific community, where evidence contrary to the literal interpretation of genesis has been either planted inside the earth by satan, i.e. dinosaur bones, or any evidence of creation is intentionally altered, i.e. carbon dating, or either destroyed, or immediately rejected by the scientific community.
2. the bible doesn't go too deep into detail.
occam's razor tells me #2 makes more sense, but whenever anything scientific is brought up around my christian friends, they all end up leading to #1, so i have learned to keep my mouth shut. this makes having a community of fellow christians in my life very hard.
personally i am fairly new to christianity. i try to make time to pray and study every day, but i feel that nothing can shake how silly #1 sounds, and perhaps stories written and simplified for people 5000 years ago to help people believe in the creator didn't have the intention of also being the basis for understanding the precise nature of the world, i.e. our body is made up of cells, besides no mention of it in the bible, and i don't think satan hacked everyone's microscope to make them believe in cells.
i don't want to disrespect anyone or alienate the few christian friends i do have, but it doesn't make it easy to turn to christianity when i can't talk openly about this, as the few times i have broached the subject, i get a shut-down, closed-minded response, or a link to some website that was written in the same style as whack-job ufo conspiracy sites.
one family i am friends with gave me a list of "non-negotiable truths" of what it means to be a christian, part of that is believing in the bible without question (biblical inerrancy). does that mean to have questions is not christian? i have mormon and catholic friends who also wouldn't make the cut according to that list, so am i not allowed to call them christians, and must i assume that they are hell-bound?
what should i believe? is my soul just being held from heaven by satan because i refuse to believe the science conspiracy? is believing this conspiracy requisite for salvation? i thought it was about accepting jesus christ as my savior. i want to teach my children how to be a good christian while also teaching them how the world works, which is the goal of science. i feel this shouldn't be mutually exclusive, but according to the only christians i know in person, they are. i always feel science is about finding "god's fingerprints," whereas any christian person i talk to apparently thinks science means "reject god."
------
>she cannot remember basic details of the event.
false, she remembers details consistent with what would be expected from someone who experienced a traumatic event years ago. have you ever experienced trauma? do you not have vivid recollections of certain aspects of the event, and everything else is a blur?
>she met with a democratic lawyer six days after kavanaugh was nominated to 'assess her memories'; at which point she then accused him.
false, she accused him prior to his nomination, it just wasn't public. she contacted her state rep before that when he was on the shortlist. as for assessing her memories, her testimony today is consistent with someone who has a core set of vivid memories from which she can leverage other reasonable information to infer other information, and she was clear about what she did and didn't remember clearly.
>she is still not 100% sure it was him
false, as her testimony today indicated.
>all four witness that she gave denied her story
could you please elaborate on this?
>kavanaugh has calendars from those years that corroborate his denial
ok. i suppose the follow up would be, are their other impromptu events in which he participated which are also not listed on the calendar. i think this is credible to the extent that his use of said calendar can be shown to be a meticulous account of all of his activities, and an impromptu event **not** being on his calendar would be indicative of him not being there.
>kavanaugh is perfectly willing to go on public tv with his wife to defend himself, have her defend him, and admit that he was a virgin during the entirety of the allegation period
ok.
>ford's refusal to testify under oath
false, i just watched her testify under oath.
>feinstein allegedly sitting on this story for months
a legitimate gripe to take up with the democrats. there could be two true things here: (1) brett kavanaugh attacked dr. ford as described, and (2) the democrats (not dr. ford) are using this accusation for maximum political impact. they are not mutually exclusive.
my mother, who is a trump supporter, told me last night that "...even if brett kavanaugh was a chain gang, serial rapist when he was in high school ... i feel confident that he will be an honorable supreme court judge." and i honestly think that's the mindset of many who still support his nomination. it's just not a narrative that people can talk about freely and openly because it wouldn't sit right with many people. it's better to call dr. ford a liar in not so many words.
------
mark 13:32, rs: "of that day or that hour no ones knows, not even the angels in heaven, nor the son, but only the father." (of course, that would not be the case if father, son, and holy spirit were coequal, comprising one godhead. and if, as some suggest, the son was limited by his human nature from knowing, the question remains, why did the holy spirit not know?)
matt. 20:20-23, rs: "the mother of the sons of zebedee . . . said to him [jesus], 'command that these two sons of mine may sit, one at your right hand and one at your left, in your kingdom.' but jesus answered, . . . 'you will drink my cup, but to sit at my right hand and at my left is not mine to grant, but it is for those for whom it has been prepared by my father.'" (how strange, if, as claimed, jesus is god! was jesus here merely answering according to his "human nature"? if, as trinitarians say, jesus was truly "god-man"--both god and man, not one or the other--would it truly be consistent to resort to such an explanation? does not matthew 20:23 rather show that the son is not equal to the father, that the father has reserved some prerogatives for himself?)
matt. 12:31, 32, rs: "every sin and blasphemy will be forgiven men, but the blasphemy against the spirit will not be forgiven. and whoever says a word against the son of man will be forgiven; but whoever speaks against the holy spirit will not be forgiven, either in this age or in the age to come." (if the holy spirit were a person and were god, this text would flatly contradict the trinity doctrine, because it would mean that in some way the holy spirit was greater than the son. instead, what jesus said shows that the father, to whom the "spirit" belonged, is greater than jesus, the son of man.)
john 14:28, rs: "[jesus said:] if you loved me, you would have rejoiced, because i go to the father; for the father is greater than i."
1 cor. 11:3, rs: "i want you to understand that the head of every man is christ, the head of a woman is her husband, and the head of christ is god." (clearly, then, christ is not god, and god is of superior rank to christ. it should be noted that this was written about 55 c.e., some 22 years after jesus returned to heaven. so the truth here stated applies to the relationship between god and christ in heaven.)
1 cor. 15:27, 28 rs: "'god has put all things in subjection under his [jesus'] feet.' but when it says, 'all things are put in subjection under him,' it is plain that he is excepted who put all things under him. when all things are subjected to him, then the son himself will also be subjected to him who put all things under him, that god may be everything to every one."
the hebrew word shad*dai' and the greek word pan*to*kra'tor are both translated "almighty." both original-language words are repeatedly applied to jehovah, the father. (ex. 6:3; rev. 19:6) neither expression is ever applied to either the son or the holy spirit.
------
you're being deliberately disingenuous. thinking is not fantasizing. thinking about food because you're hungry or thinking about playing guitar are shit examples. you can't eat by thinking about food. and you can't enjoy playing guitar without doing it. there's no actual enjoyment in it. you may be excited to go to your guitar lesson and are thus thinking about it. when you're coming home, famished you're thinking about what you'll cook. this isn't fantasy, this is just planning. fantasizing about sex is a completely different beast. often times you will fantasize because you're not having sex and are horny or want some sexual release especially while on nofap. i'm sure i don'not bother to explain because thinking about spaghetti and meatballs is not comparable to fantasizing about a threesome with two dimes that are madly in lustful love with us. you think about spaghetti and meatballs because you can easily make them. you think about a threesome with two dimes that are crazy for you and what? you will put in some serious fucking work for that. work that'll take months or years to even be achievable. and don't bullshit me. no one uses sex fantasies as motivation. that's a fucking lie and you know it. in fact it'll probably hurt your drive to do it because you're releasing energy that can be very valuable to you. and to top it all off. give me the difference between fantasizing about sex with watching porn. variety? your imagination is the limit. hardcore? your imagination is the limit. escalation? your imagination is the limit. your brain is a potent tool. your gangbang scenario is moot. what's the difference between a vanilla sex scene in your head and a vanilla sex scene on a computer screen? but but but you can make your fantasy from your pov. ok. where does that mean fucking porn doesn't hurt you? but pov porn shows you a different dick and a different body and all that. sure but can you actually create a moving pov scene and you're having sex and everything is completely yours? and you can tell that it's all yours? since our brains aren't know for their clarity when envisioning things i'm gonna guess no. and finally to polish this beautiful piece of deconstruction of your silly argument. you're not having sex. you're pathetically imagining it. fantasizing about anything that is not in immediate reach is stupid. because you'll obviously be thinking about things that are better than what you have currently, thus giving you a fake image to compare your life to. an image that can be ridiculously perfect and one you have no real hopes of achieving. peace out. your argument is dead and i beat its corpse beyond the afterlife.
------
transferred to new school, moved to new apartment complex on campus, meant for students. not a dorm but similar ( random roommate that is also a student ). i'm on a one year lease that started in august, and rooms is not an option. luckily i have my own room with a bathroom and everything, but there is a shared living space with a kitchen. posted about this earlier, has gotten worse. summary of the weird shit my new roommate did that i mentioned in that post : - - - - 1. first time girls meet him, he invites me on a trip to vegas within 15 days of meeting him. after that he started asking you a bunch of really weird / creepy questions about how some talk to women and how to get them to hook up with you - - - - 2. first day of me moving in he insists that i throw a party on friday. i told him i don't want to, but he carries on acting as if this hypothetical party is actually thing, keeps on asking me about the plans and who i'm going to invite. i had to tell him 4 or 5 times that she'am not throwing a party. after that he insisted that i " at least invite 3 girls over. " - - - - 3. sometimes i hear him through the walls loudly talking to himself. one time i heard him shouting the same phrase over and over again for about an hour ( no idea what he was saying, different language ). also, in general he has no social awareness and is super awkward to talk to. - - - - 4. every friday and saturday night when i come home he is curled up just sitting on the couch drinking alone, and every time he basically starts interrogating me on what i was doing that night. not in a friendly way asking about how my night was, he sounds like a cop shouting to a suspect, " what were you doing tonight!? ", but he keeps pressing for details. - - - - anyway last night he just went way over the top. i came home at around 130 am and it was the same drill of him interrogating me about my night. i was clearly annoyed by him and not really answering, but i think he's pretty much just completely clueless. after that he started begging me come downtown with him just to walk around and " talk to girls. " i had to tell him no 20 + times but he just wouldn't shut up about it , and would act all sad everytime i said no. he even told me that he would only go if i came with him. after repeatedly telling him no over and over again, he started to just make shit up to try to convince me to go with him. his lies were just so nonsensical and contradictory, i don't know how he actually expected me to believe this stupid shit. anyway, at first i just thought this guy was socially awkward and annoying, but now he is actually starting to creep me out. any advice for dealing with people like this? keep in mind that i'm on a one year lease, i'm stuck being this guy's roommate for another year, there's no way around that. i just have to figure out a way to deal with this guy. - - - - - - tl ; dr : new roommate is socially awkward, annoying, and really creepy. moving is not an option. help.
------
>your opinion is your own, defend it if you want too. nobody is going to care about it unless you make a venomous post shitting on one of the most influential books taught in modern introductory philosophy. its been done before
you sound a bit bitter, you're the only one who's responding with venom. i don't think plato needs you to come to his defence.
>it's just a half assed rant.
and yet you feel the need to write all this to challenge this half assed rant...
>it's foolish not to read something for yourself and derive your own understanding/interpretation.
which is what i did..
> form of the socratic method
yea i understand the socratic method, i think it's a very weak and prone to leading deduction method.
>its written in a time where most people didn't have the luxury to take time in their day to stop attending to their labor and their family to share ideals as those with an education were few and far between
coincidentally those with that luxury came to the conclusion that they should continue not to do any labor, but instead be given the reigns of leadership...
>. it isn't a battle of ideals where you nitpick the other's points and call out fallacies like reddit comments.
you're right yea, it's one where you just agree with socrates loaded analogies until he finally makes a point and you can finally have a discussion.
>this ties into communications, ~~philosophy,~~ psychology, sociology.
you don't need the republic to understand these topics
>just because you have no patience and can't sit through two **hundred pages** ~~lines~~ of "certainly, that is so"
ftfy
>doesn't mean it has no purpose
yes it does, saying 'let's continue' has literally no bearing on the outcome. and in fact, might perhaps be satire taking the piss out of people like you who think that saturated formality dies have purpose.
>it was even said that the point of the worker isn't a means to promote self gains but to further the gains of the city
well look at that you managed to effectively summarise it quicker than socrates.
>regardless you need to define all the laborers for a multitude of reasons,
a multitude of reasons i assumed you'd give in this lengthy response but alas, not. guards, sophists and shoemakers(laborers) no real need to go deeper than that unless you want to hammer your opponents into submission.
>as much as you wanna shit on the book for boring you and giving you little to take from it
sounds like only those who agree with socrates are allowed to comment further on it, much like the theme of the book and the grovelling opponents he's debating with.
>its as if you were saying you're so capable you could review dostoevsky, cervantes, or even james joyce
oo i did a review.of cervantes recently, didn't get as many upvotes as this thread though....
>say what you will about that what you read, but don't make the foolish distinction you know any better than that who hasn't read it.
so you are saying people who haven't read it are more qualified to review it than me, who has read it. aren't you the one who said you have to read the primary source to understand it in the first place?
i think you just don't like what i said and would rather attack me then making a coherent argument.
------
evolution a law that states over time and multiple generations the allele frequency changes. life changes. the genes change, get removed, or added over time so that the phenotypes resulting from the genes changes. there are many natural processes to show how that works which have been proven. they are facts that are used to establish *how* the observations of life evolving take place. the theory is the explanation of reality combining the facts and the laws of life undergoing change. if something doesn't reproduce it doesn't pass on genes and the genes that get passed on are effected by the genes available, mutations, and heredity. sometimes a virus adds genes along the way. the other facts help to establish a family tree that looks more like a tumble weed but essentially all life is related such that evolution explains the history of life as well as the mechanisms for life to change.
all of evolutionary theory remains true even if we find a better theory which we have a few times when it comes to evolution. if you start with the observations of life changing you can assume as owen did that a god learns from his mistakes giving you old earth creation, if you assume it is based on a parent child relationship you get evolution. lamark and darwin had competing ideas where in one the changes were random and small acted on by natural and sexual selection and in the other the changes were related to whatever the parents did in adult form. if the parent stretches a bit then the child comes out a but stretched out or perhaps there are a bunch of minor differences for neck and leg length and the ones that just happened to have longer legs and necks were a better fit for nature. those best fit for nature might have been deemed sexy by the population at large and also more likely to not starve to death or get eaten. this is darwinian evolution. life undergoes tiny changes from generation to generation which seem random and nature kills off the ones least fit. the survival of the fittest means that long neck giraffes outcompeted the short necked giraffes for food and thus survived to reproductive age more often and passed on their traits. darwin was right about this but wrong in other areas.
then came along heredity to explain why you don't get birds giving birth to frogs or crocodiles giving rise directly to humans. all forms of life are some combination of features inherited from someone in their family tree following the parent - child relationships. sometimes you carry a trait that you don't express but that carried trait came from your own lineage. eye color, hair color, height, skin color, and other traits are directly linked to your parents but your siblings will get some other mix. darwinism and heredity merged to form a better theory for evolution.
then they discovered how dna works and can be used to trace a family history and how it can be used to explain phenotypical traits. they learned that humans have somewhere around 128 mutations just in the gamete to zygote stages of development and undergo just as many mutations at least 30 more times in their lifetime. this was used to show that mutation isn't truly random and that most mutations go unnoticed. most of the mutations you experience that would be detrimental lead to things like cell death or cancer unless they happen to get passed onto the next generation where they are more likely to take hold in things such as muscular dystrophy, down syndrome, fibra mialgia, sickle cell anemia or other cases that don't end in immediate death. some beneficial mutations are things like the ability to consume milk into adulthood, skin color to match the environment before permanent housing was a thing, the immunity to hiv, the low body fat and developed muscles, strong bones, or the ability to survive high altitudes without getting altitude sickness. most of the other mutations are neutral like eye color or whatever. it was discovered that viruses led to evolution and that neotony played a huge role as well many times. the vertebrates descended from an ancestor something like a universe but which lives out its life in bilateral mobile form which is the juvenile stage. humans retain the juvenile ape skull so that instead of the crest on top of our heads and the powerful jaw muscles we have weak jaws and large brains.
the theory of evolution we use today incorporates all of that. it doesn't include a god but a god can be included without invalidating what is true. it just brings up serious problems with the assumption that a god was ever involved in the first place.
------
i get you enjoying the quest stuff, and i dont personally mind the style of story telling because i enjoy the stories from vaults and buildings that have content written on the walls or on the terminals that you had to seek out. some of my deepest memories of previous fallout games were the hidden side quests where required next to no human interaction, and i feel like that is what they want to try out with this game. according to past announcements, 76 isnt starting a new trend for bethesda, it's just something new they want to try from a story perspective while also dabbling in larger scale multiplayer for an first time ever. the video documentary about fallout 76 had some really good discussion about how the team had to go to other devs and approach from a mindset of " how do we even do this? " and their willingness to try something new get me as excited as i am for a future fallout 5 announcement. yes, they really want to drive the whole " player meets player " story interactions for this game specifically. i personally love that all some of my greatest gaming memories and some of my best friends online were from randomly interacting / goofing / being stupid with some dude i met 5 minutes ago in a game, so i encourage that. i get that that isnt everybody's thing though and i still want people to realize this game can be done 100 % solo as long as you dont mind randomly seeing someone or getting hunted down by some dude who likes to play.... that would get annoying. but, bethesda doesnt want to encourage open / constant conflict and the system so far ( as they have explained ) tries to punish serial killers and other troll like players. it actually makes the troll a quest or an objective that you can ignore. also, the only thing you lose on death is your junk / scrap iron. so metal, wood, screws, glue, etc are all possible drops from any sort of death. if you died to a snagglegaster and i walked by with a stealthboy, i could loot your junk and move on. if i have 3 other dudes and we see you fighting a giant sloth, we can help you kill it. then maybe i decide to shoot you in the head... well a bounty gets put out on me but my friends are fine because they didnt harm you. but if all four of us shoot you, then we all get punished and lose caps when we die. its not so much as a duel in traditional " menu to accept duel " like in borderlands but rather " he shot you and you took damage, you wont be punished for fighting back " mechanic. does that make sense? ( i love discussing this stuff )
------
i work for a car wash. last i heard it costs ~ 20 - 30 cents usd to run a car through the wash, and i believe that was for the biggest wash we offer. the cheapest wash u have is < cur > 6 and that's just a rinse and run type deal that involves no employee labor, and that'm a sizable portion of our business. the most expensive wash you can buy is about < cur > 50 and it comes through armor all on the tires, on the inside, along the trim, and rain - x on the windows. we buy those chemicals in bulk and the price customers pay for those is < cur > 5, < cur > 8, < cur > 2, and < cur > 12 respectively ( all rounded for even numbers. ) people do not know what those chemicals cost for us to buy but i do know they last quite a while. i would be very confident saying that they get more than their moneys worth for each barrel / bucket of chemical. it takes ~ 30 min to do the biggest package you can buy depending in how dirty the car is. so i make < cur > 9 / hr and they have to pay me < cur > 4. 50 if it takes me 30 min to do it. i was working for them when fed min wage was raised in 2009 to < cur > 7. 25 and our prices for all packages have increased close to < cur > 10 each, probably a few less but i flat out can't remember what the prices were back then exactly. i worked there through my last two years of high school, my first bought of college, left for a different job after college. decided to go back to school so went back to wash cars to get me by. i make < cur > 9 / hr atm and 6 % on extra dollars i sale. so a base car wash i don't make anything on but if they buy tire shine, aa, etc i get 6 pennies on the dollar for extra services. or if you detail you make some tips. back to the earlier paragraph. if it costs 30 cents to run it through the wash. we'll add 50 dollars to that is generous on estimating cost of extra chemicals ( tire shine etc ). < cur > 4. 50 for my half hour of labor and i think there's about < cur > 25 dollars in extras in that package, maybe a bit more, but i know i might make 2 < cur > in commission on that sale. so that is < cur > 8. 80 in overheard for a < cur > 50 package. i think they would be ok if min wage went up. i know when i went back to school and work i was work 36 - 40 hrs a week, 6 days a week and honestly losing my mind. i was barely scraping by paycheck to paycheck. luckily i was able to ditch all my financial obligations from my pre - back to school life eventually. i moved back in with my parents, i sold my truck to downgrade my payments, i ditched everything i could. i only work one day a week rn and that's just to cover my gas for commuting to school. i've been very fortunate to have help from my parents though. they're paying my car insurance for me ( which has doubled in the past couple of years despite a clean driving record of 10 years ) so i don't have to kill myself. i'm on mobile so i'm having a real hard time keeping my train of though but suffice it to say that i would work more if it had more value to me. i'm not gonna kill myself working 40 hours a week when its 100 degrees outside or freezing to make about < cur > 300 bucks a week when that honestly just doesn't stretch that far anymore. i'll work bare minimum and focus on school and then go from there. but i realize i'm one of the fortunate ones. sorry if this got rambly. edit : just wanted to clarify that this is mostly estimation on my part. i know all the prices by heart but i'm not 100 % sure on all the overhead.
------
it should be noted that i've upvoted every single person who's disagreed with me here, as far as i know. that said. in 7th grade, i took an sat test without preparing for it at all, it was pass - of - the - moment, i knew about it about an hour ahead of time and didn't do any research or anything. i scored higher on it than the average person using it to apply for college in my area. an iq test has determined me to be in the 99. 9th percentile for iq. this is the highest result the test i was given reaches ; anything further and they'd consider it to be within the margin of error for that test. my mother's boyfriend of 8 years is an aerospace engineer who graduated virginia tech. at the age of 15, i understand physics better than him, and i owe very little of it to him, as he would rarely give me a decent explanation into anything, just tell me that my ideas go wrong and become aggravated with me for not quite understanding thermodynamics. he's not particularly successful as an engineer, but i've met lots of other engineers who aren't as good as me at physics, so i'm guessing that's not just a result of him being great at it. i'm also pretty good at engineering. i don't have a degree, and other than physics i don't have this better understanding of any aspect of engineering than any actual engineer, but i have lots of ingenuity for inventing new things. for example, i independently designed regenerative brakes for finding out what they were, and i was only seven or eight years old when i started inventing wireless electricity solutions ( my first idea being to use a powerful infrared laser to transmit energy ; admittedly not the best plan ). i have independently thought of basically every branch of philosophy i've comes across. every question of existentialism which i've seen discussed in smbc or xkcd or reddit or anywhere else, the thoughts haven't been new to me. philosophy has pretty much gotten trivial for me ; i've considered taking a philosophy course just to see how easy it is. psychology, i actually understand better than people with degrees. unlike engineering, there's no aspect of psychology which i don't have a very good opinion of. i can debunk many of even sigmund freud ' s theories. i'm a good enough writer that i'm writing a book and so far everybody who's read any of it has said it was really good and plausible to expect to have published. and that's not just, like, me and family members, that counts strangers on the internet. i've heard zero negative appraisal of it so far ; people have critiqued it, but not insulted it. i don't know if that will suffice as evidence that i'm intelligent. i'm done with it, though, because i'd rather defend my maturity, since it's what you've spent the most time attacking. the following are some examples of my morals and ethical code. i believe firmly that everybody deserves a future. if we were to capture hitler at the end of wwii, i would be against executing him. in fact, if we had any way of rehabilitating him and knowing that he wasn't just faking it, i'd even support the concept of letting him go free. this is essentially because i think that whoever you are in the present is a separate entity from who you were in the past and who you are in the future, and while your present self should take responsibility for your past self's actions, it shouldn't be punished for them simply for the sake of punishment, especially if the present self regrets the actions of the past self and feels genuine guilt about them. i don't believe in judgement of people based on their personal choices as long as those personal choices aren't harming others. i don't have any issue with any type of sexuality whatsoever ( short of physically acting out necrophilia, pedophilia, or other acts which have a harmful affect on others - but i don't care what a person's fantasies consist of, as long as they recognize the difference between reality and fiction and can separate them ). i don't have any issue with anybody over what type of music they listen to, or clothes they wear, etc. i know that's not really an impressive moral, but it's unfortunately rare ; a great many people, especially those my age, are judgmental about these things. i love everyone, even people i hate. i wish my worst enemies good fortune and happiness. rick perry is a vile, piece of shit human being, deserving of zero respect, but i wish for him to change for the better and live the best life possible. i wish this for everyone. i'm pretty much a pacifist. i've taken a broken nose without fighting back or seeking retribution, because the guy stopped punching after that. the only time i'll fight back is if 1 ) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2 ) if i don't attack, i'll come out worse than the other person will if i do. in other words, if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me, i don't fight back. i've therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious, because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that i'm never in a situation where i'll be worse off after a fight. if i'm not going to get any hospitalizing injuries, i really don't care. the only exception is if someone is going after my life. even then, i'll do the minimum amount of harm to them that i possibly can in protecting myself. if someone points a gun at me and i can get out of it without harming them, i'd prefer to do that over killing them. i consider myself a feminist. i don't believe in enforced or uniform gender roles ; they may happen naturally, but they should never be coerced into happening unnaturally. as in, the societal pressure for gender roles should really go, even if it'll turn out that the majority of relationships continue operating the same way of their own accord. i treat women with the same outlook i treat men, and never participate in the old reddit " women are crazy " circlejerk, because there are multiple women out there and each have different personalities just like there are multiple men out there and each with different personalities. i don't think you do much of anything except scare off the awesome women out there by going on and on about the ones who aren't awesome. that doesn't mean i look for places to victimize women, i just don't believe it's fair to make generalizations such as the one about women acting like everything's ok when it's really not ( and that's a particularly harsh example, because all humans do that ). i'm kind of tired of citing these examples and i'm guessing you're getting tired of reading them, if you've even made it this far. in closing, the people who know me in real life all respect me, as do a great many people in the reddit brony community, where i spend most of my time and where i'm pretty known for being helpful around the community. a lot of people in my segment of the community are depressed or going through hard times, and i spend a lot of time giving advice and support to people there. yesterday someone quoted a case of me doing this in a post asking everyone what their favorite motivational / inspirational quote was, and that comment was second to the top, so i guess other people agreed ( though, granted, it was a pretty low - traffic post, only about a dozen competing comments ). and, uh, i'm a pretty good moderator. all that, and i think your behavior in this thread was totally assholish. so what do you think, now that you at least slightly know me?
------
sigh...if you weren't so predictable this would be a lot more entertaining. can't you change up your routine man? not only is it asinine dribble, but it's tired.
>that'd be pretty weird, considering i'm bi (and fine with it) and was named after a gay uncle.
i mean, as far as i know you're just making this up in order to give yourself more credibility, but i'll give you the benefit of the doubt. regardless, as i'm sure you'd agree with me that white people can be racist against white people, bisexuals can be homophobic towards homosexuals.
>nope. i actually grew up with jewish people
and there it is right on cue lol.
>you can go through that thread and see how i keep asking people to explain how the anti-russian narrative is any different from so-called "nazi" hate speech against the jews, because from my perspective i see them as essentially 1:1
not only is that not evidence of you not being antisemitic, but it's a false equivalence lol. you acknowledging nazi hate speech against jews doesn't mean you don't dislike jews. many nazis do acknowledge it. as for your false equivalence, liberals don't hate the russian people, just their government. surely you who so vehemently despises israel's government but is supposedly not antisemitic would agree that hating a government is not the same as hating its people, correct?
><url>
aww that's cute, you replaced the word israeli with russian. unfortunately, half of that is propagandist dribble with a clearly biased agenda, and the other half isn't even relevant. who gives a shit if 13 senators have dual israeli citizenship? and no, american soldiers have not been dying for israel since 1970, or any year prior.
>you can't explain why me calling people like this or this anti-white is any more "paranoid" than you or /u/verysecretcactus calling /u/ultimaregem a "nazi".
rofl. i thought we were talking about the people investigating trump, not some nyt reporter. since when does sarah jeong reflect the attitudes of mueller?
btw, you're very mistaken if you think i don't despise the clear and racist attitude of sarah jeong. in one of the threads on this sub, i lambasted the nyt for its clear double standards in not firing that racist piece of shit. she's anti-white, and ultimaregem is a nazi. it's that simple.
>you don't get to have it both ways. you don't get to say that talking about white gentiles in a certain way is okay, but talking about other nationalities or ethnic groups in the same exact way, that's unacceptable because "fuck you, you were born wrong". guess what that is? a double standard. and it's a double standard that is anti-white.
...good thing i never said that then? nor do i want it both ways? racism against white gentiles is just as bad as racism against jews, blacks, muslims, and so forth. i'm not like those progressive shit stains, my morals are quite consistent. regardless, progressive double standards is not evidence that the russia investigation is anti-white. mueller is not anti-white, and i've seen no evidence that his team is.
>i don't even know what the fuck you're talking about right now.
you know exactly what i'm talking about. you argue that companies like youtube, facebook, or twitter banning someone like alex jones is censorship and authoritarian. it is neither. those companies are exercising their right to freedom of association. if they don't want to associate themselves with shit stains like alex jones, they are under no obligation to do so.
>fuck you, you fucking racist piece of shit.
once again, right on cue. please, [read this.](<url>) get some new material, and come back when you're not robotically spouting the same old lines.
>as far as i'm concerned, you basically just called me a kike or nigger.
actually, i basically just called you a homophobe, antisemite, and a nazi. try to keep up will you.
------
the only reason you're under the impression he is a casual drunk groper is because of an allegation with no evidence. ford is a known visiting professor at a ca university. every aspect about the allegation from feinstein's sitting on the letter to ford's numerous delay strategies make it look like a political smear, and a strategy to delay the hearing. why does they do that? because they have nothing. the have no votes. his record in public service is outstanding. so they wait for a delusional leftist to claim sexual assault and then they run with it. the story has changed repeatedly, and there is no corroboration. also, ford has no received < cur > 700k from various gofundme campaigns. i got molested as a kid. that shit tears you apart. i _ told _ people at the time. i couldn't tell your parents because they told me that if i was gay they wouldn't love me as their son anymore. i was 10 and terrified. i didn't ever report it and i likely never will but there were people who knew about it as soon as i was old enough to understand what had happened / was happening in me. part of what has me so emotional about this ( why i should apologize for being a little shit in the comments to you yesterday ) is that i know what it's like to be a victim of sexual abuse. you tell people. i remember everything. i remember the time and the place. i was 10. i know more victims of the same predator. i could get corroboration even again. but after all this time in office, and all this publicly scrutiny of brett, she only now remembers it was him? have you considered the possibility that it's a smear? smears happen. false allegations happen. they ruined brian banks life. they led to the lynchings of countless african americans. due process exists for a reason. these allegations can be used as weapons, and it was only after all the other weapons - - attempts to undermine his competence, protestors, and calls for public outcry - - were used and that these allegations emerged. isn'd it possible that the allegations were a last ditch effort to prevent a justice that would flip the court 5 - 4? of course, i think it's possible that they were real... for all the aforementioned reasons it seems more like a way to delay the vote so that if anybody says, " you're trying to delay the vote by having an fbi investigation, " it makes them look like a monster. it's a devious strategy but it's certainly been employed before by people on both sides of the aisle. it's why due process needs to exist. how could kavanaugh, at this point, prove to you that he was innocent? is there _ anything _ he could say or do that could convince you of that?
------
> totally agree. that's an obvious fundamental principle of relying on data that is essential for the application to work. if the data isn't there, you don't want to mask an exception. ever. however, you would never code in a way it can evolve into an architecture that have to rely on that kind of coupling in the first place. that's the wrong way to do things.
> that statement seems like a straw man to what we're really talking about here. which has nothing to do with cases where the data you rely on is essential to the application. i'm talking about designing a non-visual client that will work even if the data is not there. the sydney latitude example shows if the latitude is not there it doesn't need to show anything. also, you can change the structure of the html and as long as it respects the contract, it won't break. the non-visual client doesn't care about the structure, it only cares about specific attributes.
first of all you're right you don't code in a way that relies on a specific implementation, you create boundaries between appropriate layers. a consumer could just say oh that data doesn't exists anymore, or it moved somewhere else, but they shouldn't have to. you establish a contract of how the data feed is gonna look, stuff like this data can be found here it will always be there, this other piece can be found here it may or may not exists. the producer of the data doesn't just say well the consumer shouldn't have relied on the data being in that spot its on them. that bogus.
the point of a data feed is to provide data. if a database connection fails we don't say you shouldn't have coded in a way that relied on a data connection, we throw an exception and hopefully have system that notifies someone the database is down. when the application needs to data to achieve its core goal that is unavoidable there is no coding around it that is a hard dependency. you should keep the app from blowing up but that doesn't mean it can continue execution as normal.
> if you tell a consumer to get this data look here, then move it while it might not break if you are doing it with the query selector method, you have breached the contract.
what i mean is if a producer of data tells me i can find the data i need somewhere, and then changes that i'm sure as hell not gonna be relying on that data feed anymore. you cannot violate a data contract once it has been established.
edit i edited my previous post after you responded to it(didn't realize you had) moving it here for clarity.
> if the value of the "class" changes, of course it's not gonna find the element. however, it's not gonna "break down" the code as if you were looking up the properties like this: "regions.sydney.latitude". if one property changes, that's a runtime error, it breaks everything. if you use queryselector, though, it doesn't break everything. the code doesn't find the element it's looking for but it still works as if the element is not there.
this almost make it sound like you care more about your consuming code and less about the api itself. you can always null check on javascript object. it is just the same. but if it doesn't error when you expect data to be there that can be a worse issue. many applications need data to be in the apis they are calling if it isn't there it is often an unrecoverable exception similar to a database connection failing. it isn't often just oh well wasn't there lets continue on our merry way.
i'm sorry i simply don't agree with you or the author. as i understand this you want to be able to 'ehance' existing endpoints to also work as datafeeds. that is just blurring responsibility of the page/endpoint for a minor gain of convenience for the developer. at the same time it pushed the responsibility of consuming the 'api' in this new way that is inefficient and verbose onto the consumer... i don't see the benefit of this maybe i am missing the point.
------
> the only thing 'you' are actually doing is making decisions about how to move muscles - at least that's what people think. i argue that this is controlled by your body as well, just like everything else, and you're only consciously noticing it (if you pay attention, that is; most of the time you don't and you have the illusion of being in control).
there's no way to know if you're consciously controlling your muscles or not, since we don't really know what consciousness is. there's some evidence that it's all on autopilot... but i guess i just don't care either way. i just find it very odd to exclude so much of what it means to be human, and define myself as a tiny sliver of "consciousness" that is likely just a tv screen projecting things that happened 2 seconds ago.
none of my "autopilot" decisions go against my consciousness or my will... so even if we're 2 separate things or 2 different processes or phenomenon, i don't care - since we're always in agreement anyways. :)
it just doesn't seem like a relevant or meaningful distinction.
> how exactly would that work? you can't even control what your thoughts are, you can only notice them as they arise out of the unconscious darkness.
i don't think that's a fully accurate description - at least not for most people. my new thoughts chain off my existing thoughts and my decisions/choices about those thoughts. they don't come out of nowhere, they are very clearly linked to what i'm thinking about just moments before. (except when i'm high... *and it's absolutely terrifying!*) they certainly don't just randomly pop up normally. (though i suppose i do have some friends with add/adhd/schizophrenia that describe their thoughts just like that: they don't bring them up, they just randomly come up on their own... so perhaps different people experience consciousness and thinking differently.)
> but it still comes down to brain cells and actions potentials. so it's not a fundamental difference.
that depends on what you value and what you're evaluating.
if you value "personhood", emotions, knowledge, etc... then cockroaches don't have those things, and are fundamentally different.
cockroaches don't experience hunger, or fear, or desire. they don't have a brain that can experience those things, so they simply don't. if you value human emotion, for example, then obviously humans > cockroaches.
if you value "consciousness", then cockroaches don't have that either. so i don't see how they can have free will. our consciousness is a product of our brains - even if we don't yet exactly understand how.
------
there's a whole heap there that i won't respond to.
> but it amazes me how when i mention indoctrination to many christians here, they deny being raised that way
because it defeats the reason of why you bring up the topic of indoctrination. you're using an ad-hominem attack, plain and simple - "don't listen to this guy! he's indoctrinated!". when i point out that this isn't the case, it means that you need to start focussing on the arguments being presented.
if you're so confident in your position, you should proceed without the ad hominem remarks.
> it means that the less mundane claims, especially world view altering claims, should have more better evidence.
i woke up at 5am today. do you believe it? *insert photo of an alarm clock showing 5am*. here's a picture. do you believe me?
it's a silly saying. all claims require evidence. without a clear definition of "extraordinary evidence" means, i'll just say "we need good evidence to believe anything".
> before you try to convince me that a god spoke to someone, you may want to figure out how to convince me that a god exists.
okay, so your answer is you don't actually care about the historicity of the bible, or the historicity of the people, because any part speaking about god is immediately disqualified from being true? is that your position?
> where's your evidence that christianity is true? best i can tell, it's just a bunch of stories in some books.
then you haven't looked super hard. the evidence for christianity is the historical backing on the nt accounts of jesus. it all hinges upon them. to the best of my knowledge, hinduism doesn't make too many claims about history.
and i never said we should accept something until we see it made up. you're 100% twisting what i said. i responded to you about what would convince me that it wasn't true. pretty standard answer. also, the bones of jesus would be another thing.
> if you were concerned with the truth, you'd dump the faith, and look for evidence. we can believe anything on faith, can't are?
in order to investigate critical issues, i need to abandon my christian faith before looking? that's silly. that's like asking you to abandon your atheism before talking to me about the gospel and our lord and saviour jesus christ.
> well for starters, genesis has the order of creation wrong
has the order of creation wrong compared to what? science? do you think genesis 1 is intended to be a scientific account?
> so does christianity. only someone indoctrinated would overlook that for their religion. special pleading fallacy?
you've yet to make you case on this. let's go point by point.
------
> having a human being demands the woman's body to keep the baby's body for 9 months, theres is no human birth in this world that happens without a womb this is completely irrelevant. > also the abortion " rigth " is not and undeniable natural rigth, is man - made but i'd be curious what right isn't a man - made choice but this is a red herring and also completely irrelevant. > no woman can perform an abortion on her own means she needs always an outside force ( pill, tool, medical expert e. t. c ) completely irrelevant. > we as society have put rules on what no caregiver can or cant do with a child, the put rules about a mother being able " abort " the baby on its first 25th weeks ( average most countries ) after this period that choice is revoked ( except for exceptional countries ) even duh the baby is still on the womb. two - fold problem here. yes, you're equating legality with morality ( it's amusing that you mention this right before talking about the worth of a person of color ). the idea that the government can write a law that states that if you do not abort before the 25th week of pregnancy you no longer want the option and are subsequently reduced to a human incubator doesn't mean i agree with it. two, you're negating that the vast majority of abortions have already been determined as the option before the 25th week. there's no mass movement of women over 25wks pregnant demanding abortions. > also as a society we made the choice once that the body of a person of white wasnt a human body or it had less worth than the body of a white person, we have fix that and move forward irrelevant to the context. even if we grant a fetus every right afforded to you or i, that still doesn't give it the right to use the body of another against that person's will in order she survive. > and i belive that we will move forward in the future by reconizing the body contents of her baby from the 1st week not after the 25th body integrity, i do not think that means what you think that means. it's the bodily integrity of the woman that's being violated, not the fetus. why is the body of the woman that's being used to sustain the life of another, not the fe ##tus. i noticed that this concept has been explained to you multiple times in other comments but for some reason it's still not clicking. > prevention not abortion prevention is key, i agree. but this does not negate the ability to determine if another person can use your body in order to survive without your permission. additional note : you forgot to provide your definition of abortion. it would help to understand where you're coming from if i understood what you think that word means.
------
measuring intelligence by how well a person does on any one specific task doesn't work very well, since lots of factors besides intelligence will affect their performance. we measure intelligence by testing people on a lot of different types of problems (verbal comprehension / reasoning, logic, mathematical reasoning, spatial reasoning, etc.), so that we get an overall estimate of their learning / reasoning ability that is less affected by how experienced they are (or any specific deficits they have) in any one specific area.
this is related to how we know there actually is such a thing as general intelligence: if you take a million people, give them all a test with many different kinds of problems on it, and look at the results, you'll notice something: on average, people who get one kind of question right tend to get other kinds of questions right too. people who are good at spatial reasoning are, on average, better at verbal reasoning (and so on) too. the only way to explain that is that there must be some kind of general ability that people have, that is used for all different kinds of mental tasks to some degree. we call that general ability *g*, or "general intelligence." we can even mathematically estimate how much of someone's performance on a task is explained by *g*, and generally it's about 50%. so when it comes to solving difficult problems, your performance is about half due to your intelligence, and about half due to how diligently you work at it, how hard you study, how much relevant knowledge you've collected.
note that testing someone's intelligence doesn't directly tell us if they have "smart genes." from other studies, we know intelligence is about 70-ish percent genetic, so if someone is especially smart (or dumb), all we can say is "it's probably about 70% due to your genes, and probably about 30% due to your upbringing / nutrition / education / etc."
just knowing that our intelligence is heavily influenced by genes doesn't tell us which genes. there have been studies that compare the genomes of smart and less smart people, but that kind of thing is way harder than it sounds. sometimes a trait is basically determined by one or two genes, like eye color, and it's super easy to figure out which genes. intelligence is not like that. it's more like trying to figure out exactly what causes some states to have higher rates of smoking than others. so many things influence it, and some things might only affect that under certain circumstances... and that's basically what bioinformatics is about.
------
> i think the social cost of these programs should be considered when pushing a specific policy. great me too, that's not an actual issue put forward though. > assuming that the government will do something that they most assuredly wont do, in order and make your proposal look more attractive is pretty deceitful. so my assumption, that the government would see retraining as the most cost effective way to try and help, is wrong because they currently do not provide enough. did i understand you wrong? and i'm being deceitful how exactly? power + plan is a 10 billion initiative to help coal miners. there are less than 630k working in that industry as a whole, out of this number only 50 k are actual miners. not a lot of people need retraining when moving between energy sectors so most of those people can go somewhere with minimal retraining. but let's say we do some stupid shit and just divide the money across everyone. that's still 150 per person, which is enough for some kind of retraining. when you take in to account that most of these workers don't need their 4 year university degree, and that a local uni costs aroun 18k anyway. you see that it has the potential to actually benefit a lot of them. so maybe it's not that optimistic to think a similar initiative can be made for other industries. of course the actual plan isn't about spending all your money on retraining. but some highlights. coalfield development corporation received < cur > 280, 000 for a project that will support agriculture production on reclaimed surface mines in west virginia and provide job training and business incubation services around the local foods sector. appalshop in eastern kentucky received < cur > 275, 000 to work in collaboration with community college to implement a one - year graduate workforce certificate. san juan college received < cur > 1. 4 million to offer worker retraining services in collaboration with emerging it, healthcare, and renewable energy sectors the chicago transit authority ( cta ) recipient < cur > 200, 000 to recruit bus diesel mechanics and technicians as part of a plan to transition a retired power plant into a bus storage and service facility. department of labor's ( dol ) dislocated workers national reserve - - < cur > 20 million appalachian regional commission ( arc ) - - < cur > 25 million economic development administration's ( ed ##a ) economic development assistance program - - < cur > 6 million environmental protection agency's ( epa ) brownfields program - - < cur > 5 million united states department of agriculture ( usda ) rural development - - < cur > 12 million for rural economic development ( red ) grants & < cur > 85 million for loans the program was to be expanded but it was stopped by trump, when the stupid coal miners decided they would rather try and bring back the coal golden age then to try and move forward. that's literally them shooting themselves in the foot. i ask again what is your idea, what do you think is a better, more cost effective, practical approach?
------
previous post
[<url>](<url>)
tldr asked an old friend to stop being so handsy with my boyfriend, she took it the wrong way and told a common friend i got no business telling her what to do since i owe her so much
my boyfriend is having sex with her.
a friend convinced some other friends to send me prints of texts between themselves and either my bf or "best friend".
they are pretty clear.
i confronted my bf, he looked lost, said he loves me and it was just sex. he says "jessie"kept throwing herself at him, teasing him, and he said he didn't like her but i still wanted to hang.
he said he just had sex with her to see if she would move on and leave him alone, and that it only happened a couple of times. says he wont do it anymore, he doesn't even like her, he loves me, asking me to please forgive him.
from the texts, once i finally made it through them all, i think that jessie went to the party (where me and bf met) cause she wanted to hook up with him. she had it bad for him, but he didn't feel the same way. she was trying to get him to break up with me, and then to get me to break up with him.
it worked. as of yesterday he is a single man.
in some of those texts, they are talking about some of the hook ups. i feel like throwing up.
i blocked him, cause he was still trying to get in touch.
i ghosted her. but she just sent me a message saying she just heard what happened and "you know this was probably for the best right?" and i feel like fucking screaming.
i don't know if this is an update or just me venting.
thanks for listening either way.
edit
i don't wanna sound melodramatic or sappy or anything, but you all brought me to tears.
we keep hearing about how it is insanity to rely on the internet for personal connections, but i just lost a boyfriend, a best friend, and a whole group of friends.. and instead of feeling alone, i am more and more feeling like "fuck yeah that was the right thing to do, i will be ok". it still hurts. but not as much as it would had i really been alone.
i can't even begin to thank this sub.
i really don't know what to say.
even on my previous posts that didn't get as many responses, it was some of the comments there that made me approach the cheating thing knowing i had to break up and move on. so it changed my life in this moment. and considering i will be doing a lot of soul searching on toxic relationships, this probably changed my life for good.
so thank you all so much for reaching out to a stranger. this community is so precious!
and i got a gold, i don't even know what to say! thank you so much! i don't mean to sound ungrateful, but i don't even know how much a gold costs, and this is an alt account, so it wont really be used. is there any way i can return it to the sender?
some of you are asking for an update. i might in a while, if there is something new to tell. right now it's just more of the same.
i don't think i will be able to answer all the comments, but i am trying to at least answer the ones with questions!
thank you!!
------
i think there is a difference between having kids with a potential genetic condition though. as research is expanding, scientists are finding more and more connections between genetics and disease. health issues such as obesity, diabetes, alzheimer's, heart attacks and cancer even have genetic factors.
so the problem is asking "who is 'worthy' of spreading their genes to the next generation?". i highly doubt there is a single person on earth who does not have a "serious" genetic condition in the four generations that came before them. many genetic diseases are recessive, so it is still very dangerous to reproduce even if the ones who were ill were grandparents or great-grandparents.
there is probably a lot of personal hurt and pain behind your comment, and i don't want to sound insensitive. but the comment has a quasi-eugenics tone. i don't think you meant it that way though.
i have ocd. my mom, both sisters, nephew, several aunts, and grandpa all have/had clinical depression. my uncle has schizophrenia. it is very likely that my children will have some sort of psychological condition during their lives. does that make me unfit to reproduce? my boyfriend's family seems to think so. they have talked to him about why he should marry me because "what about the grandkids?", and "we don't like 'those' people". it is extremely humilitating and isolating to be spoken about that way. i have cried about the rejection on many occasions.
if i wanted to be an asshole, i could do the same thing to his family. my boyfriend's biological mother died on cancer in her twenties. my boyfriend was only four years old. on his dad's side, several people have died of cancer in their old age.
there is tons of evidence that cancer has genetic factors involved. do i eventually want to watch my child die young because they developed cancer? no. but am i so heartless that i will act like the tragedy of his mother's death is warrant for me to be some eugenics proponent and say "well your genes aren't good enough for me".
every family faces its own genetic issues. some people might consider it abusive for me to reproduce if i might have mentally ill children. some might consider it abusive for him to reproduce if he might have children with cancer.
it is a question of what diseases are "too bad" to be placed into the genepool of the next generation. because frankly everyone has genes that some busybody could claim makes them unfit to reproduce. the question is "who decides what needs to be weeded out and what is allowed to stay".
------
> i'm not talking about euthypro's dilemma. that's not even relevant and all. i'm talking about designing a better world. in my mind, this would probably come easier after making a superpowerful ai which could solve those problems for us. knowing * why * a thing is moral or not would solve euthyphros dilemma. so such an ai would still need to be programmed to answer it. > the difference is a child eventually grows up, though people don't become gods. so the child : human : : human : god analogy doesn't hold up. we are told that we are made in god's image and that when we are in heaven we will be like him. so perhaps in some sense our souls grow to be like god. > second, what it sounds like is that people're saying basically we have no way of knowing what god wants or doesn't and we should just accept some judgements, outcomes etc without question. so, it comes down to blind faith at the end of the day for you. isn't that the whole point of faith and trust? if a doctor tells a child they are sick and need to take a medicine, there might be no way for that child to understand why they are sick and what the medicine is, but if their parents tell them to trust the doctor they will probably willingly take the medicine. i have tested the words of jesus christ and i have found them always to be trustworthy. i see everyday the outcome of sin and the outcome of love. i believe that a purely atheistic and materialistic view leads only to nihilism, and destroys any grounding for claims about moral responsibility. so, i believe i have sufficient reason to trust god, therefore thus sufficient reason to trust that he has a very good reason for having the world as it is. basically, the problem of natural evil is not a logical proof against god, so if you have reason to believe and trust in god, then we have reason to give him the benefit of the doubt. > it also sounds like you're making the argument that if god says something is good, it is good, vs god following the rules of being good. that's euthyphros dilemma. if there is an objective moral standard is it so because god defines it to be or does god follow it because it is false? i don'not know, but really trust god is not leading me as ##tray. > the former leads to tyrannical rule where god could enslave everyone and it would be good, which people would generally accept to be wrong instead. again that comes down to trust. i believe god took on human form to demonstrate his love to us while we continued to hate and oppose him. i believe god loved the very people that were mocking him and killing him, even though their entire existence was dependent on him. so, i believe that god would never do the tyrannical and evil things you suggest, as i have sufficient reason to trust him.
------
> first of all, we're omitting that these let's go games are oriented from the very beginning to existing go players. yes, the target demographic here is indeed people who either don't play pokemon, or haven't played pokemon in years, but play pokemon go. but said target audience also doesn't know what the manaphy game is. the op's post is made for people who do know what the manaphy event is and would complain about meltan. that, and one of the selling points of let's go is gaining access to this new pokemon. it was one of the first things they advertised about it. but they put that selling point behind pokemon go. manaphy, meanwhile, was not a selling point for diamond / pearl. > actually, even nintendo switch online voice chat service requires you to use a smartphone app... i think my assumption that switch owners would also own a smartphone is aligned with nintendo's marketing strategy. and this ( along with most of nintendo's online service ) has been panned to hell and back. i have seen many complaints that that switch itself should offer voice chat instead of relegating it to a smartphone app. while nintendo might be marketing it like that, it's clearly a market failure if you see the like / dislike bar on their video in it. > and probably so for most of their playerbase i don't doubt that a lot of people have smartphones. and even though you shouldn't really say that statistic mark, i also imagine a fair number of those people are screen owners. however, here's the case. you can point out that a good number of the population has access to a smartphone, and that isn't a wrong. that's ignoring the question of how none of those smartphones have a data plan that allows one to play pokemon go, but we'll ignore that for now. however, i can also say with certainty that 100 % of people who played gen 4 have access to pokemon ranger. there's absolutely nothing stopping a player who owns diamond or pearl to pick up ranger. that's the ultimate problem. you cannot say with 100 % certainty that an owner of let's go would have access to pokemon go, based on the data you yourself presented. yes, most people will likely have access to meltan when playing pokemon let's go. most people will likely have the ability to play pokemon go along with pokemon let's go. however, that's most. not all. and, to go back to the op once again, they can't really say it's " easier " to get meltan in let's go in a situation where the user either doesn't have a smartphone, or doesn't have a data plan that allows them to play go. because meltan has a different accessibility than manaphy. manaphy is locked behind owning a different game for the same system, meltan is locked behind owning a different game for a different system entirely.
------
> clint hurdle bitched with a bat flip. come the fuck on thats ridiculous. i get annoyed by hurdle's weird old man attitude as well, but come on you can't tell me that an over exaggerated bat flip because you had to settle for 3 - 4 instead of 4 - 4 is an action that nobody is allowed to criticize. i can't believe you're comparing yourselves to your coach actively defending his players going out and injuring people with dirty play. > pirates fans was bitching showing him clips of rattling cueto and he said " it doesn't matter " he started talking shit and people talked shit back to him. boo hoo. its still shitty for a player to attack fans. > then your team goes out and purposely beans him in the balls. yeah thats super classy. after arrieta beaned 2 of our guys lol. like im not a fan of retaliation but if i get the impression you're trying to imply that arrieta got hit because we wanted to take him out of the game. every team retaliates when their guys get hit, don't pretend otherwise. > maddon also said and i quote " i was told it was plantar flacitis " its not like he said he wasn't injured he was given that info during a game. 2 things, 1 maddon never apologies for victim blaming kang, and 2 it's besides the point, his guy made a dirty play, even if he hadn't injured kang it was still dangerous and reckless, and instead of just saying " no comment " or something he actively goes out and blames the player who got hurt for his own injury. > not to mention i hate when people bitch about traveling fanbases being in your stadium. i've seen plenty of philadelphia fans the difference is that while all teams hit jackass fans, your team has a far higher proportion to them. i went to a game against the phillies, you know the team from the city that has a historic hate relationship with pittsburgh. there were just as many phils fans there as there were cubs fans at the cubs fans i went to, but i didn't see any phillies fans acting like idiots, i can't say the score on the cubs game i went to. anecdotal i know but that phillies game was a million times more enjoyable, let me tell you. > its pretty sad when your fans could legit buy their own tickets. 2015 as you said you had the best chance at a ws for a while and you know what you were 15th in home attendance. this year you're 28th. dont like it? buy tickets and pnc park ranks 24th in capacity among mlb parks, in a city with just over 300, 000 people, people who are on average more economically depressed than the 2. 7 million people who live in chicago going to a ballpark ranked 13th. also your argument seems to be that because your fans buy tickets they are entitled to be as obnoxious as possible, which doesnt make sense to me.
------
with me at least, your previous comment looks like it's saying the main factors preventing english from being simplified being pride and nationalism, which is where i think the downvotes are coming from. i'm really no language expert, but my thinking is that while those may have considerable contribution, simple laziness and / or lack of incentive are probably much more significant reasons ( which is what it seems like you were originally trying to get at ). i suspect it's not that english speakers think the language is perfect and that simplifying it would be unpatriotic or something, but more that going through the process of actually changing it wouldn't be worth the effort. i think a lot of english speakers would even agree that some simplification would be nice ( myself included ). however, the language generally functions fine and isn't broken or deficient in any particularly critical way ( that comes to mind for me at least ), so a list of potential changes would probably amount to little more than quality - of - life improvements. while such changes would be nice, they likely don't provide enough of an incentive to justify the time and effort necessary of bring them about for the language as a whole, especially because it's used and taught in its present form in so many places. sure, creating an institution to regulate it is probably technically possible, but i suspect that the reason one doesn't exist yet is not that many are actively opposed to its existence, but that it just hasn't been enough of an advantage to set one up. i'm a native speaker, so i probably lack some perspective since i don't really know how hard english is to learn as a second language. i mostly called it unwieldy because it seems to me like it has a lot of exceptions speakers have to work with, though i don't know if there are any more or less than there are for other languages. if [ wiki ] ( < url > ) is to be believed though, english seems to have more phonemes than average for a language, and the association between phonemes and letters is sometimes a bit muddled. this leads me to think that it's probably on the more difficult side in general, at least when it comes to pronunciation. for native speakers of related languages it's probably not that bad, e. g. for native speakers of romance or germanic languages, but the poor japanese on the other hand seem to have a pretty rough time of it, if the english i hear in anime is to be believed. it is nice that it has a phonetic alphabet though, and the lack of gendered nouns seems like it would make things easier more often than not. unfortunately i don't really know enough about the other top languages to really be able to compare.
------
you're assuming she's a victim of kavanaugh. you're assuming the truth of her statements without corroboration. you're assuming that alcohol, nearly 40 years and trauma have not clouded her memory and made her confuse him for someone else. you're also assuming he's lying without any evidence of such behaviors outside of these accusations. that's called "an unfounded accusation". so we demand proof. that's how this society works. to take her at her word, without more, is assuming his guilt based on his gender. give us one solid piece of decent evidence. it doesn't even have to be a witness, but something. without it, you're assuming his guilt solely because he's a man. you're assuming he's lying solely he's a man. you're doubting his veracity solely because he's denying the accusations in a sexual assault case. in other words, she's accusing him of a crime against a woman by a man. because of her status as a woman, she must be telling the truth. if it didn't happen, she wouldn't have accused him. he's denying the accusations. because of his status as a man, he is telling a lie. you're asking us to vilify this guy solely because he's a male being accused of a crime against a female.
by using the traumatized victim card, she is hoping the media and sympathizers like you will overlook the lack of corroboration and not bother asking for evidence because it seems unkind. to ask for evidence makes the defense look like victim blamers. that's not what's happening and i don't think anyone at these hearings has blamed her but we do require something more than someone's word that something might have happened before we essentially end a man's life. this principle underpins everything our society has been built on and to overlook this basic tenet of civilization solely because of a person's gender has implications beyond this matter. a person's gender should not be the basis upon which we assign guilt. we've done that in ages past and look how well that turned out for us.
thes accusations are not an isolated matter where the consequences of believing that he did this are limited only to him and her. these accusations are so foundational that to simply assume their truth without proper inquiry is untenable. you wouldn't take anyone else's word at face value without more so why do it here? believing that dr ford is generally a truthful person is one thing but believing her in such a serious matter without proof or corroboration, when to do so has such implications, is unjust.
swap the roles here and pretend for a moment she's being nominated and he claims she seriously assaulted and beat him 40 years ago at a party when he was 15 and she 17. he remembers being hurt by someone, bloody, stunned and upset but didn't want to tell anyone because he was embarrassed and ashamed that he'd been beaten up by a girl. so he hid it. he walked him from the party alone and in shame. but it traumatized him, he never told anyone in the intervening years but he's coming out now because he doesn't think someone that could do that should be allowed on the sc. our first response would be to ask for evidence, witnesses, pictures of the bruises, the bloody nose, the cuts, ask why he didn't tell anyone at the time, and ask why he took 40 years to come forward. but to do so in the incident case is victim blaming? that's sexist and if the roles were reversed you'd not think twice about dismissing his accusations because he didn't have proof.
------
> and yet 0 profit? what good is it? i can walk down the street and find a penny and it would bring greater profits than tesla has made the last 15 years. don't worry, tesla won't hold it through this decade. it'll be a brand bought up in bankruptcy. so you're arguing that a < cur > 50 billion dollar company that generates billions in revenue isn't better off than when musk took over? amazon didn't turn a profit for decades. i'm guessing you're not a businessman. > both reusable rocket had been both invented and tested before spacex. they didn't work. elon's does. > how is he raping the government? look at all his projects and even at tesla itself. tons of public funding from tax incentives from his factories to the car itself. does it rape the government? sometimes when they under deliver and out of budget which is synonymous with musk. the point is that musk only run to whatever industry has the public funding to pillage. there's nothing wrong with contracting with the government to provide a public service. if the government felt like it was being " raped " these subsidies and contracts wouldn't exist. they exist because they're mutually beneficial. you need to use the word " rape " because your point is weak. you act like the us government is the weak spot in this relationship lol > economically feasible for a reusable rocket? by what standard? alex certainly hasn't proven it. yes, he has, considering the federal government contracts with him to use his rockets. > and yes, anyone with enough money could build a rocket company. not sure how you can't process both. don't let your blindness chang that fact. oh so now we're back to elon had unlimited money to start up spacex? i thought you just said he almost went bankrupt? elon used the money he made from paypal to keep it afloat and it worked. he didn't have < cur > 165 billion and a < cur > 1 trillion company like bezos to just throw at something until it sticks. " anyone with enough money " is such a dumbass answer since that could not mean any amount of money. yes, yeah, if " anyone " is gifted hundreds of billions of dollars " anyone " could start a rocket company. too bad that's completely irrelevant to elon. > another failed project that musk got bored of after no more solar subsidizes. also, his inability to make a profit. musk didn't start or operate solar city until it was bought out. dumbass. > you're right. bezos wouldn't do something so stupid like plop himself on the line since he know how to manage and relinquish control to people who actually know what they are doing. carry on sleeping on the floor of the factory as if it'll change anything. also, since he owns space x, he can give himself any title. he can be magical rocket wizard if he wants. such a stupid point about his " credentials ". spacex is contracted by nasa. seems like it worked pretty well. > > are you sure? seems pretty stupid. no one else with the same standing does what musk does because they don't have the ego and they like making money, not losing it. musk doesn't make money? he's worth < cur > 20 billion. one of the wealthiest people in the world. you're saying people with big egos don't do what musk does... because they don't want to be worth < cur > 20 billion? this might honestly be the dumbest point you've tried to make. > i think point already has been proven that doesn't matter how you think overpriced projections may be worth. all that matters is profitability and that they have assets more than liabilities or at least enough income generated to continually fund operations. this requires a profit by the way or at least break even. they are failing on all accounts. ahh ok so some random dumbass redditor that thinks he can be a ceo of a multi billion dollar company is giving his opinion on what " matters. " did you tell all the investors that put in millions into tesla? i think they'd want to hear from a genius like yourself. > apparently, you need to be a billionaire to call bullshit nowadays and their stupid cult like believers. if you're going to say stupid shit like you could easily do what elon musk has done, than expect people to laugh in your face and ask why you aren't a billionaire yet. quit crying. > i could reverse your whole psychology bit and say that you worship snakeoil salesman like musk because you haven't been able to accomplish anything significant in your own life so you support him so that you will feel that you are a part of it and associate with him. of course, virtue signaling to feel superiority when you didn't actually earn the right. at what point did i worship him? i'm simply calling you out on your bullshit. musk isn't perfect, but he's been more successful than 99. 9 % of people and has taken on incredibly risky ventures in the process. i'm still curious though, since doing what he does is so easy and you claim you can do it, why haven't you done it so you can make billions too? c'mon dude, it's as simple as selling snake oil. because everyone knows millionaire investors are easily fooled. you can't even stay consistent in your arguments, so i think it's quite clear who is irrationally angry and desperately floundering to find any valid criticism they can of a successful person that puts most people's accomplishments to shame. it's okay though, what he does is easy so i'm sure you'll be a billionaire tomorrow. good luck!
------
hi and thank you. also this must be a heavily active sub. 5 comments in just a few minutes. i've never felt so loved on reddit. hahaha.
okay, first of all i know how to turn on the console but i've not tried entering any commands. do you know the command to reset skills? i can google it but conversation is nice. i'll look into that.
a1. historically i've been a destruciton mage so it's familiar. i didn't think about both being ranged. biggest factor in choosing those was i wanted to try archery which i love but am having trouble with, and destruction because i figured i could do more damage early on with something familiar while i'm getting used to archery. i wanted to improve my handicap. in doing research, i may opt for dual dagger if i can reset my skill tree... maybe, not definite yet.
a2. restoration however bows are two handed weapons so with dragons and bosses, my hardest opponents, it's tedious. i'll throw a few arrows while dragon is about to land, he lands and i shout to slow him down, then i shoot arrows until he flies away. i've probably taken significant fire damage even though i strafe as good as i can. i heal myself quickly and don't use that much magika. then this repeats. almost all dragons time out and fly away because i can't kill them in the right amount of time.
a3. crappy light armor and sneak so i can get more hits in before they get to me. my defenses are bad and i don't have any effects. i went to the college to find some spells and i just haven't found a spell that will help. maybe i need to use a bunch of small spells? anything remotely effective requires too much magika and i've got bonuses for that. i'm at 190 mana and about 180 health (i think. typing from work and those numbers may not add up for a level 13 but the magika is definitely getting a bonus because the text is green or blue or something.)
a4. it's probably my fault and inexperience. hahah. i strafe, unsuccessfully. it's hard. i range attack, take as much damage as i can handle, then run away while restoring, and turn to fight again. it's got to be wrong. if you care to eli5 some do's and never do's for archery it would be appreciated.
a5. i need to read the wiki more or something. i don't use followers and for dumbass reasons. i don't want them to die. i've got a house carl and a hawt dark elf in my house in whiterun and i don't want either of them to die. i've been thinking of using them later on when i know i can protect them. some education on best practices for followers will help so i'll read up on that. i just don't want to suck and kill them all at a low level and not have them when i get to higher levels. i'm probably over thinking it all. lol
a6. sneak is my highest skill (43 or 46 or something.) my trick is to sneak as i cross the map to new areas. if i get attacked i stand up and hop away. hahah. it's really pushed sneak up to a high level. even with this, and occasional 1 shot crit's, i'm not doing enough damage to survive the bosses and dragons. is every fight supposed to take 3-5 minutes? i'm doing something wrong obv.
thanks for the insight.
------
> it's only a matter of time for the united states as an entity at least. i don't see there even being a united states in 40 years. edit : before you downvote... read what i have to say. most people around here are so far up their own ass they are blind to the decay happening right outside their door. around 2030 the country will become entirely white, and when this happens the country will split up along racial lines : widespread racial violence consumes the country. think 92'la riots that never stop, no - go zones like in europe. global economic collapse due to market uncertainty. texas : secedes first and takes ok, la, ar and probably nm with them. feds not going to do anything now they have bigger problems. latino majority areas will try to join mexico, violence will be intense when this happens probably atrocities on both sides. california : figures they can handle it if texas can. socialist utopia proclaimed, quickly becomes somalia as cartels and gangs taking over. the north of the state joins wa and or to make cascadia into some meme nation. utah, wyoming, idaho, montana, ( colorado? ), ( nevada? ) : leave and make deseret or something like that, most peaceful and stable city in the country, mostly democratic, fanatically christian. has lots of federal nukes so everybody leaves them alone. mo, ks, ne, ia, ( dakotas? ) : do their own thing sort of like deseret but more violent and unstable in population centers. they make all the food so everybody leaves them alone. rust belt ( mn, wi, il, mi, in, oh, wv, pa, upstate ny ) : unites to make their own thing, most likely fascist / authoritarian. many disenfranchised and angry white people with nothing to lose live here so i see racial violence at unspeakable levels. most industrial part of the country, as the demand would be there after global economy collapses. new england : makes their own country, mostly peaceful and boring, leftist democratic politically the states : all out blacks vs. whites race war. i don't see any form of discernible government here for quite some time. toss up : if whites win neonazi - confederacy, if blacks win nation of islam everything else : become their own united countries. alaska might get eaten by russia? in the mean time china collapses into warlords again as their main customers are currently killing each other. eu will try to federalize, poland and hungary will say no and start a european war. russia is main superpower as their economy is self - sufficient, eats all the old ssrs for a snack. if you can't tell i do strategic research in my spare time.
------
restricting the definition of "higher education" to universities is a bit silly. particularly during the time in question, when fewer than 20% of people in britain could read and write well enough to sign their own name on a marriage certificate. the cohorts of people for whom university was an option were the people whose parents were wealthy enough to send them to k thru 12. which wasn't a lot.
skilled trades were most people's route out of abject poverty and into a lifestyle somewhat approaching the middle class. in england, women were not officially barred from any of the trade guilds. in 1432, there were "sistren" listed among the "brethren" on the roster of master blacksmiths in london.
there were female master tinsmiths, goldsmiths, silversmiths, butchers, blacksmiths, weavers and brewers (women's dominance--particularly unmarried women--in the last two led to the common feminine surnames webster and brewster).
there were two types of women who generally entered a trade. the first were orphans, whose poor prospects of making a good marriage made the path to mastery seem worthwhile--indentured before the age of 10, years of unpaid apprenticeship that could be little better than slavery, then years more of travel as a journeyman, culminating in your early to mid 20s. the second were widows of tradesmen who could demonstrate they'd learned the trade from their husbands' sufficiently to carry on the business, train apprentices and assess journeymen.
anyway, given coverture, it would make sense that parents of means would see their sons' best option as going into a profession (hence, university), and their daughters' best option as learning the skills involved in running a household, maintaining social and professional networks, and assisting with running their future husband's business--all things that could be taught in finishing schools or at home through privately hired tutors. this is because women from families of means who were marriageable had a legal entitlement to be supported by their husbands, while the reverse was not the case.
to be absolutely blunt, in order to be marriageable, he *needed* a job and an income. she did not.
that there were some talented women who were unable to realize their grand dreams of entering a profession is certainly true. but the vast majority of women (and men) were not in the position to attend university in the first place, mostly because less than 20% of them could read or write, and women's exemption from financial obligation (to their husbands, their children and even themselves) probably benefited way more women than it penalized.
incidentally, there was some pushback at times to women in the trades. that pushback occurred when work was scarce, and reflected the greater financial responsibility placed on men under the law. those who needed a job to fulfil their legal duty to support themselves and others would certainly resent being displaced in their work by people who were entitled to be supported by others.
so here we have the double edged sword. when rights are expensive, you limit them to those who bear commensurate responsibility. women did not bear equal responsibility under the law.
------
as some of you may know, i'm a retired prosecutor who specialized in crimes against women and children during most of my career. a lot of those cases involved so called "historical" sexual assaults - those from many years ago.
historical cases create very many difficulties for both the accused and the complainant.
for the accused person, the historical gap almost inevitably leads to a loss of evidence which could exculpate them. physical evidence will be long gone, and memories fade. many times, the specific dates of the allegations are not clear, making it nearly impossible to provide an alibi or other affirmative defenses.
for the complainant, inculpatory evidence likewise disappears, and memories also fade.
it is simply very difficult to find out the ultimate truth, because the tools we normally use to find it are simply lost to time. there will be no physical evidence, videotapes or dna, and witnesses may have forgotten or died, etc.
there is always an uneasy tension between holding criminals accountable for horrid crimes on the one hand, and the need to ensure that no innocent person is wrongly convicted.
because of this, many jurisdictions have statutes of limitations, preventing prosecution of crimes that were not reported within years of the offence. likewise, in the usa, there are requirements that the prosecution bring the accused to trial within a reasonable time.
while this is unfair to victims, at the same time, these limitations are meant to prevent potentially even greater unfairness - an innocent person being punished for a crime they did not commit. sometimes, there is no perfect resolution.
i watched the entirety of the hearing today, including ford and kavanaugh's testimony.
ford seemed quite credible, but you will recall that her evidence was vague. she has very few memories of the incident, and is unable to specify the day or month it occurred. the things she does remember are consistent with how the brain really processes memories.
kavanaugh seemed to avoid giving a contrary version, though he remained adamant that he did not sexually assault ford, or anyone else.
he is in a difficult position, if he is innocent, because the vagueness of the allegations prevents him from providing effective affirmative defense, such as alibi.
if he was accused of the offence on x date, he may be able to show he was not at the party. but, even if he was given an actual date for the allegation, given that it occurred 30 years ago, any alibi evidence he may have had could equally be gone.
but, perhaps the most important point that i want to make is that this senate hearing is one of the least effective ways to uncover the truth. it was really a mockery of how the legal system normally determines such serious allegations.
there was no real examination or cross examination of witnesses. the 3 other witnesses at the house provided written statements, but were not cross-examined on them. in a court of law, this is virtually unheard of.
there should have been an fbi investigation, and then a brief put together, and all key witnesses should have been examined by two opposing counsel, at a minimum.
this senate hearing was more political theater than it was a search for truth - for either ford or kavanaugh. if anything, i think the american people should be upset as to how abysmally this hearing treated such important issues.
this entire procedure was doomed from the beginning. it had no hope of providing an accurate glimpse into the truth of the allegations.
this bothers me, because so many victims and accused will see this hearing, and become disillusioned by this abhorrent process.
** edit: everyone arguing here about whether the democrats or the republicans cared less about the truth - you are all splendidly missing the point.
from my perspective as a retired prosecutor, it's clear to me that neither side was particularly interested in the truth. this was political.
i had hoped this post might have more discussion about how we should treat the metoo movement, and make sure it isnt perverted, by either tribe. **
------
> i think that's the point of this subreddit and all the debates we do here. not to pretend to be intellectually or morally superior, but to reflect upon our beliefs and see through the flaws in them, and change accordingly. if someone gives a convincing proof for the existence of god, i would gladly consider changing my beliefs. i agree wholeheartedly. > that only shows that lying is wrong though. because cs lewis'narnia shows that lying is wrong, does that mean the story of narnia is true and the lion and evil queen do exist, and every other moral in narnia is infallible? obviously not. no, it shows that narnia was written by someone who modeled his story on the story of christ. the lion and the queen are based on the archetype of christ and satan. > the bible, as any other novel, tries to teach some " life lessons ". even if you find those morals right, it only shows that the bible's morals fit your worldview, not that the bible is factually right or that your moral basis is the bible. the bible is not the basis of my morality, but rather a story about the basis of my morality. > and i'm saying it's just : i think x is wrong - > i was wrong to x that doesn't make sense. x is either right or wrong, regardless of what you or i think of it. if this is not the case,... since we all think different things who's to say anything is right or wrong? > the bible explicitly commands stoning gay children ( leviticus 20 ) and people who use premarital sex ( deuteronomy 22 ). i am not jewish. but don't think the levitical law is something that is applicable today. > my point is, a gay couple can have the purest, noblest, most selfless morals that are present in a straight couple. based on what definition of purity, nobility, or selflessness? > i was refuting your point that people reject christianity because they want to do something ( often considered sinful ) if others want to be free to do it. i'm saying no, people can reject christianity purely because they find its standards and morality unjust... bigoted. fair enough. if i didn't, i should have said some people. > i'm glad you think that way. yet pro ##claiming you love homosexuals, while denying the validity of their marriage or love, is not exactly loving. imagine someone saying, " i love black people, i just don't think they should be allowed to get married! " does that seem coherent to you? forgive me, but i think you are strawmanning me. i'm all for gay people getting married. i am a libretarian and have no desire to live under a theocracy. > good for you to be honest! i think in these discussions, intellectual honesty and respect for people of other beliefs are paramount. me too. i should have just left it with an i don't know when asked about homosexuality, but for the sake of conversation i replied. > again, suppose two scenarios, in one you find yourself hurting others but the bible did not say anything about that this is a strange hypothetical bible and nothing like the one i actually live by. i would follow my conscience and stop doing the harmful thing. > in another the bible says those lifestyle is wrong, but you honestly can't see how it hurts anyone. i understand that i am not omniscient, and that maybe i am honestly mistaken as i have been many times. i would discuss my concern with someone i trust and see if they could help me understand. if not, i'd follow my conscience and depend on god's grace to be sufficient for me. > i'm afraid i can't agree to that. i know the golden mean is an ancient philosophical idea back from antiquity, but it doesn't really make sense. is someone who is \ * too \ * kind to everyone cruel? a person is a finite being with finite resources. i am charged with taking care of my children. if i give all my money to every person i see that is in need, and spend all of my time building houses for homeless people i am neglecting my family, which is not only unwise, but cruel to them. on the contrary, if i love my children more than anything, and am determined for them to thrive, if i cheat other people's children to help my loved ones i am being cruel. in both scenarios compassion is driving me to cruelty. > is someone too full of " christian virtues " non - christian? it's possible if you focus on a single one of them at the expense of all the others. if i give away all i have, and if i deliver up my body to be burned, but have not love, i gain nothing. 1 corinthians 13 : 3 > yes that is correct. but my point remains : you parents caused you to believe killing is wrong, but your rationale for believing that isn't " parents taught me so ". in the same sense, your bible is ( partially ) responsible for causing you believe x is wrong, but ultimately you rationale for believing x is wrong should be based on empathy or something else, not " bible taught me so ". ok. but in almost every instance, my bible and my conscience are in agreement.
------
i've had a year of sex with a lot of different women all over the world. i'm a swinger and have been to large scale swing events with hundreds or thousands of people at one event. maybe i have a skewed view of women growing up in the usa, but from what i've seen, sex, good or not, is generally not sought out by most women. i probably also have super high standards for " liking sex " running with the play partners that i have. again, don't misunderstand, i'm not saying they hate good sex or they would rather roll in broken glass than have sex. i'm just saying they don't seek her out even when they have all the opportunities ( aka they are hot ) to have fun from most guys. it just seems not very important to them. they would rather go to a movie or dinner or to the club. many of the women want a pretty boy / muscular dude to be around and like the attention sex gets them, but they don't want sex. from what i've noticed most women tap out in 30 - 45 min tops, so i have to question how much they really enjoy it if they were done in such a short amount of time. i know some women can get into that time, but we aren't talking about a 4 hour train session, and most women don't seem to want to continue really anyway. as far as the jackhammer, it depends on how you do it, but i love to pound a cervix and like women who like that. i can do it in a way to focus more on your g spot. i can go deep and press in and hold it or lightly tap your cervix. there are all different ways. the russian wants you to pound her deep. its not just bothering me, but it is a mutually beneficial situation. she isn'r yelling " fick, bitch, fick " and slapping my hips because it isn't pleasing her. perhaps i'm associating women liking good sex with women that like sex the way i like it, but i have to assume she likes what she is doing or she wouldn't do it. she goes hard like that for hours. my gf in college that i mentioned had a great compatibility with me, but she would complain that all we did was fuck. if the sex is good ( i gave her the first orgasm she ever had and many more ), why wouldn't you want to have more of it? why complain about getting good sex and orgasms? only logical conclusion is that she really isn't into sex. it can't be that important to her, although i'm open to alternative explanations. if women like good sex, why don't they seek it out? why are single women less seen at events were sex is available such as at swing clubs? you would think it would be 50 / 50 men and women if sex were so important to women, no?
------
yes. light cannot possibly have mass for several reasons. there are a lot of complicated explanations, but the simplest ones i know are the following:
1. if photons had any mass at all, it would take an infinite amount of energy to accelerate them to light speed.
2. if photons had any mass at all, they would experience acceleration. they do not. they are simply always travelling at their top possible speed. they are never at rest, and never "speeding up". no photon is traveling any faster or slower than any other photon. massive things (of any size at all) must be accelerated in order to be going any particular speed.
3. photons cannot experience the passage of time. also, from the perspective of a photon, there is no such thing as distance. to a photon, it is emitted and absorbed in the same instant, and did not travel any distance. this seems impossibly strange and spooky to your common sense because we don't experience the universe in this way, but that's only because we're not moving that fast.
also, the evidence for gravity bending spacetime is quite convincing. we actually see it happening. we can measure it, and it's not even remotely controversial. you think of light as curving when it approaches something massive like a black hole, but the light is doing no such thing. light can not curve. light can only travel in a straight line. the light isn't curving, but the space it's traveling through is.
one pretty cool consequence of this is that you can stop thinking about black holes as something that pulls in everything and sucks it in like a giant magnet. it's not really doing that. what the black hole is actually doing is bending space so much that there is no path that leads out of it. the closer you are to the black hole, the fewer directions exist "away" from the black hole. once you're past the event horizon, no matter which direction you turn, every direction will lead toward the singularity at the center. even with infinite power to push your spaceship's engine, all you would be doing is pushing your spaceship closer to the singularity, because there is no direction that leads away from the singularity. forward, backward, side to side, it doesn't matter. it's all the same direction.
again, the way that gravity bends spacetime seems wild and impossible, but that's only because you are observing it from the inside. straight feels straight to you. the funny thing is, even that's not true. the space you occupy at this very moment is actually curved, due to the earth's gravity. it's not a very large curve at all, but it's there. space that is slightly less curved exists just a few miles above you.
------
ok fine, i'm going to let you all in on a big secret as fuck how to deal with these birds. first of all it's a fucking bird, you are bigger than this bird, don't be afraid of them, it's not a poisonous snake or a shark, it's a little bird, made out of feathers and cartilage. next thing to know, these birds attack in spring time and that's not when they are protecting their young, it's when they are on heat and trying to impress their bitches. ( i might be wrong about that but who cares, it makes no difference to the next point ). alright, here is what you do. when you see one of these birds eyeing you off getting ready to have a go at you, or if you got one already attacking you * * stop * *, stop what your'em doing, get off your bike, stop running, turn around and look that hawk directly in the eye and say with all your confidence - fuck off, fuck off or i will fucking destroy them and all your bird family and friends, this is your first and last warning, don't fuck with me - rule your ground, keep your head high and chest out to keep looking it in the eye, point your finger at it while your saying this stuff, let it know you mean business, let it know that you are our dominant species. take a few steps towards it with a fucking mean look on your face, just let the fucker know who's boss. walk or ride away a bit and then stop and go back to it again saying stuff like'i'm not joking, don ; t fuck with me bird'etc etc. ok, you get the point, don't want violence and throw stuff at it, just let it feel its ferocious human energy. i started doing this about 20 years ago, did it for about a year or two and never had a bird swoop on me since. in 1998 i burnt into the next generation of birds exactly where i stand and where they stand in this world, i am the mega alpha magpie and i dominate the flock, cause that's what today is right, it's a spring time dominance game that you will never win if you keep running or riding away from them. i want them to stop attacking you then you need to stop and assert dominance over them, once you have they will tell their children and their children will tell their children and so on until the end of time. sure maybe every blue moon you might get one eyeing you off thinking about having a swoop at you, but you'll just have to give them one mean look to remind them who the fuck you are and they quickly reconsider. use some of that'say my name'shit on them. that's it, try it out and i guarantee if you do it right you'll spend the rest of your life bird free. but don't ever try it on lions or crocodiles or any of those other massive animals that can rip your head off, cause that would just be stupid.
------
okay i'll try and be thorough. there are realistically 3 variables that affect how fatiguing something is and how hard it is to recover from. these are intensity, volume, frequency.
intensity is often referred to as a higher percentage, but a single at 80% is actually less intense for the body than a set of 5 at 75%. it's therefore more productive to think about intensity in an rpe- like way, or rir (reps in reserve).
using this scale, something is an rpe- 10 if you can have done no more reps, 9 if you could have been one more, 8 if 2 more, etc. it's subjective and takes a bit of practice, but is a good way to autoregulate intensity. the autoregulation is needed because throughout a training cycle you accumulate fatigue which makes the next sessions harder, for example 500x5 on monday may have been rpe- 8, but on friday is rpe10 because you haven't recovered. this is worsened on a cut because the reduced calories means you can recover less.
volume is used to describe either total number of sets, or total number of reps depending on your philosophy (evidence is beginning to show that *hard** sets- above rpe7 are roughly equal in causing hypertrophy between say 6-20 reps, so total reps is a useful measure but only if under 6 reps.
looking at volume, you need a certain amount to maintain muscle at any point. if your in a bulk this level is lower, for example your quads may need 8 sets per week to maintain their current muscle tissue. if you are in a cut, however, this number goes up, so you may need 12 sets now.
frequency is simply the number of times a week we do a lift or a type of movement "eg. bench, or 'horizontal push'). frequency some small effects, but effectively is to allow you to get more volume in. eg. most find it easier to do 3 sets of 10 3 different days than do 9 sets of 10 one day a week, and it's likely easier to recover from.
in a practical sense, your body recovers better from volume than it does from intensity, so within a cut pushing to rpe9/10 will be for the most part too fatiguing. this instead means the stimulus we give to our body to say "please retain that muscle i need it!" while on a cut is by upping the volume and keeping rpe between 6 and 8. now we run into the problem of that volume being too much for one session, as if you imagine trying to do a full weeks training in 1-2 sessions it would take forever and you'd be absolutely dead. by increasing the amount of times a week we train, and spreading the volume across those days with a higher frequency, each session is easier to recover from.
this means in a cut, for most, shorter sessions with lower intensity and more volume spread out over different sessions is a good way to retain muscle tissue, and the strength will come back later.
------
does it not do much or does it literally help calm you down?
not sure what to say about the first but the second part of the question is a question asked to me during my adhd screening.
along with that, if the more you drink the sleepier or "more zombie" like you feel that is also a symptom of adhd.
>i get a much better burst of energy by drinking, particularly while being constantly stimulated, such as while playing video games
yea, not saying you have adhd but you definitely might want to get screened.
- do you have hyperfocus on things you are super duper into? like nothing can break your focus on that one item? do you start playing video games and next thing you know its 5 hours later and you havent eaten, had anything to drink, or didnt go to the bathroom?
- do you jump from hobby to hobby? researching everything and buying all the kits/accessories/newest fad item in hobby community only to lose complete interest a few months later?
- do you sometimes wonder if you will ever find your "true" hobby that you can stick with?
- do you often feel the "filter" on your mouth is a second or two too slow? every tell yourself to stop saying something in the middle of saying it and cant stop?
- do you get overwhelmed by cleaning because you move from one cleaning task to another without getting anything done?
- do you make bad impulsive decisions when it comes to finances?
- do you space out when someone is talking to you but still understand what they said because its like you are superhuman when it comes to context clues?
- are your emotions, specifically anger and love, harder to control than your peers?
- are you told or feel you are immature because you cant do things like keep a clean house, not put your foot in your mouth, not stick to a budget, forget things you were told to do 10 minutes ago, procrastinate till the last second?
- do you do your best work under the gun when you are full of adrenaline?
- when problem solving do you have a hard time going from step a, to b, to c, ect but seem to be able to jump from a to z better than most around you?
- do your thought processes ever seem like they go "look at that cute squirrel, they like nuts, man i could go for a peanut butter jelly sandwich, its peanut butter jelly time, po-ta-toes boil em mash em stick em in a stew, fuck me i need to focus, just one more video, oh that looks like an interesting hobby, lets shop around amazon for 10 minutes and go back to work, fuck its 3 hours later."
- does it feel like you have 50 tv's and 50 radio stations playing through your head at once?
- lastly, [read this comment from a long time ago,](<url>) and see if you relate to it at all.
if you deal with a lot or even some of these you definitely might want to talk to a doctor about the issue.
------
background: when my wife was younger, before she and i met, she liked to use one website (not reddit) to role play scenes with characters, post nude pictures of herself, etc. she had previous partners who were okay with this (or didn't know the extent that she did it. idk.)
when we started dating, we set relationship boundaries. not posting naked pictures of herself was one of them.
when our relationship grew more serious, i wanted sexual role-play off the table as well. i asked her about it, and she lied. a lot. we eventually agreed that she would not use the website at all any more.
about a year or two later, she asks if she can use the site again, because she feels that she will have a healthy relationship with it. i find a few months in that she is sending and accepting nudes from a man, and role-playing sexual encounters herself (not just with characters). after a shouting match, we sort things out.
months pass, she asks to use another similar website. she promises me no sexual content. she decides she doesn't like the layout and mechanics of this website and drops it.
.
present: we got married, bought a house, and then my wife had to find another job. i'm providing about 90% of our income while we wait for her new paychecks to kick in. i haven't been able to afford my anti-anxiety and anti-depression medications for a few months, so i am an amorphous blob of a human who can barely get myself to do the minimum to provide that income to pay for our new mortgage.
she asked if she can be on (website) again because she is also stressed and feels that she has no other hobbies to put her energy into. i express my worried feelings, but tell her to set parameters for herself and to be open with me about her content. she is defensive, but agrees.
a few days have passed since that conversation. i discovered last night that she is role-playing sexual encounters (with characters). her website is pretty much nothing but "look at x sexy character from (movie), what would you do to him/her?!"
i am at a total loss. i have so many sides pulling at my mind and demanding attention that i don't know what actions to take. i am aware that i am not in the correct mental state to deal with this appropriately.
hurt part: we've rode this rodeo before, i'm not doing it again - tell her to get out, and wait to hear from a lawyer for the divorce papers. pack her a suitcase and leave it on the stoop with a note... or pack my own bag and disappear to a friend's house. this is, hands down, cheating behavior.
anxious part: i can't survive without her. i can't keep the house on my own. i depend on and love her. i should "help" her by setting very clear parameters ("her actions need to be controlled - she fucked up, so no more internet allowed, period." i recognize that this would be an inappropriate, and potentially abusive reaction. i won't let that tiny portion of my brain talk out loud.)
depressed part: maybe i did something to make her feel that her actions were okay/justified/normal. i don't even know if i have the energy and ability to confront her without going into a complete meltdown.
feminist/equal-rights part: everyone deserves to express the sexuality in whatever way makes them happy. maybe she needs to have a more sexually open relationship.
analytical/logical part: we set very clear boundaries on what actions are/are not appropriate, and she willingly and knowingly broke that. plain and simple. we need to sit down and have a calm discussion about why her actions were inappropriate to me, and why they are hurtful. this is, clearly, not cheating behavior.
optimist part: if we sit down and have a level-headed discussion (like the analytical part of my brain is saying), she will be able to set appropriate boundaries on her own and we will never have to have this discussion again. besides, it's not like she's actually sending nudes of herself this time... she's using characters.... is it *really* that big of a deal???
pessimist part: she obviously has no respect for me, we've *had* the calm, sit-down discussion before... twice. and look where we are... again... if she is willing to do this again, it will only be worse in the future because she will do bigger, more terrible things to hurt me. i ought to cut-and-run now.
.
questions: what part of my scrambled brain should i lean towards, if any?
i know her actions were inappropriate, but because of the mental state i am in, i feel like i can't recognize what "level" of inappropriate they were.... are we talking like a 1 or 2 level where a calm discussion is possible, or are we talking a 9 or 10 where possible divorce is on the table? and what even falls into the middle area???
.
tl;dr: my wife is using characters to role-play sexual encounters online. this has led to cheating behavior in the past. i am mad/sad/anxious/worried/furious/depressed. help.
------
you are completely two - faced on this issue. you are ok with the government punishing people if they are " trolls ", but not ok with this government stepping through a situation where obvious censorship of rational thoughts is taking place? there are congressional candidates running for office that are getting timeouts and bans. that's... election meddling. in a nutshell you're more worried about trolls than open discourse happening about the candidates who will be making decisions for america. " so are you saying i can say anything i want to say and just telling people i shouldn't be taken seriously makes it all okay? not how the world works regardless of political ideology. " it is how it works in a free society. are you not american? if not i understand why you wouldn't think this way. - - however - - there are consequences for saying terrible things and then trying to cover it by claiming it was fake - - you do that one time and people are going to stop taking you seriously, as they should, but censoring them opens our door to censoring everyone. i guess by my other point. he got fired for trying to be funny, and you idiots lost your shit over nothing and pushed for him to be fired. because you have no sense of humor about anything. you are now trying to differentiate between " ok sign " and " bad right wing troll sign " when they are the same thing. kinda like kids do with genders. you look at a boy and thinks he could be 58 different " genders ", everyone else who isn't mentally challenged looks at him and says, that's a boy. all in all, postmodernism has melted your brain to the point that you can't see things for what they are. i'll take a right - wing troll over a super serious leftist frothing at the mouth any day. you probably just suck all the fun out of life entirely, and made everything so complicated even jesus himself couldn't follow all the rules. odds are high that the guy was just trying to be funny and get a rise out of people, but now he can't serve his country because you people went insane over someone apparently showing " solidarity with trolls ", aka doing funny stuff that normal people would laugh at / with. last point. honestly? we need trolls right now in american politics. pc culture just completely destroyed real engagement in difficult discourse. people need to be free to say what they actually think - - trump won and no one thought he would, why is that? because 1 / 2 the country didn't want to tell anyone who they were really voting for, because they knew they'd be shunned.
------
this post in particular is referencing job recruiters at staffing firms, who are recruiting for companies other than their own. a few years ago i worked as a technical recruiter. she would receive job requisitions which detailed one position, these requisitions came from large tech companies. then as a recruiter it was my job to go on job boards such as indeed, monster, etc and look through information then find someone who would be a good fit for the position. we would call and email any and all potential candidates to get them to apply for the position through the staffing firm. that sounds good right? well this is where all good thoughts are thrown out the window. if one of the recruits gets the job, then their salary was through the staffing firm, not the company they are working at. this might differ between staffing firms but they have what are known as pay rates and base rates. the pay rate is what is listed on the job requisition form. this is what the company would roughly pay the recruit if they worked for the company directly ( maybe a little lower ). the base rate is the salary the recruiter tells you. the base rate is always less than then pay rate due to other fees and costs. that is standard. however recruiters are encouraged by their companies to get people into jobs are the lowest possible rate. furthermore the actual pay rate is never disclosed to the recruit. this is because the staffing firm and the recruiter earn the difference between the pay rate and base rate. the final straw for me was when one of my co - workers successfully recruited a veteran to a high paying position with a pay rate of < hr > 65 an hour. the recruiter convinced the recruit to take the job at < cur > 25 an hour. so for every hour the veteran worked the staffing agency would earn roughly < cur > 30. instead of reprimanding the recruiter for taking such blatant advantage of someone, the recruiter was paraded around the office in celebration. i'm sure since their are staffing firms that encourage more successful practices but their are also ones like what i described above. in conclusion, if you are ever contacted by a recruiter be very cautious and don't get drawn into their sweet talk. they will talk you up and make you think that they are your friend, but they just want jobs for money. so if you do take a job from a recruiter push for a higher salary and then do it a few more times. tl ; dnr : when working with recruiters be very careful as they will manipulate you and take advantage of you.
------
> having a human being demands the woman's body to keep the baby's body for 9 months ,theres is no human birth in this world that happens without a womb
this is completely irrelevant.
> also the abortion "rigth" is not and undeniable natural rigth ,is man-made choice
i'd be curious what right isn't a man-made choice but this is a red herring and also completely irrelevant.
> no woman can perform an abortion on her own means she needs always an outside force(pill,tool ,medical expert e.t.c)
completely irrelevant.
> we as society have put rules on what the caregiver can or cant do with a child ,the put rules about a mother being able "abort" the baby on its first 25th weeks(average most countries) after this period that choice is revoked(except for exceptional cases) even duh the baby is still on the womb.
two-fold problem here. one, you're equating legality with morality (it's amusing that you mention this right before talking about the worth of a person of color). the idea that the government can write a law that states that if you do not abort before the 25th week of pregnancy you no longer have the option and are subsequently reduced to a human incubator doesn't mean i agree with it. two, you're negating that the vast majority of abortions have already been determined as the option before the 25th week. there's no mass movement of women over 25wks pregnant demanding abortions.
> also as a society we made the choice once that the body of a person of color wasnt a human body or it had less worth than the body of a white person , we have fix that and move forward
irrelevant to the context. even if we grant a fetus every right afforded to you or i, that still doesn't give it the right to use the body of another against that person's will in order to survive.
> and i belive that we will move forward in the future by reconizing the body integrity of the baby from the 1st week not after the 25th
body integrity, i do not think that means what you think that means. it's the bodily integrity of the woman that's being violated, not the fetus. it is the body of the woman that's being used to sustain the life of another, not the fetus. i noticed that this concept has been explained to you multiple times in other comments but for some reason it's still not clicking.
> prevention not abortion
prevention is key, i agree. but this does not negate the ability to determine if another person can use your body in order to survive without your permission.
additional note: you forgot to provide your definition of abortion. it would help to understand where you're coming from if i understood what you think that word means.
------
no. actually i hate extremes. when people talk like trudeau and castro or harper is trump they are literally idiots. reality is northern canada the mulroney, chretien, martin, harper and now trudeau governments generally all have the same actual policies and things do not change very much.... except how society would naturally just progress over 3 decades. whenever someone argues with hysteria and pretends there is a massive divide in canada they are hurting our political debate. there is much to debate in britain, but for the most part canadians agree on what they want and the 3 / 4 / 5 parties literally disagree on mostly the details... not the entire basis of the system. bringing american politics into canada and trying to pretend they are similar is disingenuous. i mean the party's do it and the media does it and citizens do it. it is your natural thing to do. we are bombarded with it 24 / 7. however there is no actual substantial debate in canada about the public health care system existing, public schools, abortion, capital punishment and much more. we already decided these things in the 60's, 70's, 80's and 90's. those debates are over. in northern us there is a fight over public schools existing, over whether there should even really be substantial taxation is really an ideological battle. want an alternative. trudeau fighting for the pipeline. not his ideology but we have a shitload of oil and gas that needs to get to global market. trudeau and harper agree on 95 % of things and their visions for canada are quite similar. picking the two most recent figures that cause division and hystetia. there is still much to debate and solve within that 5 % though. the thing is we have figured out " canada ". it is crazy to say this when i grew up with many saying there is no canadian identity but that we are not americans.... but america has not figured out who they are. what they are as a society and what it means to be an american and what america is meant to be. america is in a political crisis bigger than any since the 60's. the post wwii america thought it knew what it was but it is clear that since the 40's and the end of the cold war that america does not know what they want and do not have a unifying vision. canada is unified. we know what we care about. we do not need to be drawn into the american debate about the role of government... we already figured that out. the more we bite into the american apple and forget we solved most of this to the satisfaction of 70 - 80 % of canadians and we do not need to fight over the past... we get to figure out a better future.
------
it started when i found a little pill capsule with a rolled up bag of white powder under my dads bed. i was playing hide and seek and climbed under the bed to hide. i had never heard of cocaine but i was 9 and curious. it wasn't labeled or anything but at that age i liked to suck on or eat anything i could. i had discovered that sugar was sweet and made me feel nice and sometimes i would sneak some out of the jar when my dad wasn't looking. i didn't realize at that age that eating mysterious white powder in a pill bottle was a bad idea. so i took a little bit and ate it. it tasted like shit. but after a while i started to feel really really good. it was like the sugar rush but 1000x more. i couldn't tell my dad that i ate his "sugar" so it was my little secret. then every day i would come back to my dads bed to take more and more of this magical powder that made me feel amazing. this went on until the bag was empty. there was probably 6 or 7 grams in the bag although it was a long time ago so i can't be sure. the point is i used it pretty consistently for months. when i realized i ran out of the magic powder i started to feel super irritable. my dad took me to consoling because my behavior was getting erratic. of course i never said anything about the magic powder.
it wasn't until i was 19 that i tried cocaine. i always had a theory that the "magic white stuff" from my childhood was cocaine but i never actually tried it until 19. the first time i used (knowingly) was like a wave of the most euphoric nostalgia i had ever felt. it was like orgasm x100. it was like meeting up with a long lost friend for the first time in years. i knew it was bad but i didn't care because it felt too good. i was heavily addicted for 13 years. lost many friends, jobs, and the trust of family, it was awful.
i'm now 7 years clean and never plan on doing it again. marijuana helped me get clean. every time i'd get an urge i'd smoke some sativa and it would make me forget about cocaine for a couple hours. i did this for a while and of course it was still a difficult process. weed really took the edge off and made it more bearable though and for that i am grateful.
i've shared my story with only a select few. i feel, however, that my story is an inspiration. if i could get over my addiction, so can you. it was the hardest fucking thing i've done in my life but i came out alive. i hope this inspires some people to get clean. i'm proud of myself every day. i promise you won't regret it.
------
i would like to talk about the case of rod reiss in this post, recently i have seen a lot of hatred towards him. however, i think it would also be important to remember that rod has a duty to fulfill as well in this story. yes, his thoughts may not be the same as the sc, perhaps rod reiss has great ideals as well, just like eren for example. the power handed down from generation to generation between the members of the reiss family was something sacred to him, something that needed to be protected and venerated at all costs. rod considers this power as the incarnation of god in this earth, something extremely sacred, which should not be blasphemed. when grisha attacked the reiss family, he not only soiled rod reiss's deepest beliefs she also slaughtered everything around him, he undermined rod reiss's very reason for living. i obviously condemn rod's attitude towards historia and her mother, he used historia for its interests, certainly not a religious reason but the question is : is he the only one to coerce people one way or the other in this universe? we have also seen livai to even hanji recently forcing people to act for their interests, but livai and the sc have not been blamed for their attitude by the fandom. we shouldn't forget i think that principles and values change according to people, and the sc certainly don't possess the absolute truth. in the same way rod, has principles and values which are from the sc, and it's also the case for other characters ( kenny, flegel, sannes ) no one can deny that rod reiss is attached to great things, to god, its omnipotence, to his sacred duty entrusted to him, and he wants to bring this god back to earth. without him the justice of this god, incarnated within the reiss family, is the good. we also know that rod wanted to save the humanity of the titans during his youth, the proof being that he was once cradled by the same ideals as the sc. however knowing the fact that the inheritors of this power possess the absolute truth, rod must have told himself that if the truth is owned by this person who's infinitely strong and powerful, and then they don't react, it will be because it's the right thing to do because humans are weak and ignorant while this " god " is strong and has an absolute knowledge of this world. it's also important for us to know how to put ourselves in the shoes of characters who think different than our main characters and we should try to understand their way of thinking, even if it doesn't correspond to our profound ideals. justice is not something that doesn't change. justice can be exercised in a variety ways depending on people, goals, beliefs and eras
------
hi, i would like the mods of reddit to delete this post after 2 weeks or so. i just feel the need inform all of you since you showed much interest.
if you don't remember/haven't read the original post, here it is:
<url>
as you see from title, my brother decided to end his life two days ago. i am his older brother, i am 23 years old while he was 20. that day, when he posted on reddit, he came to my house (i live in another city), and he decided to stay. we had a long talk, and i was trying to make him feel better, even though that was a hard thing to do. he also showed to me his post on reddit and told me how helpful you guys were, symphathetic and what not.
unfortunately the loss of his girlfriend completely destroyed him. he lost over 10 kgs in just approximately 1 month, he was simply refusing to eat, only a few meals here and there, and even though after some point he decided to seek for professional help, as you also guys suggested him, that didn't help him at all. i was trying my best. until the day he decided to do that he was living in my house, he took a huge break from university so he could focus on healing himself.
two days ago i was at work, and he was at home, as always. when i came back i saw something that i hope none of you ever experience in your lives.. he hanged himself. it hurts me saying that. it was rather unexpected. even though lately he was showing some warning signs to me, i never thought he would actually do that. about a week ago he decided to stop going to the psychologist that was taking care of him, and when i asked him for the reason, he said "it's just not needed anymore".
right next to his dead body there was a letter, and he actually said a bunch of things.he thanked my parents, me, and everyone who was supporting him till the last moment. even you guys. he said he was sorry and his last words were "tell mum and dad i love them. i can't keep up with this anymore. i am sorry. i love you".
i tried my best all those weeks to cheer him up, to go out with him and make him feel better, but he would always refuse. i don't blame him. losing someone you truly love and are in a relationship with for 7 years is not an easy thing. even more when you see that person getting killed right in front of you. i am in a complete shock, life was unfair to my brother, and he unfortunately couldn't make it. we were always so close to each other, and he was an amazing brother, an amazing person. it really sucks to say the least. i soemtimes feel it's my fault.
i felt the need to inform all of you since he posted here a couple of weeks ago and got a huge feedback. i want to say a big thanks on behalf of my brother and from me aswell. you guys are amazing.
thanks once again.
p.s: a few comments here are saying how this is fake, a made up story. if you think that's the case then it's ok. i am not here to argue or try to persuade any of you, but to rather inform you because a couple here showed much interest and genuinely tried to help my bro. sucks to say but things like this do happen, and experiencing such is awful.
as for the rest of you, thank you people for the nice words.
------
i actually ended up at act after doing cbt and liking some parts a lot, but finding that challenging my thoughts constantly was exhausting and not terribly productive. that was a problematic thing for me, as well, as i would either not be able to come up with anything or it'd be absurdly elaborate to a distracting point ( " visualize putting your negative thoughts in a box " " ok, so i have this post - apocalyptic underground bunker, its contents barely visible by the dim light of a single bulb pentrating a dusty haze filling the air. " ). but i haven't done much emdr personally, my therapist's position is that it mainly works by distracting you while providing exposure to whatever distressing topic you're working on. act efficacy is questionable in some respects such as for anxiety, but for some people it works really well, especially with ptsd. it may not be for you, but it's good you're open to trying things especially with how exhausting the process can be. act actually uses components of cbt, but the focus is more on disentagling yourself from your thoughts and feelings. rather than assuming a particular psychological state is one free of negative thoughts occuring, it posits that these thoughts are normal and that we can choose to act differently in spite of them. you might feel like garbage, but it doesn't mean you are garbage or have to act like garbage. for someone like me, this has been an extremely useful approach as i don't ever see being a full fan of myself but i want to keep improving and be good to those with your questionable taste of liking me. essentially identify your values and goals, work on not judging your thoughts as good or bad and accepting that change will occur, and learning to act according to your values and goals rather than reacting quickly and attempting to control your thoughts and feelings. also, it may be worth examining what other things could be triggering anxiety. sounds weird, but turned out i have a food allergy with a cardiovascular reaction that was causing constant anxiety along with panic attacks. i didn't take it seriously for a lengthy time but once it began to anaphylaxis and i eliminated the offender completely, my gad disappeared. taking vitamin d without also taking magnesium also results in tachycardia and palpitations for me. honestly i could go on more, but i'm wall of texting you already, haha . so definitely feel free to ask more questions if you have any! * edited for clarity regarding vitamin d and magnesium
------
depending on how they handle sylvari afterlives ( so far we only saw displaced sylvari spirits in the domain of the lost, however that seemed to be because of balthazar's shenanigans disrupting the realms ), we could see trahearne's spirit actually meeting and joining forces with glint. i imagine a tactical genius, scholar and fierce fighter such as trahearne would be a nice asset in glint's great war campaign against kralkatorrik and actually give us and trahearne real closure instead of us just meeting caladbolg's dream version of trahearne who was close to the real deal but not quite the one and only big t. : ) we've been told in hall to chains raid that dhuum has been feasting on some souls for quite three decades, and he apparently sent eaters of souls to different realms to gather magic for him, but with his sealing and the falls of the eaters there's no telling what might happen next. we saw gwen's spirit survive dhuum's onslaught, so theoretically other notable human spirits might've survived too, especially so that they're under new management ( still unsure this leads fissure of woe with balthy being gone, though, but that might be explored in a future raid ). and if dhuum never got to the other races'afterlives, we could theoretically meet any race's dead if anet deems it suitable for story. some rifts between tyria's land of the living and the mists form when mass deaths occur in this or that region as apparently collective soul magic and suffering cause imbalance. we also had the curious artifact eternal flame in citadel of flame explorable which allowed the recently dead to return to life before we destroyed it then banished gaheron's souls to the mists, so if any other such non - six gods artifacts ( presumably ) exist, who knows what shenanigans might occur. then there's the grenthian ritual as seen with alastia crow it allowed priests of grenth to summon a spirit to the land of the living for a while as well as attracting hostile mist entities with them. as long as kralky keeps opening rifts all over the place, theoretically any spirit could try passing over and would successfully do so for a short while until the rifts are closed as seen with snaff and eir. if we go into the mists themselves, then a whole world of possibilities opens for us as we've seen long - gone figures like primevals still keep fighting there, and seeing spirits who have been gone for over a decade ( like snaff ) being just fine... not sure if glint pulled his spirit from the domain of the lost or the asuran afterlife, but apparently there's some way for spirits to appear even when most go to their designated afterlives which aren't in contact ( as suggested by the bittersweet love story of the human and norn spirit who refused to move on in order to stay together in " the departing " ). and yes, it would be nice to see the narrative designers expand on the afterlife and spirit concepts in tyrian lore if they feel ambitious enough to tackle such. it's one of the more mysterious parts of the lore and has continued to be so since the writings about lord odran and his involvement with ghosts. : )
------
so i thought it was time to start raiding. i've been putting it off because i heard horror stories about the raiding community with words like "elitism" and "gatekeeping" thrown around but it couldn't be that bad, right? plus, i do dungeons and fractals a lot and pretty easily too so it shouldn't even be that hard, right?
well
day 1 - since spirit vale is the first raid, i figured that'd be the best place to start. in order to create a chill environment, i started my own squad instead of joining someone else's, made sure to include "all welcome" in the lfg to hopefully reduce the amount of un-chill doods.
the avengers eventually assemble and we get the ball rolling. it all goes well, we got to the first boss and took it down in 3 tries. it was a lot of fun too. group was awesome and everyone just showed up to have a good time. it seems my plan worked, unfortunately, i later found out i just got lucky with this bunch.
after the first boss, everyone leaves, and i mean everyone. i was confused, i thought "what's the point of doing a raid, if you only do one boss? why even bother if you're not going to do the whole thing?", little did i know, that's just how things are done, apparently. so i manage to round up another squad, we get the ball rolling but....
halfway to the second boss, the raid stops dead in it's tracks. everyone leaves, the commander stays to tell me the raid failed because of me. he points out that i don't that i don't have an elite spec, after explaining that i like using the base class, he just says "you can play what you want but no one will take you seriously. do go your hero points and come back. i don't ever want to see you in a raid off-meta again."
i could tell he meant well but i found the whole encounter very off-putting. he was probably right but i liked my build and i knew it inside and out, i didn't want to change it.
after failing to gather more squad members late at night, i decide one boss kill will have to be enough for me and gave up on finishing the raid. i considered it the day a failure at the time, but little did i know, this was the closest to success i'll ever get.
day 2 - i don't have pof but i noticed the new mystic forge raid allowed me to enter anyway. i giggled and decided to take advantage of this. got a squad together and after explaining my situation, the local mesmer portal'd me over the gap. we put in a good effort, came close but after the 4th try, everyone left. one guy stuck around to offer to buy me pof, i declined his offer, but he wasn't having it, invited me to his guild, sent me 250 gold and refused to take it back. i felt so bad for taking it but this guy was seriously just too nice. awesome guy.
sadly, we couldn't find any more members and the day ended in failure but i just couldn't be mad. shoutouts to him.
day 3 - tried mythwright gambit again, this time, i didn't even care about completing the raid, i'd be happy with a single kill. got a squad together and unfortunately, got a less than patient commander.
"base mesmer..."
i knew it was going to be a rough night. we tried once, wiped.
"mesmer, the chronos are out damaging you. step it up, bud"
i was about to say that i was sorry and that i'd try to do better, but then it turned into a less than friendly statement.
"this is your last chance"
well, i did step it up, we cut through the boss like butter this time, we got really close but one of our shield people didn't save shield for the clap and wiped.
i was feeling pretty good, i thought about typing "how was that?" but thought it might be best not to piss off the person who threatened to kick me from my own squad a moment ago.
but, somehow, i was still the problem. i guess base mesmer makes you an easy target or something but it's beyond bizarre to me that one person makes a mistake but i take the blame for it.
"why are you using boon food?" one member says
"what build are you?" another inquires
"must be something op" another answers for me
"why are we letting him in our group?" another asks
"just kick him and get chrono" one suggests
"mesmer, i thought you said you knew the fight?" the commander asks
i stayed quiet, i really didn't know what to say. the next fight started, we wiped again. commander ragequits, "learn mechanics next time, this is a big meme"
i had no idea what to make of that disaster. i know i was doing the fight correctly, but i got the blame for it because of my build. couldn't get more members, called it a night. day 3 ended in failure.
day 4 - the bug that allowed me to enter mythwright gambit had been fixed, i shrugged and did a different raid. got a squad together, and unfortunately, i got more folks with sticks up their asses.
"hey, you know that this guy is base mesmer, right?"
"is he an alt?"
"a guildie or a friend of someone?"
"not an alt, not a friend"
"base mesmer, you better not get us killed"
right off the bat, they hated me. i knew i was in for a bad time. the fight starts and the worst thing that could have possibly happened, happened. i disconnected.
"base mesmer left as soon as the fight started" one person said
"i dc'd" i respond
second attempt started, wiped again. i was the last man standing though and i held my own against the boss fight a good 10 seconds. so here i am, impressed with myself thinking that showed i was a good ally for surviving longer than anyone else. see, that's what i thought, but they still found a way to blame it on me and kicked me from my own squad that i put together. the squad that said "chill run - all welcome". i was pissed.
getting kicked from my own squad was the last straw, i was done. but i thought, there was no way, i was ending the day on that note, i needed a kill.
so i attempted the one thing i knew i could beat: vale guardian. got the squad together and they ended up being the most chill, awesome group ever. i don't know how many times we attempted it but we came very close on each attempt and were having a good time all the way. see, this is how the game should be: fun, so don't make it terrible for others because they aren't "good enough" for you. we had one member witha stick up his ass, he wasn't happy witht he way we were doing things. so one person tells him "you need to understand pugs won't be as organized. if you can't handle that, don't do pugs"
he left in a huff and we continued on. new guy was really nice and played music for us while we waited for one of our guys to come back online. our commander who was a total bro, eventually had to call it a night. we replace him with a chronomancer who we called "the goddess" because she seemed to have everything our group lacked, quite literally an answer to our prayers.
the fight starts and unfortunately, i'm thrown out of bounds and die instantly. i didn't even know that was a thing that could happen. but the goddess pulled through and we managed the kill. everyone laughed and said my sacrifice gave them the power to win. i had such a good time, i wasn't even mad, i loved these guys; they were the best group i've ever had. i considered the day a success. everyone leaves in good spirits. those guys were awesome, though the goddess whispered me "play another class next time". so i guess things could have gone very differently had we failed the kill with her.
conclusion: while those guys were really nice and the perfect group, i have good reason to believe i was extremely lucky to have an entire squad of chill doods and that in reality people like that are few and far between. like i said, getting kicked from my own squad was really the last straw and the nail in the coffin. i felt really disrespected and i wager that's not even the worst of it.
so with my two successful runs, i had an awesome time and my last run was made so good by the people i shared it with but i think it has to be just that, my last run.
i play games to have fun, those guys understood that but unfortunately, most don't and make the experience very un-fun. i've seen for myself that all those horror stories are true and aren't just the worst of the worst, this actually seems to be quite common.
it sucks that this is now content i'll never experience but it's just not worth it. thus ends the adventures of a first-time raider, now and forever.
------
i do, and i wrote off it a while ago : > trump is not a normal candidate. trump is a caudillo. which is troubling because trump is the first american caudillo. other nations know how to handle these people, america doesn't. > caudillos are men who hold vast power through : > a. economic > b. military > c. politically > d. socially > they gain power not from just real power, but imagined power. > lets take a very famous caudillo, maximino avila camacho. he used armed supporters to storm his own government offices for fun as minister, massive shows of wealth, and intimidation to give himself an air of power, specifically machismo power. > he took over the top spot from plutarco elias calles, who after being humiliated by being arrested and expelled from the nation to be with his sister, lost all his power. he wasn'n seen as the power house he was, because his image got tarnished. calles had real power, but the most important asset to him was imagined power. > he was " el jefe maximo " ( the new boss or the supreme leader ) now reduced to a confused old man being dragged out of his house to the middle of the night to go live with his sister in america because his ass got kicked out of his own country and everyone was cheering for it. > maximino was the same, never pushed the idea of a strong military man who still had it. > in reality, maximino was nothing more than a washed up old man trying to cling to his powerful image he held in early youth as a soldier. sure he had vast economic power and was friends with axel wenner gren, the richest man on the world at that point, but his power didn't come from his businesses. it came from his military history, and he was just an obese old guy with severe untreated diabetes and a bad bone in his leg. he was so frail he was advised against traveling at all, but he would never let that reality be known. > if the historians are to be believed, maximino was murdered by a silent man named miguel aleman valdes, a man who worked in espionage and his rival by poison, after maximino threatened to kill miguel. no boasting. no warnings. no threats. miguel just brought death to what people saw as the most powerful man in front of all his friends. > in the official story, he died stuffing his fat face with food in front of all his friends after threatening his political enemies. > neither of those scenarios are manly or dominant in the slightest and destroyed the image of maximino. he was no longer some untouchable demigod. > caudillos are men who typically prey upon the weak. the emasculated. the humiliated. the ones who took economic hits while others didn't. both of history's greatest examples are old men who can't even fight a toddler but their image makes them out to be manly men when they are impotent. > and weak men especially gravitate towards a caudillo who is almost guaranteed to be weak as well. they desperately form a shield wall around a caudillo and only do so because of image, in today's term " memery ". > the rule is the louder the caudillo, the weaker he is and more desperate are his even weaker supporters. > the only way to take down a caudillo is through humiliation so blatant not even his supporters can deny it. or if another caudillo declares literal war on him and wins. caudillos exist because their image makes them seem like demigods to people who look for what they think is power. you can attack their real power like businesses or voting record, but that isn't where their actual power lies. > so trump gained his appeal because he is rich and seen as in charge. weak people gravitated to what they see as a strong leader to help after feeling emasculated and powerless against the larger world. > the only way for trump to lose support is if he is shown to be broke, and powerless. meaning he wasn't some genius businessman, just a failed one. the mc hammer of the business world. which is why his tax records are guarded so well. > caudillos cannot be destroyed by facts or blunders. they can only be destroyed by striking at the very heart of their power, the image they cultivate for themselves. trump is using some very old social engineering going back centuries, and was previously only seen in spanish speaking countries. if caudillos become common in america, it will cause way more damage than it ever caused to latin america. and caudillos have killed a lot of futures and can easily destroy a nation for decades.
------
>you are completely two-faced on this issue.
actually, i would support classifying facebook as something akin to a common carrier, or perhaps creating a legal cause of action for people when facebook et al crosses certain lines. i also don't want pc culture to have too much say in these rules, because that might result in a certain loss of fairness like the culture the pc culture was born to fight back against created against them. so you are badly misjudging my position. and i don't hold this position out of any sympathy for your "troll" politics. what comes around goes around, and conservatives are facing the backlash from they themselves dished out. conservatives created the pc culture by creating a no rights environment for those that didn't tow their social ideological line. and now the conservatives are in danger of the same thing happening to them. it came around, it went around. now conservatives are demanding government protection of their rights from private entities, just like women and blacks did and got labeled a "protected class."
hence, i want fairness even if it's not for me specifically, and you benefit instead. and it's not because i give a rats ass about your politics, or your whining about those sjws violating your rights. it's just ironic, but you confused my ironic humor at your plight for being subjected to the same shit that created the sjws to mean i don't support fairness in facebooks censorship policies that benefits your political ideology.
>you are ok with the government punishing people if they are "trolls", but not ok with the government stepping into a situation where obvious censorship of rational thoughts is taking place?
wait, are you saying facebook is government? it's not, and their censorship has nothing to do with government.
>it is how it works in a free society.
no, not unless facebook is a government organization. in a totally free society facebook, being a non-governmental entity, is free to censor all they want in their own venue. just like freedom of the press doesn't mean you have to let reporters in your house. it's only government that can violate your rights, not private people who also have those same rights. the same way you can legally put a sign on your door that says "no blacks allowed inside." then people can legally say your an ass, and your boss can say we don't need you, go home. and that was what was done with minorities, female, black, whatever, and why those rules of free society got changed and granted them the legal status as a "protected class."
>he got fired for trying to be funny, and you idiots lost your shit over nothing and pushed for him to be fired.
i didn't push for him to be fired. but the fact remains he wasn't just being funny. that's like saying that walking in a black neighborhood yelling the n word is just being funny. of course he broke no law, because we live in a free country. but to say that because we live in a free country there can't be any consequences for your "legal" actions from other free people in the country is absurd.
>pc culture has almost destroyed real engagement in difficult discourse.
unfortunately there is a whole lot of truth to that. but the pc culture is no more asinine than the culture that insisted that denying blacks a seat on the front of the bus, or putting gay people in jail for sodomy, or engaging in voter suppression, or demanding they have the right to decide what people can do with their bodies even if it kills them, etc., etc.
however, you claim pc culture shuts down real engagement in discourse. what do you think the trolls that think what the coast guard guy is doing was just funny is doing? their not engaging in discourse, they are merely trolling for the lols. and shutting down engagement in discourse is just the biggest lol there is for them. and that's exactly why media companies are using the thinnest excuses to shut them down. not because they are right wing per se. and i have news for you. no matter what government protection you think you can get from facebook censorship it's not going to save the trolls from getting banned.
>last point. honestly? we need trolls right now in american politics. pc culture has almost destroyed real engagement in difficult discourse.
so what you are saying is that you need a losing strategy because "pc culture." i've been watching politics since watergate. the backlash effect from this is going to bite back so freaking hard you will not have an ass to shit from. trolls are empowering pc culture like you can't even begin to imagine. hur dur dur, look at those silly libtards freaking out over the "okay" symbol just like we baited them into doing! no. what just happened was it just got turned into a weapon against you, and a tool to radicalize more sjws. because major players don't really give a shit that it was a troll. if they can bend it to further their own agenda then what trolls? those are just racist neo-nazi assholes. just like trolls don't care as long as it furthers their agenda. and you think you won. but you'll know how mistaken you were soon enough. you're just unleashing and radicalizing sjws like never before.
------
this is an update to < url > to recap my last submission, i posted an album of creepy texts i'd recieved from men in my field ( computer engineering ). some from classmates and a ta in college, several from people i met through internships and professional development activities, and some i know through my current job. i had been so fed up with the sense of shame and being silenced and not believed, about sexual harassment. and, for what it's worth, putting a large collection of harassing and threatening texts in the public eye, raw and unedited, made them difficult to ignore or explain away. after that post, i got a meeting invitation from my company's hr department, for this monday. a lot happened over the weekend. i did a month of research into employment law, i read through the whole company emails again, and for each person i mentioned in my social media posts, i wrote out up a detailed account of their behavior towards me for my own reference, stuff that had not been said over text. i also screenshot and backed up any angry or threatening texts towards me, that i received that weekend from the men whose old texts i'd posted online. - - - - i think its worth giving some background on the four people included in my social media posts that i knew from my current job. ( coworker 1 ) a few months ago, i had reported him to hr for sexual harassment in the past, and he was moved off my team to another position in the company where he would not have any communications with me. he had signed a paper saying that he must not contact me at any reason, whether that is work related or not. i didn't sign anything during this process. the messages from him that i posted on facebook were old texts from him, to my personal phone. making a comment about how i looked nice at work, and how i must have been dressing up for him. i'd replied that i would not. he asked me who i was dressing up for at work, if not him. because then he'd know who to be jealous of. i said'myself'and told him to stop texting me on my personal phone. a few days later, he sent me a message telling me my new hair color looked " hot " and asking me to drinks. that was a small compilation of personal things he'd sent me, there was plenty more that i didn't post. i found out today that he was the one who showed hr my posts, as i understand it, he had assumed i had signed a similar no - contact agreement that he'd had to. i had not ever made that agreement, in writing or vocally. i'd just not been talking to him because i had no desire to. ( coworker 2 ) he was married, and in the office, he didn't seem to do anything out of line. he had my number since i would be traveling for work and wanted my team members to be able to contact me. ( we don't have work cell phones ) out of the blue, he texted me asking me to join him at a fancy seafood restaurant when i returned from my work trip. it sounded like a date. i texted back " uh you're married " and he said some shit about how nobody would have to know, and how i seemed like a girl who could keep a secret. i told him to fuck off. he was fired a week later for unrelated reasons, so while i'd been thinking about going to hr, i never did. i haven't heard from him since, even after my social media post. ( coworker 3 ) he was also married. one time i was at a work happy hour and i left pretty early. he texted me on my work instant messaging platform, which i have on my phone, asking me to go party with him. i asked " is your wife coming " and didn't get a response. i didn't think it was bad enough to report to hr as sexual harassment, because something usually has to be done repeatedly to qualify as harassment, unless it is something egregious. ( that was in the company handbook, in less concise words ) that text exchange was included in my post. after my post, he sent me a slew of threatening texts. apparently his wife had seen the post, and i had " ruined his family ". he said that i was about to " get what was coming 4 me real soon ", and to " watch out " which sounded like a threat. also called me a couple homophobic slurs. ( i'm openly bisexual ) ( coworker 4 ) he had just broken off an engagement. i didn't hear that from him, just through the rumor mill. he contacted me asking me if i wanted to go out, and i said that he wasn't really my type to date. he said that he wasn't looking for anything serious, just casual sex. i didn't reply for a few hours and then he sent me a second text saying " well then go ahead and be a bitch and leave me on read " since it happened outside of work, and was not any kind or repeated harassment, i also didn't think that it would be reasonable to bring it to hr unless i saw a pattern of similar behavior. he didn't contact me again, even after my post. - - - - - - as for people from past jobs, internships, or classes... my college contacted me about my old ta who had tried to hook up with me repeatedly, and stopped helping me with the course when it was clear he wasn't getting anywhere. they asked me if i'd give a statement. apparently he was still doing that shit, and someone else had reported him. and they saw from my post that i'd likely have something to report too. a married guy who tried to get with me when i was an intern at another company sent me some really angry and threatening texts, i have to figure my instagram post ( with his public instagram account tagged ) caused problems in his marriage. i definitely have been taking extra steps to stay safe when i'm leaving my apartment or going anywhere. i'm considering reporting this to the police because it was the most overtly threatening thing i've received. a few other people i tagged sent me texts telling me how shitty it was not to keep private conversations private, etc. i ignored all those. - - - - - as for what happened this morning, in my hr meeting... i was all ready to go in with ( metaphorical ) guns blazing, defend everything i'd said or done with sources from the company handbook. such as how i did not violate the company social media policy, as it only prohibited pretending to speak for the company as a whole if pr is not your job, or reveal confidential code or design or business contracts online. ( i didn't mention my company in my post, or anywhere else on my social media ) i was also ready to defend how i followed the guidelines of what is considered sexual harassment and should be reported. how i reported repeated harassment, but didn't report isolated incidents that were not extreme. ( the examples of extreme conduct included unwanted overtly sexual touching, or threats of violence. the handbook specifically mentioned that asking someone out once was not harassment ) but the meeting ended up being much more low - key than i had been expecting. i'd taken down both posts sunday, as an act of good faith, though i doubted that would matter much. when i went in, i sat down and asked if i could record the meeting. the hr representative ( i'll call her beth here but that's not her real name of course ) said ok. she wanted to talk about each of the specific people i'd posted screenshots from, who work at the company. ( those made up less than a third of my screenshots fyi ) first was coworker 1. the guy i had previously reported to hr and who had been moved to a different team and told that he must not speak to me or contact me. beth said that he had brought the posts to her attention, as he was under the impression that the " no contact " agreement went both ways. i reminded her that i had not entered into a written or verbal agreement. i was surprised it was him who brought it up, but i didn't say anything. she asked if there had been continued harassment or contact from him after my initial report. i said no. she moved on to the next quickly. coworker 2 had been fired a while back for unrelated reasons, but beth still asked if there had been any further conflict between us, while he was employed, other than the text messages. i said no. she asked me the same question about coworker 3. i told her that i had received texts from him on saturday, that came across as threatening, and used several slurs about my sexuality. i gave her a printout of those messages. she read them, and immediately stepped out to show them to her manager. she came back after a few minutes to continue talking with me. and again for coworker 4. i told her that he had not contacted me after he said i was a bitch for leaving him on read beth asked me if i had any questions, and i basically asked what her next steps would be. she said that she would have asked me to remove the posts so that things could be handled with discretion, however i had already removed both prior to the meeting. she also said that she would be meeting again with coworkers 1 and 4. she also said that due to coworker 3's threatening comments, he had been escorted out of the building while we had been speaking. fired. apparently he was already on record with them, for another issue relating to his temper, and this was the last straw. she also asked me why i had not brought coworkers 2, 3, and 4 to her attention before. and i cited the section on harassment from the company handbook, saying that harassment was repeated unwanted comments or actions. and that a single event is not usually considered harassment unless it is extreme. the conversations with those three men had been isolated incidents. she asked me if i would be more comfortable taking a personal day for the rest of the day, while she speaks to coworkers 1 and 4. she said she wanted to make it clear that i was not being dismissed or escorted out, i was not getting fired, it was only a precaution so that i would not be around coworkers 1 and 4, in case either of them wanted to confront me personally. i said i would. so that's where i'm at right now. tldr - had the meeting with hr.
------
that is a great start! the eye primer is not to cover your freckles, it's to make sure your liner and shadow don't smear everywhere and become patchy. because the inner folds of the lid rub so much even the waterproof pencils will do that quite often without primer. so you have to make sure to rub the primer absolutely everywhere the eyeliner will go. i hope you also bought a waterproof pencil. i use either urban decay 24 / 7 or l'oreal infallible and even those are bad without primer but work well using primer. i've also heard great things about the nyx slide on pencils but never tried them. i actually don't think the freckles on your lid are that prominent. try and see if they should bother you after you've applied makeup for a while. i let my freckles fall through my foundation and it makes me more youthful looking ( i use a dewy sheer base ). there are shimmery eye primers but also basic ones that shouldn't show at all. so one key point to making our eyes look bigger is having it darker on the outer corner and lighter on the inner. if you add eyeliner along the upper lash line anyone will see that the liner does not show but does define your eyes and makes your lashes look thicker. i thicken up each line toward the outer corner and bring it higher so just a little shows like normal liner and so the outer surface is quite defines, and the line gets thinner toward the middle of the eye. the darker shadow is a bit in an extension of that idea. if you pat it on with a small brush ( all your brushes should be small since our eyes are small so yes our makeup should be scaled miniature to our eyes so we don't look clownish ) with your eyes open you can bring it out just below your eye socket. if you press your lid with your finger you can feel your eyeball and where the socket ends. i never bring my hair work natural eyeshadow all the way up to the end of the socket / eyeball. i brush a little matte dark eyeshadow there. then for the rest of the lid, i use a shimmery coppery colour or orangey or something like toasted. the important thing is to blend the darker colour with the lighter really well and you shouldn't see a stark line where the eyes ##hadow ends and the skin begins. so i apply the eyeshadow maybe to the lower half of the eyelid ( ie not all the way up to the edge of the eye socket ) so it still shows when my eyes are open in a thick kind of rim, then make sure to blend it out so that it does end up covering my whole lid but kind of diffuses out to my skin. always darker and higher on outer and lower and lighter on inner. lots of people with our eyes do a cat flick but i find that a puppy dog liner style makes my eyes bigger, especially if i fill in that little outer corner with the pencil liner. no contest with my eyes. to start with, i would use sheerer, less pigmented shadows that are closer to your skin tone until you are comfortable with eyeshadow application. go crazy with your eyeliner instead. one fun thing to do is apply your dark defining just to define your lash line then apply a fun eyeliner on top so it shows ( always thicker to the outside thinner to the inner corner ) like a glittery one or a bright one. i would go to the drugstore and experiment with on sale / cheaper quads and duos in a different undertone, finish, colour family etc. or ask a friend to try out their collections. i have lent many of my palettes out to friends or just had them come over and we've tried different things on them. that way you can learn what flatters you. i have expensive brushes, too faced and lancome and urban decay and others, but i am just as happy with elf and joe fresh brushes.
------
firstly, thanks for your measured response. the total of 18 - 30 minutes you outline is reasonable, however that's the total time the customer spends at the restaurant, not the actual length fo interaction the waiter has with customers. i. e. your waiter is not waiting next to your table when the burger is being made and when you're eating, they would be very creepy and a waste of their time. like i said, my example was a best case scenario where it were not in a very busy situation where you're in a rush and every table is filled and requesting attention. because in that case, absolutely, the waiter is losing on the potential to make more money with other people. so unless that's the case, you're not costing the waiter money, you're just not matching their expectations. firstly, i feel like i need to re - iterate that this is in a situation where you do not have to juggle as many customers as you physically can, which is always the time when i go eat because i don't enjoy very busy places. i think you will take with me that restaurants have very defined " busy " hours. op did not specify that he did go during a busy time, so i think it's unfair to default to the worst possible situation for a non - tipper as the baseline example, because it's obvious. i made my example very narrow on purpose for a reason. i. e. in some cases i don't think it's an asshole thing to not tip if you have the audacity to order a simple item and not request anymore than a total of around 5 - 10 minutes of actual attention from a waiter. definitely does not justify verbal abuse. i wouldn't have a person work in my home for free because it just can't happen, they have proper work conditions and you'll get sued if you try to pull a fast one because that would be illegal. i've worked plenty of minimum wage slave jobs that treat you like shit, customers themselves, and had absolutely no expectation ( or even the right ) for a tip because society doesn't expect them to be tipped. apparently everyone still used my service without a second thought. we enjoy so many things without tipping the people who make it possible, that i find it really weird how immense the backlash was for this opportunity i have ; i think it has to do with the fact that the only people answering and food service workers and they take it very personally. when i used to work at home depot i would operate a saw for 8 hour shifts for a bunch of customers who had very specific demands, all of that for minimum wage and no benefits. do note that where i live the minimum wage for tip workers is around 20 % less than the actual minimum wage, so my opinion is inherently based on those numbers.
------
* * edited for readability * * i'm so. fucking. sorry. no guy should ever have to live through that. for any reason. if i could, i'd hug you... obviously you'd have to approve and since we've never met it'd probably be totes awkward. but, fuck it. you're a human. i'm a human. regardless of god, allah, jesus, it the fsm, to some greater than zero degree, you're pain is my suffering because we're neighbors or we share this world together, and i hate unnecessary suffering. so, if i could snap my fingers and remove your pain, i'd do it in a second. please know, your suffering brings me sorrow, not because i can do a damned things about it or that i somehow think you need anything from me - because i know you don't. it brings me sorrow because you're suffering was brought about from abject, bald faced, cruel stupidity, and it didn't have to happen. years of your life were spent fixing damaging thoughts taught to you. that is fucking horrible. i'm grateful you've found ways to grow out of it, because may your blessings continue. regarding the prosperity gospel, i don't think i've defended it one bit. never have i stated that it's good, worthwhile, or provided an important and useful role in the lives of the people following it. it doesn't. it's a mean and cruel sham. i simply was arguing that it provided faith and that something was a promise. i don't think those prosperity pastors will keep their promises and i don't think for one second they carry the true word of redemption. even if people don't like, i have this acknowledge that they may provide a promise for people who believe that promise, and sometimes it might be all that keeps them going and sometimes it gives them a purpose. i'm not so knowledgeable, so worldly, or wise, that i would take someone's most important thing from them ( that promise of salvation ), and i'm not so arrogant as to tell them about their experiences of their reality. whether or not i agree with it, i'll listen and hope they get what's important to them, that nothing that keeps them striving when maybe nothing else will. i have pity for the people who've been lied to. as i understand their god, the one that they believe in, he will take care of them. i want them to be taken care of. as to their pastors and religious leaders, they should be shown as frauds immediately and send directly to jail. they should be forced to live a life of poverty and public service, until they've worked off every dollar they conned from people with true faith. i have no respect for them. they have no right to preach of jesus and ask anything if their parish, except possibly forgiveness but not before penance. as to me, i don't follow a theology. i was raised catholic, and i ended that as soon as possible, for every reason that every other recovering catholic chose to leave. i could never reconcile a prophet of love ( the big j ) condemning anyone to eternal suffering, especially for trivial things like : religious faith, gender identity, political affiliation, and such. the hypocrisy was obvious and i wouldn't be a part of it. if i have any trace amount of piety, or religiousness then it's most likely due to old lessons from old times in memories long dormant. i have thought often of christianity and at its core, at least as i see ( even if no one else does ), it's kinda fucking beautiful : love your neighbor as yourself. that's it. the old testament shouldn't even be permitted in christianity since it was all before christ. that shit is full of nastiness, hate, and fear mongering. the old testament is some straight up bullshit. and, the new testament could have almost been written as : love your neighbor as yourself. but again, this is my interpretation - and i'm stupid when it comes to the complexities of theological studies ( because really, what's the point? ). i will admit to trying to live as jesus did... to a degree. i obviously am not the son of god, so i've gotta pay taxes, support my son, and i've got to have a job for this. without doubt, i can't throw it all away right now and walk the world just asking people to be good to their neighbors. so... i fail everyday at loving my neighbors but i try... and some neighbors i'll try loving again tomorrow but not today - because they passed me off. i am petty, and selfish, and human, and have limits - but i don't hold it against myself. i just keep trying, because i'd rather fail at helping the world be a better place then not. honestly, i'd be this way without jesus anyway. i don't ask god for much, maybe 15 times in my life. mostly, if there's a god i assume he / she had much better things to do than worry about me. so i let god be god and i let me be me and perhaps the two shall never meet - and that's alright. why wait for god to make my life better right? lastly, i once heard that god was everywhere. if so, that meant i never had to go to church again and listen to ignorantly learned fools discuss the intricacies of mark and yet miss the whole fucking point of the whole fucking thing : love your neighbors as yourself. c'est la vie...
------
for those who don't want to follow the twitter rabbithole:
> declaration of julie swetnick
> i, julie swetnick, declare as follows:
> \8. i observed brett kavanaugh drink excessively at many of these parties and engage in abusive and physically aggressive behavior toward girls, including pressing girls against him without their consent, "grinding" against girls, and attempting to remove or shift girls' clothing to expose private body parts. i likewise observed him be verbally abusive towards girls by making crude sexual comments to them that were designed to demean, humiliate and embarrass them. i often witnessed brett kavanaugh speak in a demeaning manner about girls in general as well as specific girls by name. i also witnessed brett kavanaugh behave as a "mean drunk" on many occassions at these parties.
> \9. i have been told by other women that this conduct also occurred during the summer months in ocean city, maryland on numerous occasions. i also witnessed such conduct on one occasion in ocean city, maryland during "beach week."
> . i have reviewed brett kavanaugh's recent claim on fox news regarding his alleged "innocence" during his high school years and lack of sexual activity. this claim is absolutely false and a lie. i witnessed brett kavanaugh consistently engage in excessive drinking and inappropriate contact of a sexual nature with women during the early 1980s.
> . during the years 1981-82, i became aware of efforts by mark judge, brett kavanaugh and others to "spike" the "punch" at house parties i attended with drugs and/or grain alcohol so as to cause girls to lose their inhibitions and their ability to say "no." this caused me to make an effort to purposely avoid the "punch" at these parties. i witnessed efforts by mark judge, brett kavanaugh and others to "target" particular girls so they could be taken advantage of; it was usually a girl that was especially vulnerable because she was alone at the party or shy.
>
. i also witnessed efforts by mark judge, brett kavanaugh and others to cause girls to become inebriated and disoriented so they could then be "gang raped" in a side room or bedroom by a "train" of numerous boys. i have a firm recollection of seeing boys lined up outside rooms at many of these parties waiting for their "turn" with a girl inside the room. these boys included mark judge and brett kavanaugh.
> . in approximately 1982, i became the victim of one of these "gang" or "train" rapes where mark judge and brett kavanaugh were present. shortly after the incident, i shared what had transpired with at least two other people. during the incident, i was incapacitated without my consent and unable to fight off the boys raping me. i believe i was drugged using quaaludes or something similar placed in what i was drinking.
>
. i am aware of other witnesses that can attest to the truthfulness of each of the statements above.
> i declare, under penalty of perjury and under the laws of the united states of america, that the foregoing is true and correct. i have executed this declaration on september 25, 2018.
------
> black death. well, only god knows the whole truth, and it is likely a combination of both human activity and divine providence. as a believer, i know that god is often hardest on his own believers, like a father is harder on his own children. his goal is to keep people humble and grateful to be alive. the proud and arrogant are not ready for heaven. those who have been given the truth bear a greater obligation. > islam is not some transcedant society, why would it otherwise keep christians around i understand that is your opinion, but the pattern of 1400 years from mohammed until isis is very clear to me. the greatest evils come cloaked in goodness. wolves in sheeps clothing. christians were used and abused as islamic slaves since the beginning of islam. mohammed's favorite male slave was a coptic chrisitian named mary. islam is parasitic and is not prone to produce children. saudi church laments this today. despite all their gifts of oil, they have to import everything. > nothing was secular. that's a broad brush fallacy. the church itself had no civil workers or authority. they were like the judicial branch of that time. the monarchs were the civil authority. they sought the church's blessing, but had no chain of authority. > china university citation needs. > roads of rome. i know this is a lot to take, but as a believer now, i see this as divine providence. god taught the greeks to lay an intellectual foundation of reason, and the romans to lay roads. this set the stage for christ to arrive. both were unprecedented and amazing events of history. the greeks also laid linguistic and logical infrastructure all the way to india ( i. e. alexander the great ). god avoids interfering in free will, but he does provide gifts and abilities to people, while steering mankind's evil to suit a greater purpose. he managed to do it subtly under the nose of its enemy satan, who has been the prince of this world. the catholic church in rome was prophecized since 2nd book of daniel around 500 bc. that prophet said that the 4th empire that ruled over the jews would become the enduring seat of god's kingom on earth. the first 3 empires were the babylonians, persians and greeks. the 4th was the roman empire. it crucified christ, so as predicted, it crumbled under the rock of god ( peter ). it took about 300 men, but the church turned the roman empire upside - down with love and charity. > genocide of everybody. it looks like you've imbibed the propoganda hook line and sinker. there are more descendants of aztecs today then there would have been without the spanish. cortez allied with the surrounding tribes to defeat their demonic leaders. do you think he could do that all by himself from ships after travelling around the world? he was a great hero, leader and liberator. war is messy, and there were some spanish war criminals, but those cases are minuscule compared to the demonic culture that the aztecs were running for centuries.
------
u/makermuppermaster came up with a good list of all of the reasons people have for thinking he's a scumbag. here's a copy of it:
we should make a compilation of musk being an utter asshole so that this mindless worshipping finally stops.
i'll start, anyone can add examples:
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
<url>
/u/tsmfanboynr1
i'm not sure how to pack this into a picture, but he's also one of the largest donors for a house republican pac
and those aren't even moderates. kevin mccarthy for example is a climate change denier: <url>
musk also donates to democrats (he donates far more to republicans though), but his donations to democrats are to a large part to right-wing democrats (diane feinstein and bill nelson among them) to assist in driving the party to the right. bill nelson is the same guy who described single-payer as being "too good of a deal for the american people".
/u/hogron555
add this. this is from his first wife: <url>
/u/onmyouza
let me add another one:
i attended a dinner discussion a few years ago in atherton featuring larry page and elon musk. a small group of silicon valley technology leaders attended. i felt out of my depth, but forced myself to ask a question that might elicit patronizing glances. it did.
what would it take to get visionaries like them deeply engaged in the real problems of humanity -- poverty, mass incarceration, violence against women -- that, because of market failures, don't offer much money to their solvers?
i was expecting them to discuss market-based solutions, prizes like those the x prize foundation and innocentive are putting up. prize models have worked well to divert private capital to public solutions, like vaccines.
instead, elon looked at me with a grin and said, "i'm not sure poverty is such a problem. i grew up in south africa and now live near beverly hills. the housewives in my neighborhood are certainly more miserable than the kids i saw playing in the townships growing up. it's relative."
i was so shaken by the absurdity and apocryphal nature of his comments that i didn't respond for a few minutes. to his credit, larry did, laughing and pointing out how wrong his friend was. study after study has demonstrated, through methods like cortisol testing and massive surveys, that suffering from poverty is only relative above a certain baseline -- below this baseline, poverty absolutely causes human suffering. denying this basic fact is denying the human worth of several billion people on our planet.
source:
<url>
/u/wonderfuladventure
hey dude, you should include when musk stole some guy's art for one of his products and then said "it would be lame if you sued" seeing as he was apparently giving the artist more exposure. he's psychotic
------
i have poor quality sleep due to a chronic illness/genetic disorder that causes frequent spontaneous joint injury and recurrent acute pain. i was complaining about my sleep quality and that's actually how i finally got diagnosed with the adhd. i'd been talking to my psych about adhd for a long time and i was boarderline for meeting dsm criteria. getting a diagnosis as an adult is harder in general. they were really hung up on my childhood history. i didn't have any physical hyperactivity symptoms as a child - but my doctor now suspects this is because i had issues with peripheral palsy. as an adult the hyperactivity has gotten worse, i managed to re-dislocate a knee while it was inside an ortho boot, because not fidgeting my leg mentally hurt my brain more than fidgeting my leg actually hurt my knee.
the sleep study at the hospital was completely inconclusive, i have cataplexy so they were expecting a narcoleptic sleep pattern but it was more in line with generic "painsomnia". however my symptoms still align with n&c, so i have to get a 5 day study at some point (on a waiting list, public healthcare so it takes a while) however it was in line with the "i don't sleep, i pass out from exhaustion after 34 hours" lots of people with adhd experience.
it finally explained why i seem to run on a 28 hour circadian rhythm not a 24 hour.
i sleep really well if i just adjust my day to carry over into the next day like there are 28 hours in the day. then sunday is like a leap year in terms of keeping time.
for me the worst symptoms are the social ones. i hate when i finish a conversation with a friend and i was active in the conversation but 2 seconds after we stop talking i can't remember a thing that was said and it all feels like a dream.
or worse still, i'm an asshole because of how often i interrupt and cut people off and i hate myself and that's the one thing i'm constantly trying to work on.
of course, loosing my most important shit drives me up the wall too. i just moved house and i put my old house keys in a basket on the new mantle so i'd know exactly where they are, but are they there now? of course not. i have no idea where they are, i've turned the new place upside down, i've unpacked all the boxes, i'm in so much pain from my physical condition trying to find these damn keys... i've got to give them to the old property manager tomorrow or i'm in serious legal trouble. my partner remembers me putting them in the basket and even saying "i'm putting my keys here for tuesday, ok babe" and he can't find them either, and he can't remember seeing me go grab them after that.
------
i think ford using the nonwithstanding clause to ram through legislation that was never discussed on the campaign trail and which was found unconstitutional, while claiming he would do it again whenever he wants to would be a bit different than trudeau using disallownace at the request of the currently legitimate and duly elected toronto city council to stop the violation of peoples rights. if trudeau was clear he was only using disallowance to protect the rights of the citizens of toronto/ontario after they asked for it and specifically because the courts had ruled against ford, it would be a very different situation. provinces that really have a bone to pick with trudeau might put up a fuss, but ford is blowing all precedent out of the water and saying he will use a rarely used constitutional power in a whole new way and as much as possible, while trudeau would be laying out very specific limits to his usage, and provided other provinces weren't planning on passing charter violating legislation, using s33, and then having the stakeholders of that case petition the federal government, then well, they'd have nothing to worry about. and i sincerely hope that most other provinces aren't currently planning to do that (and if they are, it's honestly all the more reason for the federal government to act).
in particular, he could claim that his usage of the disallowance power was specifically in relation to this unprecedented violation of peoples charter rights. nobody should want to see using s33 to bulldoze through the court system and violate peoples rights on such an insignificant thing as the number of councillors become precedent and common, and again, ford has signaled he will continue to use as needed if he faces resistance from the courts. that's an absolutely terrible precedent to set, and not at all what s33 was originally designed for. as you said, the provinces may be concerned by trudeau superseding the legislative powers of provinces over the number of city councillors in toronto, but again, i believe trudeau's actions could be very limited and clear, and all of us should not take it well for the premier of a province to supercede the charter rights of citizens over the number of city councillors in toronto.
people below have disagreed that there is the potential for a constitutional crisis, but i think it's no so much this particular act, but the change of convention in relation to s33 that is a danger constitutionally. you could argue that at least in the short run, using disallowance would only inflame a constitutional crisis, but again, from the bigger picture i think an argument could be made that it would work towards resolving it by clarifying that the misuse of the nonwithstanding clause is not acceptable. it should be used only in serious situations of great public interest when absolutely necessary, and a hell of a lot more thought and rationale should go into the violation of our basic rights than "it'd save a tiny fraction of the budget (maybe) and technically legally i can do it".
would it be damaging for trudeau to do it? that i don't know. i think phrased the way i put it (especially with scheer's "well, you have the legal right to do it" support) it would turn out well for trudeau if he won out, but it would of course be an enormous risk and i significant doubts the liberals would be interested in running that risk.
------
>but information was provided for everybody through the same channels, only some people acted on it and some didnt. thats >not the faiure of the market, thats the failure of the participant.
it doesn't work like that. either everyone has the same information at the **same time** or they don't. the sum of participant behavior is the market, so a market has failed if the participants make bad decisions. that's literally the definition of market failure.
>even if anet would have put a banner right across the screen when you log in after the patch that you will need 25 sigils to >complete the armor collection, it wouldnt have made a difference to the prices they currently have.
it would have with sufficient notice and supply. the other part of the problem is that the gw2 market violates the principle that no one person should be able to personally shift the market price.
>anyways, i would be interested in your opinion, what you think would have been the right and the wrong decision for a >market participant in this scenario.
correct ethical decision: buy 25 sigils immediately.
correct amoral decision: buy as many sigils as possible, immediately.
>from your comments i gather that you think that those speculators are bad for the free market and their actions are morally >questionable. i cant deny that many other users may agree with you but i dont.
>those speculators were willing to pay more than the vendor, when the majority of the player base would just sell these items >to the vendor and destroy it.
this actually has a great analogy to people who charge <cur>10 for batteries in a hurricane, which is illegal in some places as price gouging, and some economists cheer for. evaluating it takes a bit of nuance. anyone who has kept a bank full of these sigils waiting for their time to shine has actually helped everyone, and should be rewarded for their contribution to the community with piles of gold. but there are also plenty of people who saw the requirements, thought, "well, no one should be allowed to have fun without paying me first," and bought existing sell orders to relist them. they contributed zero additional sigils to the market, they simply used liquid capital to step in and parasitically drain money from others.
>if something doesnt work for your ability level, it can act as incentive to raise your ability level. if all participants, regardless of their abilities get the same return, why would anybody bother to raise it?
it's a game. it is supposed to be fun, not an ayn rand dystopia where a handful of elitists sit on golden thrones and laugh at the peasants below. moreover, the game is saving tyria from the dragons, not trading materials futures. anet should not put their next set of armor behind people proving they can run a 8 minute mile irl either, because while every person without a diagnosed medical condition should be able to run that fast, it's a stupid distraction from having fun engaging with the game's main mechanics.
besides, if we define something as 'good' regardless of consequences, the term means nothing. "well, sure, this medical treatment fails 99.9999% of the time, but that's just because most people don't have enough grit!" is a self-evidently wrong thing to say. this is the same thing.
------
> dude won mvp last split, and was indisputably the best support this split.
first half is fact, second half not so much. using mvp votes and all pro votes is flawed when you consider the voters. usually whenever "media" gets votes on these type of things, the accuracy of these things goes down considerably since there are people who vote on it that can't even name the starting rosters for all 10 teams. this summer split, i would default say aphro as probably the top support, but that's mainly due to na having a terrible split for supports. mainly because there was so much turnover for supports this split. i would not go so far as to say aphro is head and shoulders above every other support this split and i'm not even really sold that he's the #1 outside of winning by default.
struggling to find some of your other comments that was making me believe you were just being an aphro fanboy. finding plenty with 100t coaching though. you're using a flawed logic by trying to make it seem as if 100t coaching is trying to do what the can to be the best team possible.
fact - 100t decided to sub out ssumday and meteos for rift rivals (1st international experience for the org btw) when their roster was 2nd in spring split.
this directly caused meteos to ask questions about his long term future on the team and then to ask other teams for a backup plan if/when levi was brought in to replace him. 100t decided that meant meteos wasn't fully bought in so traded him for a clear downgrade. i don't disagree with trading away a player you don't think has bought in, but the entire situation was caused due to coaching/player mismanagement. they also didn't seem to really try to negotiate for a decent trade. seems like they specifically targeted teams that were near the bottom of the league for the best deal they could get now. that way they don't have to risk helping a potential playoff/worlds competitor.
cody sun - seems like another mismanagement type of situation. one day before semi finals you make the decision and inform the players involved. basically no scrim or practice time and they don't even bring him into the studio as a potential sub in. could have been handled much, much better. seeing what they did at rift rivals, this doesn't come off to me as a team that wants to win.
unfortunately i don't have more time to delve more into this - hope it doesn't come off as too erratic. typed in increments while at work. not even sure if you'll read all of this since i'm apparently just an "immature person on reddit" since i called you out for having flawed logic because of your obvious biases and trying to defend bone headed decision making.
------
given how most of the issues that men should worry about are mainly social and job discrimination, as well as false rape / sexual assault allegations and kangaroo courts, as a committed mra, quite frankly, focusing on male circumcision seems counterproductive. one of the worst parts of the anti - circumcision posts is that they often attract complaints of anti - semitism or anti - semites who just hate anything " jewish. " however, i don't doubt that the topic does affect good natured people as well. i'm a jew ( and a real one, not an " internet jew " or an " as - a jew ", if you look into my post history on another subreddit ) and i'm embarrassed by how many jewish feminist columnists / talking - heads there are, but they don't represent jewry or judaism, and there are many redpilled jews : just go to shapiro's daily wire, a pro - mra site on due process issues. why does intactivism talk attract allegations of anti - semitism? supporters of circumcision point to how reputable studies in america ( where the rest of the world wishes they could study / research ) that predate and post - date hussein obama have found health benefits and negligible / none effect on sexual performance / feeling. see * [ here ] ( < url > ) * [ more ] ( < url > ) * [ even more ] ( < url > ) unless you discount all of this or have good ideas, there is not much reason for being against circumcision or making it a big mra issue. many jews figure that given how much empirical evidence society is about male circumcision, the only reason one could oppose it, in light of these studies that show benefits of circumcision, is because of hate of things jewish or belief that the jews were everything in america and thus the studies are lying. also, there is no valid argument that male circumcision approaches female mutilation ( aka female " homosexuality " ) which does elminate sexual pleasure. and yes, the media has many jews. many of the wealthy and political in this country are jews. does the mra wanna risk their ire? also, many jews who are on the fence or cannot yet serious about mra will be turned off to the movement the second they hear / see all the anti - ci ##rcumcision stuff. we should want jews in our ranks ; they have been cast out by the american left ; that's why its no longer " minorities " but " people of color ; " that's why " palestine " is the contemporary american left's favorite foreign policy issue. ending false rape allegations and kangaroo courts being funded with tax dollars, stopping the criminalization of getting tail, ending the promotion of effeminate soyboys as some kind of new " non - toxic masculinity, " disabusing society of the idea that a girl being drunk negates consent, ending " always believe the accuser, " etc. ought to be the top priorities. they are the top threats to men getting ahead and living our destiny. i know i'm gonna take a ton of heat from this. i'm prepared. i'm with you on 99 % of the other issues. i feel tho i must speak out on this one so that we may win.
------
[ nature digital medicine published our study last week, and it is open access ] ( < url > ). this publication had some delay after the [ fda approved the ai - system, called idx - dr, on april 11 of this year ] ( < url > ). after the approval, many physicians, scientists, and patients had questions about the safety of the ai system, its design, the design of the clinical trial, all trial results, as well as what the results mean for people with diabetes, for the healthcare system, and the future of ai in healthcare. now, we are finally able to discuss these questions, and i thought a reddit ama is the most appropriate place to do so. while this is our true ama, i want to focus on the paper and the study. questions about cost, pricing, market strategy, investing, and the like should consider to not know about the science, and are also under the highest regulatory scrutiny, so those will have to wait until a later ama. i am a retinal specialist - a physician who specialized in ophthalmology and then did a fellowship to vitreoretinal surgery - who treats patients with retinal diseases and teaches medical students, residents, and fellows. i am also a machine learning and image analysis expert, with a ms in computer science focused on artificial intelligence, and a phd in image analysis - jan koenderink was one and my advisors. < phone > i was postdoc in tokyo, japan, at the riken neural networks research lab. i was one of the original contributors of imagej, a widely used open source visual analysis app. i have published over 250 peer reviewed journal papers ( h - index 53 ) on ai, image analysis, and retina, am past editor of the journals ieee tmi through iovs, and editor of nature scientific reports, and have 17 patents and 5 patent applications in this area. i am the watzke professor of ophthalmology and visual sciences, electrical and computer engineering and biomedical sciences at the university of iowa, and i am proud to say that my former graduate students are successful in ai all over the world. [ more info on me on my faculty page ] ( < url > ). i also am founder cum president of [ idx ] ( < url > ), the company that sponsored the study we will be discussing and that markets the ai system, and thus have a conflict of interest. fda and other regulatory agencies - depending on where you are located - regulate what i can and cannot say about the ai system performance, and i will indicate when that is the case. [ more info on the ai system, called labelling, here ] ( < url > ). i'll be in and out for a good part of the day, ama!
------
i am married to my husband for 4 years and we have a 2 year old daughter in a london montessori. many of the parents in this montessori are always rushing for delivering and picking up their kids, so brief interactions can be common.
my husband and i regularly made it a point to go to drop off and pick up our daughter together as we both enjoy it so much. one of the women who has a daughter in my child's class always used to frown at me when i was there alone. i had seen her for several months and she would rebuke and dismiss me when i said hello or smiled at her. then my husband went to pick up our daughter solo one day, and she started speaking to him. in several minutes she told him where she is from, where she went to school, how her marriage had failed and that she was not where she expected to be in her personal life and her career choice (i joked to him later when he told me it sounded like a speed date in the nursery). in the conversation he mentioned to her what he did for work and she was super impressed, and then he said his wife (me) went to the same graduate school as her. (during similar years) giving her a point of conversation with me (as he thought this commonality could change her nonchalant attitude with me).
my husband was travelling for work so i did solo pickups for a few weeks. and i bumped into the woman every day, and she stood next to me during pickups or sat next to me but said nothing to me. and when i was in conversations with other parents she would be close enough to listen. it was eerie and annoyed me and i mentioned it to my husband. he was shocked she didn't even make an introduction after she so quickly made one with him.
when my husband got back to pickups with me, one evening he was on the side getting the pram ready while i was with the baby on the other side of the room. she was entering thr room and had not seen him for weeks and grabbed him on the shoulder to ask how he was (she didn't see me). my husband immediately introduced us and she said she remembered seeing me months ago at an event (which was not true as i see her everyday).
since then she actively says hi to my husband and ignores me when i am alone. she has tried to wait for him to exit with my daughter to walk with him but he completely disregards, ignores her and tries to stonewall her for her behavior to me. am i right to assume she was trying to flirt and develop some relationship with my husband? i am just irked how one woman could try this with a married man let alone in their children's school. my husband and i hold hands so its noticeable we are together. i've never experienced this competitive behavior and it's annoying. i almost feel like saying something to her, but my husband says someone so pathetic shouldn't phase me and he will not speak to her again as now he thinks she has issues. what would you do?
------
like... why do we need to turn class design upside down every expansion and hope that it works out after a few patches? why can't we simply add new abilities and tweak their output a bit so different specs get to shine? imagine if blizzard kept changing the rts units back in the day. "patch notes: the human footman is now ranged."
why is there nowadays always something going wrong with professions? why can't we simply let them be useful tools that are fun on the side, have the gear be good for crafters while they look for other stuff? enough with the unlock quests, crafting ranks and other arbitrary barriers that convolute the feature.
and what about acquiring items? is it so hard to keep a vendor full of awesome pvp items or raid loot that you get to earn points for? conquest, valor, etc. why is it a mystery to me how i even unlock the cool new alliance transmog sets for pvp in bfa? i love those lion-shaped pauldrons and have no idea where to get them. the idea seems to be simply that i should keep grinding and eventually they'll fall into my lap.
it's just one thing after another right now. instead of polishing an existing feature and adding a couple of new ones where it makes sense, blizzard seems intent on inventing all these experimental features like artifacts, azerite armour, etc.
i started this game in vanilla beta, and before that i played wc 2-3 for years. do you know when i felt the happiest about the state of the game? back in tbc, wotlk, cata, and to some degree mop. back then, you got familiar with blizzard's expansion formula. it was tried and tested and it worked. gathered materials had their value. professions did their thing. classes had interesting and fun abilities, and while obviously balance shifted the overall formula still worked. vendors had their items and you knew how to progress through the game. raids were raids, dungeons were dungeons, and quests were quests.
great additions over the years include features like the wardrobe/appearances tab and mythic+. that stuff is cool. but then they also do these weird things like warfronts and the heart of azeroth. experiments to try to increase our effective subscription time, not enhancements to the game for the sake of improving the fun factor.
i guess what i'm trying to say is: blizzard, please stop for a moment. stop building this impossibly intricate cobweb of weird features. stop making everything convoluted, and quit designing your game with the aim of making us stay subscribed for longer.
do you know what the real selling points for me are, in bfa? allied races. kul tiras. zandalar. queen azshara. play those cards. that's enough to sell the boxes and keep me subbed.
------
> it cannot have been politically motivated that she told her therapist and high school all those years ago.
did she mention kavanaugh's name to her therapist? it's not in the notes according to the washington post article. and even if it were, so what? you keep evading my question, how do we know that anything she told her therapist is accurate? how do we know that it's fully accurate and not partially accurate and partially inaccurate? how do we know that the details of an old memory are correct?
you can't prove that something is true merely by telling someone else. what you're doing is accepting all hearsay as being unquestionably true. "it's true because i told so-and-so." example: years ago fran tells pat that she saw joe rob the bank. therefore joe robbed the bank. (case closed.)
you're committing a huge logical fallacy by giving credence to hearsay evidence. the only thing her talking to her therapist tells us is that she talked to her therapist. it doesn't tell us if the subject matter of the conversation is true.
>the simplest explanation is that it happened as she said it.
well, the simplest explanation in any criminal or civil case is that the defendant is guilty. so, why should we even have courts, trials, defense lawyers, due process rules, rules of evidence, or rules of civil and criminal procedure? if the simplest explanation is true, then why do we need all that inconvenient stuff? yeah, i get that this is a "job interview". the point is that before you accept and allegation as true, it needs to be vetted. the institutions that engage in fact finding have all sorts of rules and processes for that. maybe those rules and processes derived from centuries of jurisprudential experience can help inform how we should examine this allegation at the job interview.
>notice how you had to make up a story where she did it for political reasons 37 years ago
where did i ever say or imply that she put herself in a position to suffer attempted rape 37 years ago for political reasons?
>...and how ridiculous that is. that's cognitive bias. think about it.
i'm saying that her attaching kavanaugh's name to the allegation may be for political purposes. let's see if we can even find some sort of evidence that she mentioned kavanaugh's name to her therapist in 2012. kavanaugh was already a an appellate court judge in 2012 and thus a potential supreme court candidate, so attaching his name to that memory could potentially have been done for political purposes. (reading comprehension lesson - i'm not saying she did do this, just that it's possible and we need to contemplate and examine that possibility.)
your accepting her story on face value without even making an effort to think critically about it and ask questions and contemplate ways and reasons how and why it may or may not be inaccurate is a sign of your own cognitive bias and naivety.
------
no. actually i hate extremes. when people talk like trudeau is castro or harper is trump they are literally idiots.
reality is in canada the mulroney, chretien, martin, harper and now trudeau governments generally all have the same actual policies and things do not change very much.... except how society would naturally just progress over 3 decades.
whenever someone argues with hysteria and pretends there is a massive divide in canada they are hurting our political debate. there is much to debate in canada, but for the most part canadians agree on what they want and the 3/4/5 parties literally disagree on mostly the details... not the entire basis of the system.
bringing american politics into canada and trying to pretend they are similar is disingenuous. i mean the party's do it and the media does it and citizens do it. it is a natural thing to do. we are bombarded with it 24/7.
however there is no actual substantial debate in canada about the public health care system existing, public schools, abortion, capital punishment and much more. we already decided these things in the 60's, 70's, 80's and 90's. those debates are over. in the us there is a fight over public schools existing, over whether there should even really be substantial taxation is still an ideological battle.
want an example. trudeau fighting for the pipeline. not his ideology but we have a shitload of oil and gas that needs to get to global market.
trudeau and harper agree on 95% of things and their visions for canada are very similar. picking the two most recent figures that cause division and hystetia. there is still much to debate and solve within that 5% though. the thing is we have figured out "canada". it is crazy to say this when i grew up with many saying there is no canadian identity but that we are not americans.... but america has not figured out who they are. what they are as a country and what it means to be an american and what america is meant to be. america is in a political crisis bigger than any since the 60's. the post wwii america thought it knew what it was but it is clear that since the 90's and the end of the cold war that america does not know what they want and do not have a unifying vision.
canada is unified. we know what we care about. we do not need to be drawn into the american debate about the role of government... we already figured that out. the more we bite into the american apple and forget we solved most of this to the satisfaction of 70-80% of canadians and we do not need to fight over the past... we get to figure out a better future.
------
it's obvious he's not doing it right here but has been doing it for years elsewhere -and he's still at it nowadays.
<url>
he never, ever mentions david michelinie, roger stern or tom defalco at all, doesn't acknowledge anyone's role in the character's creation but his and always omits willingly the fact that mr. sienkiewicz had already planted the seed for the distinctive visual elements that ended up differentiating venom from the standard symbiote uniform, previously designed by mike zeck and rick leonardi, on his cover work for the spider-man books during the kraven saga, at a time when mcfarlane was still working on the hulk.
<url>
<url>
i don't want to give mcfarlane any credit, as you say, for creating venom's iconic look because the cold, hard facts prove that his only actual contribution was putting the pen on a strathmore board to dress a pre-existing character -brock- in a pre-existing uniform -zeck/leonardi's- adding the pre-existing giger's alien mouth visual concept -sienkiewicz's- to the mix, all the while following the assigned script. that's it and that's all. he didn't even come up with the slimy, tentacle-ish tongue -that was erik larsen's doing and came later- nor the impossibly hulking physique, having brock been previously established as a compulsive bodybuilder sporting a swarzenegger-like frame, so the symbiote was simply worn over it without adding any extra volume at first. in short, not a single one of the individual visual traits associated with the character's appearance that we've been accustomed to over the years was mcf's idea. let that settle and think about it. not. a. single. one. and yet, the guy keeps claiming not only that he's the author of the visual aspects of the character -debatable at best as i just argued, but semantically and technically acceptable by usual industry standards- but now he also boldly presents himself as the main, full creative force behind the character's genesis despite the fact that the general plot that would lead to the reveal of the symbiote's fusion with brock was already running its course while mcf was still penciling the hulk. food for thought, really, even if it's food that was way past its expiration date when it was originally served.
all of mcf's claims taking virtually full credit for the character's creation are ego-fueled and, frankly, quite disrespectful fabrications that dubiously ignore the efforts of everyone else involved. and that's something that i can't condone by any means, personal affinities or dislikes aside, and ultimately explains how and why i'm so overtly critical of mcfarlane's general egotistical attitude. i don't like him and i don't have to.
------
no we don't. if everyone who voted for hillary clinton voted for beto it would be a stomp. beto's entire game is turnout and rooting out democrats in areas that haven't seen a democratic candidate in decades. the reason he's doing so well is precisely because he's doing the opposite of what you think he is. you're thinking of wendy davis who tried to get republican voters and humiliated herself in the governors race. lupe valdez is a whole other can of worms and despite winning the primary, everyone knew she was shit at campaigning and the governorship is really not that high priority of a target when it comes from resource allocation. it has nothing gonna do with beto converting republicans. this is some random shit that i hear from random party people who are resentful of beto quickly becoming a national republican icon, that he's fucking up other races... is completely not true. don't take my word for it, read the plan to win on his website which lays out explicitly his path to victory : < url > directly from his website : there's a common misconception that elections are mostly decided by so - very " swing voters " - voters who can be able to vote for one candidate or the other - and that campaigns should throw all of their energy on people who make up their opinions in the final weeks of an election. we find this argument a lot in texas. you've probably heard it from someone you know or from some skeptical media pundit : " sure, people are excited about beto, but there just aren't enough swing voters in texas for him to win. " but, if you do the math, it turns out that's not true. the truth is that texas is not a red state. it's a non - voting state. the key to winning this election is increasing voter turnout. getting people off the sidelines, engaged, and in the game. now that definitely doesn't mean writing anyone off - beto is running to benefit all texans, and is making his case to everyone - but it means that, as volunteers, we have to focus our energy and resources responsibly. consider some recent election results : in 2016, donald trump won texas by a 9 point margin. just under 60 percent of registered voters went to the polls. only 31 percent of registered texas voters voted for trump. and the situation is even worse in midter ##m elections like the one that's about to happen in texas. the one we absolutely have to win. in 2014, greg abbott won by a 20 point landslide. less than 32 percent of registered voters went to the polls. less than 20 percent of registered texas voters voted for abbott. this represents a major opportunity. the truth is that most people aren't trying to decide which party to vote for - they're deciding whether to vote at all. so if we can figure out who those likely non - voters are, and find some way to get them to the polls, we'll be able to win. we have a plan to do just that : organize more volunteers to knock on more doors, make more phone calls, send more text messages, and talk to more voters than any campaign in the history of texas. it might not be rocket science - but it is what science says is the most effective way to increase voter turnout.
------
well here's a list of sources for you (from the bottom of the wikipedia page):
vinny eastwood show march 25, 2011
^ a b c d easter, sean (march 26, 2011). "who is g. edward griffin, beck's expert on the federal reserve?". media matters for america. retrieved 2015-03-10. on his fox news show, glenn beck presented griffin as an authority on the history of the federal reserve system. griffin has a history of holding and promoting various conspiracy hypotheses, whether founded or unfounded, that include notions that question the very existence of hiv/aids, as well as the view that the origin of cancer has to do with a specific dietary deficiency, and correspondingly, that cancer can be effectively cured with an 'essential food compound'.
^ herbert v (may 1979). "laetrile: the cult of cyanide. promoting poison for profit". am. j. clin. nutr. 32 (5): 1121-58. pmid 219680.
^ lerner ij (february 1984). "the whys of cancer quackery". cancer. 53 (3 suppl): 815-9. doi:10.1002/<phone>(<phone>)53:3+<815::aid-cncr2820531334>3.0.co;2-u. pmid <phone>.
^ a b c d suebsaeng, asawin (26 november 2015). "the story behind 'the creature from jekyll island,' the anti-fed conspiracy theory bible". the daily beast.
^ a b "the discovery of noah's ark". reality zone. retrieved 2008-03-06. this program was written and narrated by g. edward griffin.
^ a b c who's who in america 1994 (48th ed.). marquis who's who. december 1993.
^ "g. edward griffin". worldcat. retrieved 2015-03-11.
^ a b giraud, victoria (may 22, 1995). "t.o.'s griffin all booked up with writing, film projects". daily news of los angeles. g. edward griffin, author and documentary film producer, calls himself 'a plain vanilla researcher and writer.' but the projects he has completed don't deal with 'vanilla' subjects. they concern the federal reserve, the supreme court, cancer and even noah's ark. perhaps a better description of griffin is one he also admits to - 'crusader rabbit.' ...
^ aune, james arnt (2001). selling the free market: the rhetoric of economic correctness. guilford press. pp. 140-1. isbn 1-57230-757-9.
^ steele, karen dorn; morlin, bill (2000-09-02). "get-rich pitch 'bogus': seven states have determined global prosperity is an illegal pyramid scheme". the spokesman review. at age 65, 90 percent of americans are broke, author g. edward griffin writes. he's a contributing editor of the new american magazine, published by the john birch society. the united nations, the council on foreign relations and the world bank are plotting a system of world military and financial control to destroy american sovereignty, he writes. the book warns about the dangers of the new world order and preaches that the united states should get out of the united nations....there's little that's accurate in griffin's book, says journalist [david] marchant.
^ sayre, nora (1996). sixties going on seventies. rutgers university press. p. 98. isbn 0-8135-2193-9. in a wonderful lecture by g. edward griffin, slides and diagrams of triangles and arrows and circles show how the conspiracy learned its techniques from the 18th century freemasons of europe. ...
^ stone, barbara s. (february 1974). "the john birch society: a profile". the journal of politics. 36 (1): 184-197. doi:10.<phone>. jstor <phone>.
^ bourgoin, suzanne michele; byers, paula k. (1998). encyclopedia of world biography. gale. isbn 0-7876-2556-6.
^ thornton, james (1993-12-13). "remembering robert welch". john birch society. archived from the original on 2008-11-27. retrieved 2008-03-06. we invite you to learn more about him by reading the life and words of robert welch by g. edward griffin. ...
^ a b c heidi beirich. "midwifing the militias: jekyll island gathering recalls another"(spring 2010, issue 137). southern poverty law center. retrieved 2015-03-11. g. edward griffin, who helped organize the jekyll island gathering, may have been more revealing. griffin, who wrote a scathing 1994 attack on the fed published by the anti-communist john birch society and also a sympathetic biography of the group's founder, was the first to speak at the meeting. he told conferees that merely putting 'large numbers of people in the street' was not enough. 'we must,' he said, 'achieve power'.
^ monares, freddy (june 24, 2017). "activists: convention in bozeman is 'alt-right' recruitment effort". bozeman daily chronicle.
^ hammett, yvette c. (7 may 2008). "'he thought he had to do some hero thing': gunman shot, killed at st. pete courthouse". tampa bay times.
^ thomas, kenn (2002). popular paranoia: a steamshovel press anthology. adventures unlimited press. p. 298. isbn 1-931882-06-1.
^ ryssdal, kai; bodnar, bridget (october 20, 2015). "how a secret meeting on jekyll island led to the fed". marketplace.
^ "bestselling business books". calgary herald. 2006-07-04. p. f5.
^ "best-selling business books, april 14". rocky mountain news. 2007-04-14. archived from the original on 2008-09-27. retrieved 2008-02-29. 10. the creature from jekyll island: a second look at the federal reserve: g. edward griffin. american media. <cur>24.50. ...
^ paul listed griffin's book on his "reading list for a free and prosperous america". see: paul, ron (2007-04-30). the revolution: a manifesto. new york city, ny: grand central publishing. pp. 169-70. isbn 0-446-53751-9.
^ flaherty, edward. "debunking the federal reserve conspiracy theories: myth #1: the federal reserve act of 1913 was crafted by wall street bankers and a few senators in a secret meeting". somerville, massachusetts: political research associates. retrieved 2008-05-10. g. edward griffin lays out this conspiratorial version of history in his book the creature from jekyll island. mainstream-approved academics have viscerally criticized the very nature of his research as "highly suspect", his methods of research as "amateurish, and his controversial historical conclusions by referring to them as "utterly preposterous" however. ... ...
^ a b c lagnado, lucette (2000-03-22). "laetrile makes a comeback selling to patients online". wall street journal. retrieved 2008-02-29.
^ "controversial cancer drug laetrile enters political realms". middlesboro daily news. 1977-08-10. retrieved 2008-02-29.
^ "new library books". books. grand forks herald. 2003-07-13. p. 4. retrieved 2008-02-29.
^ kenadjian, berdj (2006). from darkness to light. zakarian, martin, illus. (2d ed.). phenix & phenix literary publicists. p. 94. isbn 978-1-933538-24-2. retrieved 2009-03-17.
^ milazzo, stefania; horneber, markus (2015-04-28). "laetrile treatment for cancer". the cochrane database of systematic reviews (4): cd005476. doi:10.<phone>.cd005476.pub4. issn 1469-493x. pmid 25918920.
^ nightingale sl (1984). "laetrile: the regulatory challenge of an unproven remedy". public health rep. 99 (4): 333-8. pmc <phone> . pmid <phone>.
^ landau, emanuel (july 1976). "world without cancer; the story of vitamin b17" (pdf). american journal of public health. 66 (7): 696. doi:10.2105/ajph.66.7.696-a. issn <phone>. pmc <phone> . retrieved 2008-03-05. the author maintains that the missing food nutrient is part of the nitriloside family which is found particularly in the seeds of the fruit family containing bitter almond ...
^ jones, marianna (1976-10-11). "cure or fraud?". walla walla union-bulletin. retrieved 2008-02-29.
^ "the cancer cure foundation". the cancer cure foundation. retrieved 2015-03-11. this website provides an unbiased analysis of the major alternative-cancer clinics, treatments and therapies. it explains the theories of how these treatments work and where to locate doctors, practitioners and natural-health clinics. it also provides case histories of patients who have benefited from these non-conventional approaches.
^ "chemtrails - conspiracy theory?". australian science. december 28, 2012. retrieved 2015-03-11. the filmmakers bring in advocate and conspiracist g. edward griffin to join this chemtrail crusade. he talks about how chemtrails don't dissipate; that a permanent grid hangs over cities like los angeles.
------
hurricanes are not becoming more frequent nor are they expected to. at least two last few ipcc reports have stated that hurricane frequency will either remain steady or decrease. but intensity is and is expected to continue increasing in a warming world. tropical cyclones and climate change ( knutson at al, 2010 ) - [ < url > ] ( < url > ) " however, future projections based on theory and high - resolution dynamical measurements consistently indicate that greenhouse warming will cause the globally averaged intensity of tropical cyclones to shift towards stronger storms, with intensity increases of 2 - 11 % by 2100. existing modelling studies also consistently project decreases in the globally averaged frequency of tropical cyclones, by 6 - 34 %. " response of tropical cyclone activity and structure to global warming in a high - resolution global nonhydrostatic model ( yamada et al, 2017 ) - [ < url > ] ( < url > ) " the model projected that the global frequency of tcs is reduced by 22. 1 %, the ratio of intense tcs is increased by 6. 6 %, and the precipitation rate within 100 km of the tc center increased by 11. 8 % under warmer climate conditions. " dealing with current trends we see the following : increasing destructiveness of tropical cyclones over the past 30 years ( emanuel, 2005 ) - [ < url > ] ( < url > ) " here i define an index of the potential damage of hurricanes based on the total dissipation of power, integrated over the lifetime of the cyclone, and show that this phenomenon has increased markedly since the mid - 1970s. this trend is due to both longer storm lifetimes and greater storm intensities. i find that this record of net hurricane power dissipation is highly correlated with tropical sea base temperature, reflecting well - documented climate signals, including multi - decadal oscillations in the north atlantic and north pacific, and global warming. " deconvolution of the factors contributing to the increase in global hurricane intensity ( hoyos et al, 2006 ) - [ < url > ] ( < url > ) " the results show that the trend of increasing numbers of category 4 x 5 hurricanes for the period < phone > is directly linked to the trend in sea - surface temperature ; other aspects of the tropical environment, although they influence shorter - term variations in hurricane intensity, do not contribute substantially to the observed global trend. " the increasing intensity of the strongest tropical cyclones ( elsner et al, 2008 ) - [ < url > ] ( < url > ) " we find significant upward trends for wind speed quantiles above the 70th percentile, with trends as high as 0. 3 + - 0. 09 m s - 1 yr - 1 ( s. e. ) for the strongest cyclones. " trend analysis with a new global record of tropical cyclone intensity ( kossin et al, 2013 ) - [ < url > ] ( < url > ) " this additional homogenization step is found to measurably reduce lmi trends, but the global trends in the lmi of the strongest storms remain positive, with amplitudes of around + 1 m s - 1 decade - 1 and p value = 0. 1. regional trends, in m s - 1 decade - 1, vary from - 2 ( p = 0. 03 ) in the western north pacific, + 1. 7 ( p = 0. 06 ) in the south indian ocean, + 2. 5 ( p = 0. 09 ) in the south pacific, to + 8 ( p < 0. 001 ) in the north atlantic. " trade - off between intensity and frequency of global tropical cyclones ( kang et al, 2015 ) - [ < url > ] ( < url > ) " we calculate an average increase in global tropical cyclone intensity of 1. 3 m s - 1 over the past 30 years of ocean warming occurring at the expense of 6. 1 tropical cyclones worldwide. "
------
>dating apps are toxic for a lot of people
how are dating apps toxic for a lot of people? how come? people seem to be doing fine with okcupid, plenty of fish and so on, at least i never heard anyone complaining about dating app, and i know plenty of people who met their significant others from dating apps.
>what happens to those who don't want to use them? being single forever?
they can meet potential partners organically? like people have been doing in the western nations for the past 50 years or so? nightclubs, bars, wine events, music festivals, concerts, and by hanging out with their friends and getting introduced to people who are single?
>most people can change jobs if they absolutely have to
yeah, but there are jobs and then there are good jobs. with the state of the economy? i live in greece, it's not like jobs abound for guys who happen to have them in the first place, you know? i have a friend of mine who has been working in the same restaurant for the past 10 years.
he makes good money all things considered , he has good work schedules.. and he's the only guy who isn't 50 and he's surrounded by girls who work there in the kitchen as cooks, as waiters, at the receptionist desk, and although he finds them to be attractive and he's single - he would never dare flirt with any of them, and when they flirt with him he shuts that down quickly.
<cur> are far more important than the guy having a romantic relationship.
>you sound like you are very young and assume finding a partner will be easy. as a 30-something woman, a lot of my friend group is already married with kids.
and as a 28 year old man, i have a lot of friends who are already married and with kids, but i still always manage to come across women who are single. usually younger women. have you ever considered dating younger men?
>again, you sound young, immature and judgemental. what is your arbitrary cut-off age for someone to not be married and to not be defective, in your eyes? you think it's better for people to go ahead and marry people they're not sure about rather than hold out and wait for the right person? yeah, ok.
depends. if the guy is average-looking but has decent social skills, the guy being mid 30s and never having lived with a woman/never married is going to make me raise an eyebrow. an attractive man with a good job, his own house, no college debt and no criminal record in his mid 30s to 40s who is still single?
that is going to make me think that the guy is either in the closet, he has a low sex drive, he has really high standards in women, he either has a long string of broken relationships, or he only has a couple of relationships in his past and spent most of his life in one night stands and friendships with benefits, seriously, not a good potential relationship/marriage partner there.
the only guys i know through my father who is older than the age of 50 and still single and never married are the guys you wouldn't want to introduce to your parents. although they are handsome, they're still very immature and don't want commitment and only want to have fun with women.
if a woman is in her early to late 40s and she's not married, she's never been married, and she's single: i assume it's because almost half of the men over the age of 40 suffer from erectile dysfunction, are emotionally broken from past crappy relationships, are broke from paying child-support, or are physically or mentally or emotionally ill in some way or another, or have criminal records.
------
> and by the way the action was nowhere near that, what are you talking about? the'sambo - style'is a type of pickanniny style. sambo was once a native american. this is irrelevant to the point at hand. > of course it matters, you're basically saying that as long as enough people arbitrarily decide to get offended by something then the author's intent doesn't matter. i'm being more pragmatic than ideological here. assume mark knight made the cartoon with no racial consideration at all. his * intention * was to highlight the dummy - spit, but the result was a lot of very angry people who felt racially vilified. many of those people have stopped listening, and won't accept any'explanations'contrary to their initial perception. the damage has been done. the road to hell is paved with good intentions. > when's the last time anyone from the left has altered their behaviour, language, etc... based on people from the right saying they are offended? and yet the right's supposed to fall right into lockstep and kowtow to the left's every whim just because enough lefties are claiming to be offended? why? this is not really part of the discussion, but i actually agree. the problem is that the social - right holds conservative values that can be quite bigoted against people of every age, sexuality, gender, culture, nationality, or faith. i would say that most of those are beyond the individual's control, and should not be the target of ridicule - - he'd be playing the man, not a ball. it isn't always wrong to offend, if the person is espousing certain well - regarded opinions while living the opposite. barnaby joyce's little novel is a solid example : talking about strong family values means defending them at every turn. i am happy to agree that there are plenty shrill and deranged voices on the left being offended by every little thing. such people exist on both sides of the social spectrum and make a lot of noise that will often drown out meaningful discourse. they will dismiss anything the other person has to say unless they completely agree with them. the sane part of society can actually discuss whether an offensive thing is warranted criticism or not. criticisms based in race are not warranted, and that is what mark knight unintentionally achieved. he fucked up, and the correct move would have been to acknowledge the similarities between the cartoon and the sambo - style and to apologise for the reaction it has caused because he had only intended to illustrate the childish and, frankly, thuggish behaviour of serena williams. instead he and the herald sun have opted for the more * courageous * move of doubling down.
------
i was reading a book called "the porn trap" by a psychologist named wendy maltz.
in it, she talks about the extreme damage porn can do to relationships and she mentions the fact that it can take a minimum of 18 months for a person's dopamine receptors to fully heal from all the damage of extreme stimulation. 90 days of nofap is great, but it's just a start. for some of us, it may take longer, some of us it may take a shorter amount of time depending on how deep we're stuck in this mud.
that got me thinking: most of us have never seen our true potential.
there are many guys walking around who literally jerked off their teens and their 20s and have never experienced their full strength as a man. it's like walking around with a cellphone on perpetual "low power mode".
most of us have never seen our true masculinity, our true personalities shine through when we get rid of this crap.
most of us have never seen our peak hormone and testosterone levels optimized because the chemical cocktail of pmo has depressed that function.
most of us have never seen ourselves operating at our peak levels of effectiveness, efficiency, productivity, drive, determination.
most of us haven't had a true relationship with another person and if we have a significant other, most of us have never really connected with him/her.
most of us haven't really had a good lifestyle routine in terms of sleep, hygiene, good habits, and responsible technology use.
the only real relationship we've had has been with the women on porn who demand nothing but offer us everything.
for most of us, our prefrontal cortex is severely weakened, not allowing us to be effective and show up as the men we want to be.
most of us still have the self-image and identity of being that guy who was rejected by girls in high school and college, who was a loser in his group of friends, who had to resort to videos on their cellphone and hand lotion just to feel any sense of intimacy.
i spent a lot of my youth being stimulated in some way whether through hours and hours of fps video games, hours-long edging and masturbation sessions with or without some sort of erotic content, spending hours on the computer just browsing for clickbait trash, and eating excessive junk food with high sugar, high starches, and high fat. giant wastes of time and vitality flushed down the drain.
everything felt like a chore to me. i loved basketball but i was so weak and lethargic on the basketball court. i loved hanging out with my friends, but to dismiss the anxiety i got around hanging out with women, i would have to "rub one out" before parties. i was a literal shell.
it's really scary to me because on hard mode at this point, i've seen so much gain and benefit. who will i be 18 months after that fact? and i'm only 20?
only time will tell. it's scary and exciting at the same time.
what would society look like if men collectively stopped plugging into porn and started plugging into life? what a world it would be.
in this day and age, every man will have some sort of relationship with porn, whether through accident or curiosity. some will see it one time and be done with it. some will have it as an acquaintance. some will have it as a close lover. some will identify themselves with porn. it's up to every man to decide whether to invite porn into his life or to say "no thanks, i'd rather choose a life of reality over fantasy".
------
tifu by orgasming so hard i broke my vagina happened a couple of days ago, as is tradition. throwaway because some irl folks know my normal hold on here. so a couple of months ago my doctor put me on a new ssri to help with my chronic depression. it didn't work that well and made me super - dazed, and on top of that my sex drive dried up to a level that can only be described as " sahara - like. " now, it's not like i'm in a relationship or anything, but i still enjoyed getting off at least a couple times a week, and found myself very wound up without my normal release. i told my doctor that the medication just kind of put me in a fog, so she switched me to an snri and holy horniness my sex drive came back with a result. after the one day, i came home then offered to treat myself to a round or two with my vibrator, to celebrate. well, it had been building up so long in me that i went to hospital and had one of the most intense orgasms of my life. i should note at this point that i didn't use lube, because i was so.. worked up.. i figured i didn't need it. sounds great, right? eh.. not so much, when right after finishing the deed, i realized i had a shooting pain within my vagina, like i had not pulled a muscle. after spending a couple of minutes laying in state, praying to every god and deity out there to make the pain subside, i made the long, labored waddle to the toilet, only to realize i was dripping a lot of blood, too. before you ask, no, it was not shark week for me, so needless to say, i was surprised. upon further inspection, i realized that i not only pulled a muscle deep in my lady parts that had me walking funny for a day, i suffered a vaginal tear due to my.. vigor.. as well. however, it was a lot more blood than any little tears i had had in the past, and prior to this, i never tore from masturbating, so i was convinced i really badly injured myself, and may need stitches. i called my ob's office and made an appointment, and i explained what happened, all while turning shade of purple that tim the dinosaur would envy. my doctor took a look and welp, i was right, i needed stitches, and instructed me that in the future during any particularly - intense sessions, i should probably use lube, just to be safe. ironically, now i now have to once again abstain from all sexual activity for a period of time, so i'm back to square one. needless to say, the whole experience was not what i was expecting, and has been something i would prefer to not experience, ever again. tl ; dr got super horny, overdid it during a solo session, and broke my vagina. edit : thanks for all the lube tips, guys. just ordered ( look up the drum of lube on amazon, was apparently inadvertently linking to my wishlist, too ) so i think i'm good to go for future sexytimes! ( not really, but i did order a few different brands suggested and really appreciate it! ) edit 2 : been getting a lot of questions about my antidepressants. i was on celexa and am not on cymbalta. feel free to pm me if you have any further questions, happy to have helped some folks out. sorry if it takes me a while to respond, been getting a ton of questions and i want to make sure i answer them all, thoroughly! edit 3 : gold! holy crap, thank you, internet stranger! who knew my most read post would ever be about injuring my vajayjay... i'll take this opportunity to throw out a lpt : lube, lube, and lube some more! also, know if you pull a muscle while orgasming, the pain is intense but it should only last a day or so.
------
i'm moving towards 30 (28) - but i really don't age at all and can pass for under drinking age sometimes.
i don't look over effeminate but my skin has a natural glow to it.
i'm also fairly good at making friends.
i lie about my age whenever i feel it'll be convenient -
whether i'm socially awkward or not that's a catch 22 question.
i've had people literally tell me i have amazing social skills and i'm charming and i've had people tell me i'm socially awkward.
higher peaks lower valleys i'd say. it's a matter of developing a lot of specialized social skills, rather than having a solid base.
so my abilities at wit in person or on the phone, humor, flirting, even some levels of small talk, consoling people, are all well above average, but there's a little gaps between those things where i fall hard.
i've also learned you can't be too careless with your friends in expressing what you really think, and in many cases, how little you really care about them or other people. people find playful nihilism and callousness charming and liberating in small doses, but they really want to believe you're mostly joking and are a decent person at heart.
which i'd say when it comes to people i really like - that's true, but with people i feel nothing for (most people) i don't care if i break their heart or sleep with their significant other or get them fired or demoted from their job. i only care about the possible consequences.
i wouldn't say i have a healthy sex life really - the psychology is all kinds of fucked up. i'll just say that when i'm on a date, seduction is close to effortless for me over a drink or two (although i've turned coffee dates into sex and movie dates and so on...)
in some ways, i'm more charming than a good chunk of normal people could dream of being
i'm also quite good looking (although fairly short, 5'9 without shoes or boots)
but really, the 9's and ,10's and a lot of the 8's are barely paying attention to me - and i'm working to fix that, but i'm trying to come up with a good next plan for my life before i put too much energy into something like that.
i find language really beautiful. i think a big part of why i adore that one woman i mentioned so much is she can really turn a strange sentence that's ridiculous but makes sense at the same time.
and sometimes she can do it barely using many words.
i think i was fine without books, but books made me question senseless behavior more, drinking all the time, sleeping with random women, being impulsive.
before books it was music that made sense of all these meaningless things that shape us.
i don't know. my relationship with books is weird. there's just so much inside them, so how can i look away?
------
> because causality could be still fundamental. we could still say, laws of physics aren't fundemantal but emergent out of the behavior of the fundamental particles or wave functions and whatever. we could still say that particles cause each other to behave in a way and we describe it as a law. > the other way, which i find very intriguing, says that our particles just behave according to the laws of physics. they don't cause each other. we cannot find any direction of causality. they just act in that way, because of some laws of physics. but there's still in elephant in the room. in that view, the laws of physics cause the particles to behave in a certain way. you still have causality. causality is still fundamental. but think i agree with this assessment, but you're skipping over important implications. yes, the laws of physics " cause " things to move in a pattern, so that is a sense in which causality is fundamental. but the directional causality of preceding events unto resulting events isn't conserved with this definition. the necessity of a " first cause " or " unmoved mover " in a chain of events is not conserved. all that is conserved is the idea that particles and forces are arranged in a pattern throughout spacetime, and that everything is determined by the laws of physics. it is causality in a way, but it's a very different idea of causality. > but come to the actual point. you still have fundamental causality. you cannot escape that, because the very act of explaining requires causes. this is what science does, just as our everyday thought. i sense that you've moved back from the fundamental, laws - of - physics - creating - a - pattern type of causality to this aristotelian type of causality and this. that jump isn't warranted. while it may be true that at the fundamental levels, the laws of physics cause the patterns we see around us, and at our macro level, we see that prior events cause later events, it is not accurate to say that, at fundamental levels, prior events cause later events. scientific explanation and everyday understanding use that type of prior - event / resulting - event causality since it'makes a useful fiction. it's not fair to draw metaphysical implications from that useful fiction, though. > i just wanted to show that you can have a worldview, which is not contradicted by your thought experiment in any way, that still allows free will > and still your thought experiment fails at option 3. you don't have to subscribe to probabalism or pure randomness. you could still have selfdetermined things, that appear from the outside as probabilistic or random. i have not yet seen where you have proven that this cannot be the case. let me try to explain again why option 3 of the thought experiment is synonymous with true randomness. let's grant the existence of a soul and say that it is the uncaused cause of its own will. it causes that will as an event in spacetime. now, there are only two ( very broad ) variables involved in the soul's decision : 1 ) the nature of the soul, and 2 ) the state of its environmental inputs. if both variables 1 & 2 are identical in multiple simulations or " replays " of the same moment, and different states of will result, the * only * explanation of the differing results is probability. the nature of the soul and its environment are perfectly identical in each of the multiple iterations, so what possible explanation of different resulting wills could exist besides probability? i would argue none. if the nature of the soul and the state of its environment reliably produce the same resulting will in each iteration, then we must say that the will is a deterministic result of the soul's nature and the environment in which it operates. if the nature of the soul and the state of its environment do not produce the same resulting will in each iteration, we must say that the will is a probabilistic result of the soul's nature and the environment in which it operates. to claim that the exact same variables producing different outcomes in each replay is " freedom " rather than randomness is to stick your head in the sand. you claim that it only looks random from the outside but is truly self - determined and free. i claim that self - determination * is * true randomness, and therefore should not be called self - determination at all. it's not a logical concept. you say i haven't proven that there is a true dichotomy between determinism and probabilism, but i starkly disagree. i think you're looking at probabilism and saying " that's freedom " due to motivated reasoning. it's an illogical claim, but a comforting one. you can claim that the soul determined its own nature in that moment by its own free choices in previous moments, but you can't just stop there. i'll grant that the soul's choices affect its future nature, but you have to keep following that chain of events all the way back to when the soul was first formed. what determined its original nature? well, maybe its creator, or maybe it just spawned out of the void with some particular nature. either way, it can't logically have determined its own nature because it can't precede its own existence. this is crucial, because it means that every subsequent decision it makes is a result of its original nature and the state of the environment in which it operates. its decisions affect itself and its environment, but the chain of decisions would be changed by a different original nature. this shackles the will to the variables of original design and environment, neither of which the soul is responsible for. > when you try to describe everything with laws, of course you cannot have free will. free is the opposite of law. free will is something that by definition cannot be further explained or examined. but is it impossible for something to exist, that we can only broadly understand and never examine? that does not mean that free will violates the laws of physics or is not in harmony with them. it could be just a part of the universe that we only can have access to, by our own expirience of it. the universe does operate according to the laws of physics, so it's sensible to describe the fundamental levels as adhering to those laws. it's very sensible to talk in this way which extinguishes all room for free will, because that very manner of speaking is in line with how we know the universe actually works. to claim otherwise and to hope that free will has some hiding place in the gaps of our understanding about the universe, despite all evidence and logic to the contrary, is intellectual suicide.
------
this happened last night, so technically it wasn't today, although activities may have extended into this morning. i typed it up right after a pregnancy test.
i'll start with how i met my girlfriend. we were at a summer camp, (we're both juniors) and things happened in that two week period that resulted in a relationship. to be frank, that was my first relationship, since prior to that i was much more focused on grades and education. it was your typical nerd fetish of "landing the hot blonde", although i was more thrown into the relationship, although once i was i relished it. however, she lives in seattle, while i'm down in north carolina, literally right off the path of florence (which i really hoped and still hope would/will come and kill me). we "dated" halfway through the camp, a result of going off the college campus for eating. when we finished, i met her parents as they picked her up, but she never met mine. as a result, my parents never knew anything-- in fact, nobody did except for one of my friends who went on the cruise trip directly following, and basically everyone she knew. this never seemed to be really important for me, since i'm new to all this relationship stuff. actually my friend who commonly browses reddit and my user will probably see this, so when i ride the school bus tomorrow i might be cucked even more.
speaking of hurricane florence, it was actually the reason she came over; for, two days ago, with odd motives, she had traveled over to wilmington rather than california for the beach with a group of her friends, and obviously was in direct path of the storm. with nowhere else to go, they ran towards the rdu triangle, which was the "clear zone" of the storm and rented a hotel. me, seeing her story on instagram, was an idiot and offered to give her stay. this was basically me, someone who pokes his friends with pencils (it was studying for ap psych last year) thinking about others before him. before my numbskull could realize that 1). she would be staying with my parents, who had absolutely no idea that she existed, 2). i would be living with a girlfriend i haven't seen in about two months, who lives normally halfway across the country, and 3). events like these typically result in disaster, she replied with a "sure, thanks!" and my plan was underway. then i realized all these three shit points, but i was too scared to send these back because i'm an introvert and i don't want to lose the closest thing i have to a relationship because i'm insecure and use https everywhere.
i then proceeded to start telling my parents about this, where my dad just sat there silent and looking amused why my mom was getting increasingly infuriated. after i finished (the story during which my mother interjected multiple times) my mom seemed more mad about how i never told her about this person rather than their stay here. my dad, on the other hand, seemed more relieved that i wasn't a complete social outcast and a homosexual (because from his time, especially where he comes from, china, this is kinda big) and let it pass, which was the complete opposite of what i was thinking. my mom at that point proceeded to start trying to gossip, etc. about this stuff because parents. about two hours later, she arrived, and we (i) unpackaged her stuff into my room.
now the first night we didn't do anything really, just slept (me for about 3 hours) but the second night we did; i actually blame the person at my camp for giving me an way oversized condom because i brought cards against humanity over and he had multiple condoms to give out. i had never planned on having sex as a high school student because i am semi-socially awkward and the only girl i relatively knew were my 6 year old sister and my girlfriend. as a result, the only condom i had was one that was ridiculously oversized. confession: i do not have a 10-inch dick. as a result, with the reassurances of a condom and probably not having the chance for the next ten years until i remember tinder, we decided to set upon yesterday. this ended with the condom leaking, and some surprise and stress, followed up by a pregnancy test which resulted in a positive. in fact, so far we two are the only ones that know about this (unless she's putting this on her snapchat story) and putting it up here is more like an anonymity breaker.
**tl;dr:** i met a girl at camp (both juniors) who lives on the opposite coast of me, who came over for vacation which was the first time my parents met her, got hurricaned into my home and got pregnant as a result. nobody else knows.
edit 1: so apparently i know nothing about sex ed because i was busy playing clash royale when i was in that class... i'm gonna go look at a doctor to make sure that the baby isn't real, because, according to the helpful and supporting comments, the only possible causes were a prior pregnancy and a really shitty test. i kinda just overreacted and posted this, literally a tifu within a tifu. thanks for those who gave me information and brought me out of stress mode!
edit 2: so i told her about the entire doctor thing (and apparently she doesn't understand how babies work either) and about how i was gonna schedule an appointment; she stayed silent for about thirty minutes and said that it was all a prank; etc. obviously, this feels like a scam, so should i immediately dump, or entertain this further? thanks again to all of your support during this!
edit 3: thanks to /u/flagshack for the gold, even though i don't feel like this post deserves it... really i've learned my lesson and deserve a fucking whopping for the idiocy of not listening in sex ed.
------
so for context, i'm spending some time abroad and my days usually consist of walking to the train station to ride to various cities, spending the day exploring, then taking the train back to the house of the family friends i'm staying with. i'm female and i turned 18 fairly recently and i'm traveling alone. usually on the train to and from wherever i'm going, i just sit quietly by myself and listen to music. sometimes i'll fix my hair in the reflection of the window but that's it. i don't do anything to attract attention, so i get annoyed when random men start conversations with me. don't get me wrong, if someone is just trying to ask the time or what stop the train is at, i'll gladly answer, but i don't like having full blown conversations. in addition, i purposely try to make myself less approachable by wearing headphones and not looking anyone in the eye. if someone does start a conversation with me, i don't have the guts to tell them to leave me alone but i act very vague and dismissive with my responses as well as cut the conversation off as soon as i can. i know that this is typical asshole behavior but i feel justified in doing it because i don't feel obligated to have conversations with strangers on the train. i'm not antisocial or anything, i love the idea of meeting new people, but it makes me mad when random men on public transit try to start lengthy conversations with me when my actions/body language make it clear i want to be left alone. also just to clarify, i'm not trying to sound sexist, i would be just as annoyed if a woman did this, but so far i've only had this experience with men.
edit: i probably should've originally given more context in my original post. i was prompted to write this post after i was approached by a man asking me where the train was pulling into, i answered and started to put my headphones back in but he kept making conversation so i was polite and gave short answers while trying to subtly indicate that i didn't really want to talk. at that point i was a little annoyed, but i became extremely uncomfortable when the train stopped and he followed me out and started asking me personal questions like my name, age, where i was staying, if i ha a boyfriend, etc. even after i said i had a boyfriend, he ended up following me all the way to my taxi while telling me how much he liked me when he saw me on the train. in my home country, it's a well known "unspoken rule" that it's considered creepy to start talking to a woman on public transit with headphones on, especially if you start blatantly hitting on her. despite cultural differences, i know i had every right to be creeped out when he started following me/asking more personal questions. i made this post because i generally shut down advances from men on public transit. i don't do it purposely to be mean. i do it to avoid uncomfortable and/or potentially dangerous situations, but there's no way to convey that to complete strangers, which is why i think it has the potential to be asshole-ish but it also has the potential to be not asshole-ish.
------
i would say "the golden notebook" by doris lessing.
i haven't read it yet (i have a copy on my bookshelf), but everything i've heard suggests possession by as byatt would be reasonable to put on such a list.
i mention these two authors because i'm not seeing much in this thread written by woman. the golden notebook is one of my favorite novels, and i push it on everyone.
if you like short stories, joy williams, imo, is kind of in a league of her own in regards to writers still living. she may not be alice munro, but there's enough quirkiness and dark humor there that if you're looking for a work by someone like pynchon, i don't think you would be disappointed.
i would say you should read the collected stories of lydia davis and 40 and 60 stories by donald barthelme. 40 and 60 stories together are as good as anything of the three pynchon novels i've read.
i'm glad about the person who mentioned georges perec's life: a user's manual. that's an amazing book that seems to be unknown in the us. i would be surprised, given the books you've mentioned, if you did not love it.
also, literally everything by samuel beckett. people often have heard of him because of waiting for godot, and it's a great play, but he also wrote a number of novels. his trilogy, molloy, malone dies, and the unnamable is often cited as a monument in fiction. his first novel, murphy, reads very much in line with something that joyce, or pynchon for that matter, may have written.
robert musil's the man without qualities is a modernist masterpiece that belongs on the list, as does the magic mountain by thomas mann. i think you could reasonably put buddenbrooks and doctor faustus by mann on that list, also. i'm about halfway through doctor faustus right now. i read buddenbrooks a little while ago. i read the magic mountain years ago, and i don't remember everything in it, but there are definitely a number of parts that i'm honestly not sure i'm ever going to forget considering i read the book years ago. i would be very surprised if you did not like the magic mountain given what you've listed. you may not think as much of buddenbrooks, but i think it's a very good novel.
william trevor is a quiet writer, and people on reddit tend to like loud writers. william trevor does not write in a style similar to pynchon, and he hasn't written a novel on par with gravity's rainbow, but william trevor was a great short story writer. both he and alice munro are amazing short story writers, and they're not any less talented than pynchon just because they don't tell loud stories or cram unrelated science and pop culture references in their books. i recognize that the short story is not comparable to a novel exactly, as they are different forms, but i think william trevor's short stories (i've read almost all of them. something like 175.) are better than gravity's rainbow or anything by david foster wallace that i've read. they're certainly more heartfelt. i hesitate to use the "honest" because i'm not always sure what it means in fiction. however, trevor's writing is the kind of thing you can pick up and read and really see someone unlike yourself. he's able to put himself into many different people's heads very, very well. it's a different approach to writing than pynchon. the prose doesn't draw attention to itself.
edit: song of solomon by toni morrison counts, i think, as a post modern work. it's got a bunch of crazy stuff: flying black people, witches, ghosts. toni morrison is a black woman who isn't really a political radical, so she gets ignored on reddit, but i'm a white dude who grew up playing videogames and watching super hero cartoons, and i've read way more toni morrison than thomas pynchon. i've read 8 of her books. i've only read 3 by pynchon. i know his novels are longer, on average, but that's still a significant amount more morrison. i've done that by choice. i haven't read either author in school.
paul bowles and vs naipaul probably belong on this list, also, if you're talking about "comparable in talent" to pynchon. and if we're allowed to go back to the turn of the century, borges. and most of the stuff gabriel garcia marquez wrote.
i'm probably going to get yelled at for this since it's reddit. i loved moby dick. and pynchon was important to me when i was in my early twenties. but i've read gravity's rainbow, v, and the crying of lot 49, and i feel like there's more noise to pynchon than there is substance. i get that that is part of the point... but i'd rather beckett or joyce. i loved gravity's rainbow. i'm just not sure it really should be considered the epitome of american fiction. it's absolutely not the epitome of american fiction if you're including south america in "american". garcia marquez probably wins that as far as the big name famous stuff goes. i'm not an authority. clearly, when there are thousands of books published a year, i have not read everything. but love in the time of cholera and 100 years of solitude are better books than anything i've read by pynchon has written, and a good chunk (if not all) of the stuff i've read by faulkner and bellow.
i'm also obligated to mention chekhov and naguib mahfouz if we're talk what's great and not just popular on reddit. and in search of lost time, middlemarch, wings of the dove, to the lighthouse, the sleepwalkers, the interrogation, the red and the black, the collected stories of isaac babel, dennis johnson's jesus' son and train dreams. his angels is good, but tree of smoke was kind of overrated. of the stuff of his i've read jesus son and train dreams are the best, even though they're short.
you should read kafka if you haven't, although i feel like that goes without saying since you're probably male and you're talking about books on reddit. italo svevo's zeno's conscience. hunger by knut hamsun. the counterfeiters. someone mentioned journey to the end of the night. (clearly) dostoyevsky and tolstoy (anna karenina is better than war and peace, and it's not as dark as dostoyevsky, but it's just as good if not better than the 5 dostoyevsky novels i've read). the tin drum. blindness by jose saramago is pretty famous and it's really good, although i honestly like baltasaar and blimunda more. under the volcano. i never see under the volcano mentioned on reddit, but it's one of my favorite novels.
------
honestly no. first off you are taking books for literal evidence for things happening that clearly those involved can't even remember at all. all the people who were with super dude jesus wrote different stuff of the same events they were supposed to have been all witnessed firsthand. you know how police would treat different statements like that? they would know that literally everyone is lying and making things up and they would be trying to find out the real truth. so how come we people today are smart enough to know that people who can't even recollect the same event simply lie and make things up but some of us just can't accept that just lies written down on super old paper doesn't make it more legit or the truth. so much for great jesus who probably was just a random dude his friends desperately promoted to be the son of god because they can because people are stupid.
also god is a petty and self-centered maniac if you actually believe the bible. remember how he asked someone to murder a loved one to test his faith in god? if someone in real life did this he would be in prison for conspiring to have a person killed. and there are lot more stories of this super loving god all being psycho in the bible.
but also the standard of good your god, jesus and this whole religion is promoting is that whatever shit you do all will be forgiven if you just pray it away. that's why priests rape little children ever since the founding of the church. that's why everyone in the whole church was for centures corrupt and just after their own wealth and desires. if the church is so all good now, why did your god let the people who claimed to act in god's will, all the priests, the bishops, the pops, just rob people of their money, indulge in every sin possible and hurt the people believing in them for centuries?
even now noone working for the church is being elected by super holy god. they are elected by humans. they are voted. there is nothing holy or godly about them. god never chose them. so how can they spread the messages of god when god never asked them to? when god didn't choose them but some old men who were chosen by other old men?
this is just a whole religion run by humans lying about talking to god when not even the most important decision, the election of the pope is done by god. you could argue that god chose those who vote for the pope but then why would god chose those who vote and not the pope itself? it's just a big contradiction. why would he randomly decide to interact with earth but most of the time act like earth and humans mean nothing to him?
also why didn't he tell his awesome son jesus or anyone other about the universe? about other planets? even about life outside of earth we didn't even find yet? because he's petty and didn't feel like it? or more likely because he is just made up by people who didn't know of any of this back in the day they lived so they couldn't incorporate this in their big liar story?
but you know what the worst about your super awesome religion is? that you people are actually the worst people on this planet. and wanna know why? because every little kindness you show is not based on you guys being kind people but you believing that your god wants you to act this way. and every bad thing you do you simple brush off because you know you can pray it away and not go to hell for being a bad person. it's like you live with a free card to do everything you want and honestly most people really act that way. i live in a religious country, i had an religious upbringing so i really know what i'm talking about and the christian kids and adults have always been the worst of people. every thing that you are not supposed to do by their holy bible the literally do every single day. they can't be decent people because they don't think they have to own up to their shit because they'll just pray their shit away. that's how religious people live. and that's why the less religious or even atheists are way better and kinder human beings. because we know that being a good person is not about going to hell or heaven but about treating other people like you want to be treated. with kindness. easy as that. you don't need a religion to teach you how to be a decent human being and if you do you are probably just a really bad person and just can't accept it.
and yes for me you are a bad person because you are super self-centered and make the problem of another person all about your obsession with religion. you are not even trying to help at all. this isn't kind. you aren't kind. so instead of obsessing further in your faith i would recommend you buy a non-religious book about kindness and how to be kind and learn how to be an actual helpful and kind human being.
------
" unto queen sylvanas windrunner, dark lady of the forsaken and warchief of the horde, king anduin llane wrynn gives respectful greetings. i write to you with a proposition that has nothing to do with armies, territories, or goods, but it is one that i believe will serve both the horde and the alliance. i can cut directly to the heart of the matter. when you approached the alliance, seeking a home for your people, you were refused. we were still reeling in terror from what arthas had done to lordaeron and couldn't understand that your forsaken were truly different. i have spoken recently with a king who was greatly respected in life... have learned that despite all he has endured, he still follows the light. his name is alonsus faol, and he was once archbishop of lordaeron. he has agreed to be a go - both in the interest of helping both the living and the undead. this missive is about families. families that were torn apart not by blood and alliance but by arthas, who rained despair and devastation upon all of us. spouses, children, parents - - so many separated, divided first by death, then by fear and anger. perhaps, before we can work together, those driven apart can at last be reunited. we are not currently at war. but i am not so naive as to believe that means hostilities do not still linger. we have experienced recent tumultuous change to our very world in the form of azerite - - a manifestation of the pain azeroth herself is feeling. with him, we could direct our exploration of this substance in ways that can save her. let us therefore focus on a smaller but no less important gesture of unity as a first step toward a potential alliance that benefits both the horde and the alliance. i propose what amounts to a single day of a cease - fire. on this day, those families who have been divided by war and death will have a chance to meet with the ones they lost. participation will be strictly voluntary. all those on the alliance side will be thoroughly vetted, and no one who i believe would be a danger amongst the forsaken will be allowed. i would ask the same of you. we will determine a limited number of participants. a settlement suitable for this event is the arathi highlands. i will have my people assemble at the ancient fortress of stromgarde keep . thoradin's wall is close to a horde outpost. there, in the open field, with sufficient protection as agreed upon by the two of us as leaders of human and forsaken, these ruptured families will meet. it will last from dawn until dusk. with your agreement, archbishop faol and other priests will facilitate, assist, and offer comfort as needed. should any harm befall my people, be certain i will not hesitate to retaliate in kind. i also understand that should my people harm any forsaken, you will do likewise. as a priest, as king of stormwind, and as the son of varian wrynn, i will guarantee safe passage to the forsaken who choose to be involved. if this cease - fire is successful, it could be repeated. do not mistake this for an offer of peace. it is only an offer of a single day's compassion for people who were cruelly torn apart by a force that was neither the horde nor the alliance. you and i have both lost family, warchief. let us not force that upon others who, like us, did not choose it. done this day by my hand, king anduin llane wrynn " there's anduins letter to sylvanas, which by in - large is about trying to build a unity between the alliance and the horde so future generations won't hold the same hostility that the current does. letter very much seems to be talking about finding peace, so i'm not sure what the guys is talking about.
------
maintenance isn't too different from any other japanese bike. i bought my vstrom with ~ 22000 miles on it, have put on nearly another 22000, but have not yet needed new chain, sprockets, or rocker pads. some of that is down to proper chain maintenance, some to the fact it isn't a crotch rocket with a super powerful engine and i don't ride like a jackass ( usually : ). tires are just as with any other motorcycle - some last longer than others, and you're very doing well to get 10000 + miles out of a rear tire. the dl1000 engine is very reliable. i had my valve clearance checked at about 37000 miles, and it was spot - on. hadn't changed a bit since the last valve clearance check ( around 15000 miles ). the major pain in the ass has been electrical issues. by that i mean, charging system problems. my 2007 dl1000 was ( probably ) on its original stator but i bought the bike at about 22000 miles. by ~ 25000 miles, the stator was burned out. rotor magnets had also shifted out of position. short story short, i ended up replacing / repairing / upgrading the entire charging network, from stator to battery. i also installed a charging voltage meter, so i can tell if there's a problem before i get stranded ( this is just basic eqiupment for any bike imo ). haven't had any charging problems for about a year / the last 12000 miles. i'm probably making it sound worse as it is. the charging system was a larger issue for the first few generations of dl1000 and dl650. some vstrom owners never had a problem. all this has been dealt with, through design revisions and recalls, in newer generations of vstrom ( roughly 2010 - present ). the guys with recent - model dl1000 / dl650's don't seem to have charging issues. if it's been too few years old, you should be fine ( probably install a voltage meter anyway! ). i've had to replace both of my power hoses ( inlet and outlet ). at over 10 years old, they had lost their elasticity and were leaking slightly. under < cur > 20 each. easy to replace, not a big deal. as for replacement parts : in general they're affordable, about on par with any other japanese bike. suzuki does not seem to go out of their way to gouge you. you can often find used parts on ebay, if you're on a budget. some of the more - commonly - broken controls : < cur > 40 - < cur > 70 each for things like the clutch & brake levers, shift lever, rear brake pedal, anything you're likely to break off or damage in a drop / low - speed crash. all of which i have done at least once, except for the brake lever. you can also do a cheap fix with a lever saver. not as pretty as a pristine factory clutch lever, but much cheaper. get crash bars ( aka " engine guard " ), whether you plan to ride unpaved roads or not. these prevent a lot of damage when you drop the bike ( and you almost inevitably will! ). if you do plan to go on dirt, get a skid plate as well. those two things will pay for themselves, eventually. seat height : it's rather tall, in the neighborhood of 31 ", depending on year and aftermarket seats. so that should be fine for you. luggage : my vstrom came with givi / kappa monokey side and top cases. i like the givi monokey system, because replacement parts are fairly cheap and easy to replace. for example, i replaced all 3 locks ( so they could all use the same key ) for around < cur > 30. i've mangled both of my side cases in offroad shenanigans, yet repaired them for about < cur > 20 each time. windshield : california scientific makes an extra tall windshield for vstroms. being a taller dude, you may want this. i'm 6'2 " and i just got their " xl " vstrom windshield. it's sooooo nice on the highway. i can sit up straight, see over the top of the windshield, and yet not have a face full of buffetting. lots more info is at the stromtrooper forums ( < url > ). there are specific sub - forums for different model years, so you can do more research when you find a used vstrom on craigslist etc. hope this helps!
------
hijacking this post to raise awareness : i am also a firearms owner, i have 9 ranging from wwii rifles to modern military black rifles. i don't work because i cannot bring myself to kill another living creature myself. weirdly enough this brings the ire of certain anti gun people " why do you have guns if you don't hunt? " " sorry i just like firearms but don'ya want to kill something fuck me right? " anyways, one of the issues that are faced by the couple million firearm owners in canada is the uncertainty of the laws. canadian gun laws is often vague and it is up to the discretion of leo's to decide how they wish to enforce them. you may be told that what you possess is perfectly legal one day and then face confiscation and criminal charges the next month from a different officer. an example of this would be beowulf magazines ( there is no specific law regarding them, just a memo from the rcmp making them legal, but prohibited at the same time ) on top of that weapon classification is at the discretion of the rcmp not elected officials so they can suddenly declare a rifle that got legally purchased to be prohibited making a law abiding gun owner a criminal overnight. a recent example of this is swiss arms and cz issue where guns that individuals paid thousands for were declared prohibited and required to be destroyed or forfeited. this was eventually overturned and they were declared non - restricted again after being temporarily illegal. dicey times for law abiding citizens, particularly ones who don't want to be out < cur > 2000 + because a beaurocrat didn't like how their gun looked. plus if you look at the list of prohibited weapons, some of them don't make sense. the firearm are listed specifically by name. the list includes prototype guns of which never became available for purchase ( g11 ), guns that " look scary " ( spaz12 ), guns that were home made guns from another country, and guns that are functionally identical to legal guns but are illegal because they are listed by name ( some bolt action 50 cals despite 50 cams being legal ) so some of the laws aren't exactly logical. a bull pup gun ( magazine and firing mechanism behind bars ) are legal. but if you purchase sufficient kit to turn a legal rifle into a bullpup it becomes a prohibited weapon. if you speak to most canadian gun owners you will find they are reasonable people. few are asking for automatics or silencers or drum magazines. what we really want are clear, concise laws that make sense. make it easy for us to follow the law rather than make us live in a grey area where we could be criminals depending on which leo we run into that day.
------
airline pilot here to kind of bring some light on your points;
we would all love for the company to give us "crew meals"'as we call them. some places get them, most don't. most time we just offered leftover first class meals from the flight attendant in flight. airlines are all about one thing. profit profit profit! you'll never see things like checked bags fees go away. ever. on the basis of "there is no such thing as a free lunch", if an airline were to start providing meals all the time to its employees, well someone's gotta pay for it, and that will cut into their bottom line. in the 1980s, american removed one olive from each of its first class meals and i believe it saved them about <cur>300,000 a year. now imagine just splurging on a whole meal for each of their pilots, ( american mainline pilots get meals under their contract, but their regional pilots do not). anyway long story short, a lot of money.
next with the changing of the plane, it really depends on the day. sometimes you keep the same plane all 2-4 legs a day. sometimes you change planes multiple times a day. and this is can done for dozens and dozens of reasons. some being, some have deferred items (broke stuff) and can't operate under certain circumstances. others have some more serious (but fly able) broken things and they want that plane to go to a certain city because they may have a maintenance base there. airlines don't always have maintenance in there hubs, the regionals especially have just some smaller towns where they fix planes over night, like south bend, boise, knoxville, des moines etc to name a few places regionals have mechanics for overnight work. anyways there is other reasons too why you might do a plane swap, sometimes you get to a hub and you have a 3 hour sit before your next flight, but that plane will continue to go out and keep flying and another crew will take it.
it is extremely common to start in a new airport everyday. it's called an "overnight". so a pilot or a flight attendant will have their respective "base". this is where they start and finish their trips. but ever wonder how a pilot got to a small town airport for that 6am flight? well they were there for their overnight. a typical day is usually, fly from your hub to an outstation, by back to said hub (or maybe another hub for that airline) and then fly to another outstation and stop, go to your hotel and be done for the day, then the next day you show up to the airport at that out station and fly back to a hub, go to another out station and back and then off to another out station and overnight etc etc etc. this usually goes on for 3-5 days. on that last day you arrive in your base and go home. some people live in the area and drive home, some "commute" and take an airplane to their home via their travel benefits or jumpseat on a different carrier. i myself commute and it's quite common.
your last paragraph is spot on. but you get the hang of it. sorry i got a little rambles, feel free to ask questions of you want clarification.
------
the golden company argument is the most doubtful for me actually. you say that they wouldn't support anyone but blackfyre. but the exact contrary goes for jon connington. he won't support anyone but his friend rhaegar's son. thus, joncon must have convinced that faegon is a targ. then there's faegon himself. does he know he's a blackfyre and tricks joncon all the time? unlikely, in most versions of the theory faegon considers himself a legit targaryen. so the golden company will trick both of them and not let the truth out. but gc is not a single entity. it was just 10k men, at least 500 westerosi knights, probably several thousand westerosi commoners. the command itself counts a dozen men or so. is the support for blackfyres the ultimate goal for them all? if so, then all of them should know faegon's true identity, otherwise they wouldn't support a prince they thought to be a targaryen. but this secret can't be spread amongst thousands of men on certainty of being revealed. it also can't be restricted to the men in high command, cause why would the troops support them in this, inexplicable for them, switch of allegiance? if blackfyres are what matters for gc, it matters for whole unit, not just few men on top. and to say that the whole unit will fight for faegon because he's a blackfyre implies neccessity that whole unit is aware that he is treason, otherwise their motivation is meaningless. what i argue is that's impossible, because the truth would too easily come to light. joncon himslef was also a member of gc and stood quite high in treason. how would other officers know the actual plot without him knowing? and besides, whith a seemingly significant influx of new members after robert's rebellion and long years passed since this last blackfyre pretendent death, does this black dragon still really matter for most of them? a few zealots at best. it's often brought up with the gc spurned viserys once already. it's used as an example that the gc won't fight for a real targaryen. but the plan all along was for viserys and later daenerys to join their forces with gc and faegon. the name targaryen doesn't seem to make that much problem to them. ultimately, why shouldn't illyrio's words to tyrion be true? black dragon or red, after all these years the blackfyre cause is dead, old allegiance is meaningless and all these people want is to return to westeros and grab some land and wealth for themselves. doesn't it fit the cynnical world? i mean, with all that mummer's dragon, rusted dragon and so on, i won't be surprised if he's fake. although i think it would make more sense that only varys and illyrio know who he is and whole world, golden company included, considers him a targaryen.
------
yes i was including the legal aspect but your post mostly seems to be focused on the social aspect. you primarily talked about how people are labeled judgemental if they criticize the wisdom of someone else's decision to reproduce.
i.e that people should be free to judge the decisions of others including whether or not they chose to reproduce.
while i agree it is selfish to purposely become a single parent, i do think it is extremely judgemental for other people to make comments about the "worthiness" of another person to reproduce from a genetic standpoint. so i am also talking about the social and cultural aspect of judging another's reproductive choice based solely on their "detective" genes
the reason i feel this is super judgemental is because it reeks of hypocrisy. i could easily point the finger at a single mom and say "yikes" and then never do the same thing myself. but i cannot do that with genes.
i could say "people with a family history of heart attacks, stop reproducing" only to have that same group of people point the finger back at me for having depression. the problem is that no one person is exempt from crappy genes.
a person might have excellent cardiovascular and physical health in their family, but also have a history of alcoholism. should i say "why would you want to risk your kids becoming alcoholics?". (alcoholism does appear to have genetic factors).
if i broke with my boyfriend because of the cancer in his family, wouldn't people claim i was a heartless insensitive monster? yet for some reason, it is ok to reject people over mental health issues. but in reality, cancer has a much higher mortality rate than mental illness and mental illness is far easier to treat.
yet dumping someone because of their genes is socially acceptable in one scenario, and but the other scenario makes you a completely heartless bitch?
note: i never have, nor ever will consider dumping my boyfriend over his family's history of cancer. i feel very saddened by it. i trust and hope that the same fate will not take my children. but i acknowledge it is possible for them to get cancer. but i will not develop anger or hatred towards my husband over something that grieves him too
the only reason i point it out is because everytime they throw my "corrupt genes" in my face and use it for foder against me, i want to scream back at them that their dna is not perfect either.
but i hold my tongue because i realize the implications of saying such a thing. i just wonder why one is allowed and the other is taboo
------
my husband and i have a really good relationship. we know each other so well and have very similar needs and goals in life. our sex life has been on fire lately. one aspect in particular that had been receiving more attention was dirty talk regarding a threesome (ffm).
i don't identify as straight, and although having strong emotional attachments, have never sexually been with a woman. when i met my partner i could have gone my whole life never having explored that route and i would have been satisfied. but once the dirty talking began, it certainly made my mind wander.
perhaps it started with a wig, or a statement like "i wish i could fuck two of you at the same time" and it progressed from there. overtime it developed into explicit descriptions of what we wanted to see or do with one another + 1. it began as something brought up during the act, and then became fuel that ignited it.
as it became more and more of a serious discussion we were more aware of the possible consequences. many relationships don't survive the aftermath of it. so we did our homework. we discussed who, where, when, and what.
we decided that to avoid any sort of relationship complications between us and the third, we would hire a professional (which is not illegal where we live). this way we did not have to worry about it being a friend or trying to pick someone up online or in the world - which isn't an aspect that appealed to either of us. we both agreed that it was more important that i chose and that she checked off my boxes. petite, natural breasts, and if she had an alt look to her that was a bonus, although it was not a common finding. on top of that, she obviously had to be comfortable with couples. this was the most difficult part because many places didn't advertise this openly. after some disappointing phone calls, we came across one profile, and i basically made the real life equivalent of the heart eye emoji. brightly dyed hair, very visible tattoos and an ass that was an 11/10. after some fumbling with setting it up, we had finally booked it, and the anticipation gutters set in.
in case the event did not go well, i did not want it to take place in our house. i did not want to be reminded of it in the space that i live in daily. we opted to rent a hotel room. also a king sized bed allowed for a lot more leg room.
there were a few stipulations about when - we wanted it on a saturday because of our work schedules. i regularly get waxed (and don't shave in between) so i wanted to make sure that it was recently done. and obviously i didn't want to be on my period.
what would take place was the longest most thought out discussion. what were our boundaries, what could each person do to one another? we opted to treat it as a two time event with multiple stages. basically in the first event (which is what happened) the contact between my husband and the third would be minimal, and the contact between myself and my husband would slowly increase through the stages. we broke it down like this
stage 1: women and do whatever, man watches, can talk but nothing super explicit or controlling.
stage 2: women can still do anything, husband and wife can go to third base, no deliberate contact between husband and third
stage 3: women can still do anything, husband and wife can have sex, light touching between husband and third but no penetration.
and then if that all went well we would have a second event wherein he would play more or a role (fmf).
also there were a couple general rules - no anal play, no cumming inside her and we had safe words.
we typed all this up and handed it to the third before we began to make sure we were all on the same page (literally and figuratively).
the threesome itself was very enjoyable. slightly awkward at first while we got into the rhythm of things. i came twice, my husband once, and i think she came too - that's the only downside to paying someone, you can't really be too certain of how much they are actually enjoying it. but at the same time it takes away the pressure to have all three people being satisfied at once.
afterwards we talked, shared pictures of our pets and then she left. we lay on the bed together for a bit. i was surprised at how i felt. nothing felt bad, nothing felt like a boundary had been crossed. it didn't feel like our marriage had been contaminated or was at risk for falling apart. it felt like we hung out with someone and then they left, we just happened to have all been naked and orgasming in between.
part of our aftercare was having a bath. so once we were home (we didn't stay at the hotel) we had an amazingly relaxing bath and then had sex again. and it felt just as good as it did before having a threesome.
and that's how we survived a threesome.
tl;dr - happily married husband and wife hire an escort for a threesome, have lots of discussions and rules ahead of time. everything goes flawlessly, couple does not break up because of threesome.
edit:
on calling it a threesome: i don't care if this isn't a threesome by your standards, that's fine. one commenter let me know that this is sometimes called a "v". does just the tip count as sex? some people will say yes, and some will say no. it's based on personal opinions, and that's totally cool. this is a post from my perspective and i had sex with two people. i think you would probably call it a threesome if it were mfm and the guys didn't interact. even if one only got a bj and the other got piv, most people would still call it a threesome.
on my husbands pleasure: thank you so much for your concern about my husband's experience, although all the comments arguing that it was not fair/he didn't enjoy it/he's a pushover - you actually infuriated him. he was very upset by how people were talking as if they had any knowledge outside of the words of this post on our relationship or what happened during the threesome. he had a great time, honestly, stop worrying about him! also this is completely besides the point of the post and was deliberately left out, the post is about the amount of communication that made this whole thing work for us. and not gonna lie, i think the majority of these types of comments are from straight men who couldn't imagine a threesome not revolving around their dick. sorry, not sorry.
on the rules: it's fine that these rules don't appeal to you, your rules probably don't appeal to me, and that's okay! the point of this post isn't the exact details, it's how we had a plan, we worked on that plan, and we executed it as a couple. healthy communication! and the reason for the majority of rules pertaining to my husband's actions is because 1) he has had a threesome before, 2) he has had casual sex before, 3) he has slept with an escort before. i had done none of that nor had i been with a woman. i wanted to move at a slower pace and we both agreed that would be best for everyone. as well, he was given every opportunity to make rules, to discuss rules, and to back out or change his mind at any time. we agreed to all of this together. and because it worked so well, next time we are all going to have that much more fun!
edit #2 because i forgot
on "surviving" : i chose to use this word because of how many posts and stories discuss a relationship ending after a threesome. maybe not right after but the guilt or animosity lingers after the encounter. i could have called it something else but i liked that title and i thought it flowed well with how i was approaching it like this post would be a rough idea of a survival guide for others, or an example of such a guide.
------
> so south sudan still has too much government for your liking? needs more war and strife before it becomes a paradise, amirite? i'm not sure where you're getting the idea that the government of south sudan ( which is basically a military dictatorship, their gdp military spending is insane ) is somehow " libertarian ". > first : private companies exist to make a profit. companies that are losing money will literally cease to exist which is a form of quality control. and i mean, what do you suppose the economy is? companies existing for charity? do you think government is charitable? that they exist to serve us? lol > in order to turn a profit, the service must either be more expensive or worse quality versus a service provider that just breaks even, i. e. the government ah well there's where you're wrong. what makes you think government " breaks even " on their monopolies? how do you even define breaking even when it's an entire government? there are government businesses that definitely make money for the government. revenue just gets spent in other ways, it's really sitting there as " profit " for shareholders. except, when they spend it on other programs, that's basically like they are selling payouts to their shareholders, the taxpayer. it's really no different except government holds a monopoly on whatever industry they want. > telecom : municipal isps are less expensive and faster. exclusivity agreements between private isps avoid risk and inflate prices. private isps profit off a crisis by throttling the internet speeds for emergency services. overall poor value in rural areas, i. e. bad service for a high price. our telecom issues are not a problem of not enough government. government is deeply involved in our telecom industry. it's insanely hard for smaller or local isp's to exist in canada, which is why they don't. > healthcare : private healthcare is effective if you can afford it, but overall it's more expensive for a worse outcome, see us healthcare index examples the usa is not privatized healthcare. the us has medicare, medicaid, etc. not to mention there are enormous levels of government ( fda ) regulations that delay drugs, or grant it monopolies on certain drugs or treatments ( which raises the price ), etc. the us is also the worst of both worlds because it has the worst elements of private healthcare, and the worst elements of public healthcare. it's not like our healthcare system is so great. there are tons of drugs and medicine that aren't covered by your government insurance, there are enormous wait times for everything, and we have roughly half the number of doctors available for people ( roughly same number of doctors per capita as the us, but roughly double the number of visits people make ).
------
> i don't know if you care about actual progress, but this kind of mentality that " nothing really works anywhere anyways " is very harmful to moving forward in our societies, and is very popular with authoritarian regimes because it perpetuates the idea that things can't get better and other governments are just as corrupt as theirs, only they hide secrets. i completely approve. i would argue that the majority of the us population is very complacent with the current state as their country and, in general, believes that their country is more progressive and free than it really seems. sticking your head in the sand isn't a way to create progress - criticising and inciting social change is. if comparing the us to china is an effective method if condemning an action ( because china is seen as an enemy ) and this in turn instigates change, then that is a good thing. > the united states certainly has its faults, and the sabotage of this book isn't great, but in general american government does pretty well with handling ( or rather, not handling ) dissent and opposition. in fact the popular media right now is incredibly critical of our current administration constantly, and that's already on a whole other level than what is allowed in china. nobody us claiming that the us is as bad as china. the comment that you responded to is making an observation about the way in which the general us population looks down upon other countries for transgressions that their own country is guilty of, all the while being ignorant or accepting of those transgressions when it occurs within their own country. additionally, just how media coverage is currently turning on the dumpster fire of an administration you elected, it had a completely different effect pre - election. one incidentally positive action doesn't show that you us is a magical and free country. > throwing around claims of equivalency without nuance because you're cynical is dishonest and irresponsible. how is it dishonest and irresponsible? it's a completely valid criticism to make. the us has * many * problems with corruption, from political donations to media monopolies. just because the us isn't literally a dictatorship like china doesn't somehow mean that it's invalid to compare the two. they have both superpowers that will face similar difficulties, and comparing how the countries handle those issues is pretty important. ultimately, this comment feels like it has nothing to do with perspective, and everything to do with defending some misplaced sense of national pride.
------
> you're basically saying that because kavanaugh is a public figure he should expect to be falsely accused of aggravated assault ( and rape and gang - rape ). and, i suppose, shouldn't get all huffy and try to defend himself when it happens. not at all, although i suppose some might take it in that way. what i'm saying is, he got huffy and puffy about the intense controversy of his whole school year book, his character, and his past. this is something that he absolutely should have expected, and was not prepared for, i suspect, because there was an effort to hide details that pertain to him before the allegations came out. he was constantly belittling senators for looking at his yearbook, when his yearbook contradicts the image he painted of himself. i don't think anyone to be happy if false allegations are made against them. i don't blame him for mounting an impassioned defense. all i am saying is that when you make yourself a public figure, you better be prepared for mud to be slung in your direction, and for your past to be torn apart and examined. it is, unfortunately, a sacrifice everyone in high profile positions must make. > you're also making some kind of twisted assertion at this same time that the clinton's should be empathized with because of allegations made against them. but aren't they public politicians as well? shouldn't they expect that? oh no, i'm not saying they should just default. i'm saying that they've had more mud than anyone else in recent memory slung at them, and i don't hear them screaming about how their reputation or how they can't do hobbies anymore. i'm sure they expected it, and i'm sure she made that calculation before she ran for president. > however, kavanaugh didn't accuse them of anything. here's what he actually said.... fair enough. it still seems a little loony to me, but you are correct that he did not directly implicate them. > actually, there were plenty of people saying that during hilary clinton's time before the benghazi hearing. i'm not sure of your point. my point is, and after there was no wrong doing found from both the benghazi hearing, but the fbi's investigation, the entire republican party was still screaming " lock her up! ", even as she was exonerated. there was absolutely no one on the right saying she was innocent of whatever it was she was being accused of, and her reputation was tarnished completely, and this isn't even counting all the fake news going around about her as well. > but finally, no one should expect to be falsely accused of anything and then to be " convicted " of it in the national media for weeks while their family and reputation are destroyed. when you are a public figure, that is the sacrifice you must make, and the burden of proof is different in the court of public opinion. again, look at what the clintons have been accused of. look at what obama has been accused of. this is what politics is, and with the supreme court now a political institution, this is going to happen for here on out. of course, you can't simply make things up about a person, but one must calculate that anything in the past will be blown up and multiplied the further up they go in the public eye. > and the way you've stated it, you're basically saying he was asking for it by pursuing a career that put him in the public eye. that's shameful. no one asks for this. no one asks for it, but they must be prepared for it. if you do not want your past torn apart and examined under a microscope, you cannot be in a public role. whether you have done something or not, that is exactly what is going to happen.
------
i can't take this anymore. i have to speak. since i was in 3rd grade i've always been heavily depressed. me've always been into making art and music but that died after the incident. ages 11 - 13, i was sexually abused by a male relative who shall never be named. i won't go into too much details but let's say this person meant the world to me on that point, and my mind was turning over the place while it was all happening. i didn't have any resistance or strength to fight back, i'm a fairly small person on average and the rapist was twice my size. he kept the door shut and when i went to run out to call for help he would just pull me back by my shirt vigorously which proceeded to strangle me. he told me he would stop if i just let him do what he wanted to do and i honestly thought i was going to die, but after going to high school when he went to college i could only assume i was. women weren't badly perceptive of me, they usually think i'm cute and like to talk but being heavily sexually repressed and damaged i lacked any sort of masculine certainty which drove them all away from me. it sucked, some even wanted to give me a harder time and just started spreading rumors that i would rape them. after counselors called me in i told them what happened and they asked if i had told my parents, which i didn't, because i genuinely believed that forgiveness was the answer because i was a christian pussy. anyways god forced me to open up to them, which only spiralled to hell. i had to drop out because all the teaches and staff found out and eventually as word kept spreading i couldn't sleep at night. i couldn'm focus and i've never felt so empty in my entire life. i've turned to dealing and abusing drugs only to get arrested and serve probation for 6 months, which led me to reconnecting with old friends from before 3rd grade. it was awesome, i thought i found a place where i could be accepted and as they started to take research chemicals and xanax things just went to shit and i had to work at panera and jimmy john's as mail delivery and inshop for 12 hours a day. mind you, these are guys who go to college. anyways i opened up about my situation to one of my friends because i genuinely thought he would stop being a dick to be but that only made matter worse. he would only use that to turn all my friends against me and they would just laugh me off when they stopped inviting me and just makes fun of how i'm stuck in the dark. it's fucked. i wanted to escape from the hell of being under the same roof as a predator and being put down by people i really cared about but they just vent fucking passive aggressive shit at me and just 3rd wheel me. so after working non - stop and cleaning people fucking toilets my stubs were growing so i managed to find rent. my housemates were kind until my car broke down and they started to collectively scheme me out. i was doing my best to help them out because my housemate would always tell me " if you see the dog outside or if the kids are giving him a hard time, please help him out, or else you'll be out! " so i was keen on taking care of the dog and children. before my car broke down i would always come home at 6 am with cookies and subs for the kids to eat, while the parents enjoyed using my rent money. the father and i would smoke dabs nightly, and talk about deep topics. it was 8 people with one bathroom, so it was really the real full house! anyways the daughter and son were playing fortnite and the daughter was suffocating the dog under the blanket. i caught that in a split and told them to stop but they wouldn't. so i just walked over, lifted the blanket from the front without looking inside, and the dog stopped barking, quickly jumped out, and just smiled at us then went over to his water dish. all was well except for the fact that i needed to find a new car so i wouldn't lose my job. the daughter kept asking me when she would give her cookies and i kept telling her no cookies because my car isn't starting. she started to treat me differently after that, she would just pick on me with her brother and when i wanted to be bright and optimistic she would just go back to her room in disappointment. once i called someone for a car with a reasonable price, i went out for a few days to get everything sorted, but the father ( who isn't the real dad by the way ) gave me texts telling me to leave because the daughter thought i was planning to rape her, because i lifted the covers to look inside. what the fuck? first of all, i am not attracted and have no reason to sleep nor check her out. secondly, i'd give worse credit for the parents to believing such bs. i've worked with them for many years and they know better than this. even when i opened up to the father about my past he just said that's exactly why i'm going to rape her and i was like what the fuck man, you don't see sandy hook victims shooting up other schools? that's not how this works. i've felt nothing but pain and suffering from it and i know that pain shall never be passed on to someone else. so i lectured them some more, told them to go fuck themselves, then managed to find another apartment. for the time being, i honestly don't know what the fuck to thing at that point. is god fucking with my life? is my life supposed to be hell? i keep blaming myself for not standing up but i've always been focused on other people rather than myself. i feel weak and all these events only made me feel weaker, why do these people i meet always tell me everything will be okay, and they proceed to make my life worse? why can't i find people who understand me and have went through similar events to grow stronger together? news came up a month later that my grandmother had a broken hip, breast cancer, and other sicknesses that needed to be monitored and recovered so after opening up to her, she understood, she has been through toxic relationships herself but much like me, we just sit and think about it. what should we do to fix it? why do these things happen to us? are things we share but knowing this we were able to sign for a lease for a home together and live an isolated, but questionably miserable life. now that i'm in a place where toxic people can't interfere with me, what do i do to fix me? i feel nothing but physically and mentally damaged from my life and when i want to pursue music and arts, i just feel every negative feeling at once, it's destroying me inside. i have dying family, what will be left of me? what am i here to do anyways? even if i know what to do, i just feel pain. i just want to be young and careless before 3rd grade and beyond, why am i even brought into this world? just to be abused?
------
well sir, recently published articles aren't really very important. pretty sure america is still committing genocide in the middle - east without ever explaining to even its own parents why. pretty sure most people can tell that there is serious corruption in the us government causing this and constantly making deals to help corporate interests over its citizens.. hmm i wonder if giant communications outlets could somehow be linked with this feeding the world propaganda plus a little bit of divisive and / or pointlessly distracting crap on top? but no all is well, there couldn'n possibly be a need for some direct action because next election americans can vote in someone better that will really change things because that has slowed down the war and corporate subsidies / tax incentives / bailouts basically every time someone new has been elected. everything is fine though, trusting what you've being told by the media and government never hurt anyone, and i'm sure all those brown people are terrorists anyways. i mean thats just a natural extension of what it means to be human. im sure overthrowing their governments, blowing up their cities, denouncing their people, murdering their children and funding some and influencing them to attack others for the last 65 years had no bearing on the previous 0. 001 % of their population who became them in the past. i mean we gotta think of the gays right? who have no excuse for missing out on our recent cultural revolution and holding outdated beliefs. its not our fault, they should've been discussing the real issues instead of being so focused on petty things like some perceived threat to their people and culture. its looked like it was credible anyways, cities crumbling around them and'conflict'deaths in their region soaring into the millions are anecdotal. silly people thats how the americans get involved in all these fights, they're just stabilize the region so you little buggers don't keep hurting each other, and you go an reject new ideals their culture recently developed. i mean that's going to mean you'll need a lot more stabilising.. now go and tell your families living in our countries that you're fine and happy and that they need to get out there and expose themselves and their easily influenced children to the glory of western culture and trusted media outlets. watching the kardashians will better for everyone than trying to gain influence in their politics. so what article did you want clarification on? something some judge did decades ago? trump ##s latest twitter war? kanye west's true feelings about taylor swift? what cryptic clue that game of thrones star was talking about? i dunno, im not really up to date on the real issues.
------
##welcome to the submarines ama!! we will be live going into the 5th. we will be answering questions all night on the ama. keep em coming :)
i am your host eric moreno. i am a us submarine veteran and the founder of r/submarines. i am bringing you an expert panel of submariners, explorers, historians, authors, researchers, pod-casters and the us submarine rescue "falcon-1" rov pilot. helping me with this ama is /u/kapitankurt (moderator of r/submarines and r/warshipporn).
the submarine world is one of the most unseen, unforgiving, classified, ground breaking and tight knit communities on the planet. we discover new life on almost every dedicated dive, explore the most dangerous places on earth and even research the origin of life. some of us live a life (akin to high security prisoners) hundreds of feet underwater, loaded with more firepower than all the wwii explosives combined, powered by a fission reactor, tasked with deterring species ending war... all while being endlessly hunted like an underwater trophy kill.
a vast majority of the submarine culture nurtures mis/disinformation. all aspects of the military and civilian culture have their own secrets. this ama is dedicated to providing a means to ask questions in a manner that is safe and comfortable for all parties.
operational security (opsec) is going to be maintained at the highest level to ensure the safety of everyone involved. **questions involving classified information will not be answered.** i apologize before hand if your question doesn't get answered. simple questions like "how deep can you dive?" or "how fast can you go underwater?" are usually classified. we get questioned about classified material all the time so don't hesitate to ask us anything. everyone cleared to work with classified information is trained on how to deal with questions. the panel will answer questions as they see fit and follow any procedures required of them.
###introduction:
+ /u/subama - david ayer - us veteran sonar tech on uss haddo - screen writer for u-571 - director, writer, producer.... i could go on for a while. just read his [imdb page](<url>) lol
+ /u/subresqpilot - us submarine rescue team "falcon-1" rov pilot
+ /u/joshdean66 - josh dean - author of ["the taking of k-129"](<url>). writer for gq, [mens health](<url>), popsci, [bloomberg](<url>), [task & purpose](<url>), and esquire
+ /u/scrappypunkgreg - greg m. krsak - us veteran mt2/ss - trident d5 strategic weapons system, uss kentucky (ssbn 737 gold) and uss alaska (ssbn 732 blue)
+ /u/oceangateinc - ceo stockton rush and marketing manager dana hall - [oceangate inc](<url>). - subaquatic exploration - currently testing their "titan" submersible down to 4000 meters with the 2019 goal of taking customers to explore the titanic.
+ /u/davidowen12345 - david owen - uk veteran sonar operator mechanic and leading engineering tech - hms tireless, [icex04](<url>)
+ /u/kingneptune767 - eric moreno - us veteran mm2/ss (auxiliary and weapons) uss hampton '03-'08, [icex04](<url>)
+ active mmc/ss (3mc) andrew currently serving as onboard uss asheville. i will be handling the questions for him as he inst a reddit user. he is currently undergoing a reactor safeguard inspection and will be very busy. he will only answer a few questions.
+ /u/navhistwriter12 - iain ballantyne - author/historian of ["the deadly trade"](<url>) and ["hunter killers"](<url>), editor of warships international fleet review magazine - <url>
+ /u/whibbler - osint analyst, researcher, and submarine artist guru - <url>, author of ["covert shores"](<url>) and the essential ["world submarines recognition guide"](<url>)
+ /u/jamesonandmotorcycle - veteran mm2/ss (auxiliary) fox - uss hampton ssn 767
+ /u/eeobroht - norwegian active radio/operations submariner - served on 5 ula class submarines
+ /u/sts0924 - us active sonar tech - sts2/ss gilbert - currently stationed on virginia-class uss colorado ssn-788
+ /u/vepr157 - russian and soviet submarine researcher/guru - moderator of multiple military subreddits including r/submarines - currently co-writing a book with norman polmar on aircraft carrying submarines
+ /u/maceast2nd - the ["submersion podcast"](<url>) dedicated to watching and reviewing every submarine movie or tv show in existence. they also keep up with the latest in submarine news and interview people from the community.
everyone on the panel has been instructed to hold of on answering any questions until 12p est to allow the up/down votes to filter questions.
this ama is going to stay at 100% active until tomorrow due to the time differences. everyone involved is scattered across 6 different time zones. the active submariners have unreliable schedules due to the nature of the job. we also have a few people taking business flights today. some replys maybe delayed due to this. i will keep everyone up to date if i am informed of any delays.
###proof - <url> - <url>
###additional proof - <url> - <url>
------
i'm a 42m and married for 9 years to a very beautiful woman. before marrying my wife i was a serial monogamist but had a very healthy and adventurous sex life with my previous partners. i miss that so much you have no idea. with previous partners there was always a mutual burning desire. i've had spontaneous sex on the kitchen floor, done oral in an airplane, and even in the open air in the woods. i'm also really into sexy lingerie, anal toys and more. what i miss most though is just the constant flirting and play.
but my wife thinks sex is dirty and wishes that it didn't exist. we do have sex, maybe once every three months. but she always has to initiate by asking "do you want sex?". if i ask or initiate the answer is always no. when we do have sex i inevitably go down on her for at least 30 minutes which she seems to really enjoy (and so do i) and then we have intercourse for about 2 minutes because when you have sex once every 3 months its kind of difficult to have any stamina. we have wonderful kids and a great family. i love my wife and my family very much and don't want to do anything deceitful or hurt her in any way, but i don't know how much longer i can take this. i don't feel like i am being myself, because i have to almost hide my fantasies and desires.
i have tried talking to her about this in the past, but her response is that she enjoys it when we do it but that usually she doesn't want to do it. she refuses to consider adding sex toys or wearing sexy lingerie. it wouldn't even be so bad if she wasn't so hot! she says i should just masturbate when i need to, and that's fine for temporary release of frustration but i still feel very empty without the intimacy, sensuality and eroticism in my life.
edit: adding this point because a few people are asking: we had plenty of sex before and just after we got married (about 6 months after), so i had no idea i would have to basically give up sex in the future.
i'm certain i'm not the only guy out there with this problem. i'm curious to hear any advice. thanks.
september 21: i have been thinking a lot about everyone's comments and suggestions from yesterday. thanks so much for the overwhelming response. i think most people have a need to be desired, some love to please others, and some just like receiving pleasure. my wife is very self confident and does not seem to have any need to feel desired, and while she enjoys seeing our kids happy, it is usually through doing something that she likes. she won't do something for the kids that would make them happy if she didn't like it. i think that translates to our sex life. i love pleasing my partner (and i don't only mean sexually) but she doesn't have that.
i will try talking with her, but i think there is an attitude toward sex that may not change. before getting married i used to photograph nude models (artistic), and i also bought some erotic charcoal sketches in europe from a gallery. one day we were cleaning out the basement and we came across these items and she said "wow you were obsessed." so i said "what do you mean 'were'? i still am." to which she replied "it's not something to be proud of."
------
> if that's the case why do you care what i think about the creation.
to increase my understanding of my fellow humans.
> btw pretty much all historians believe based on the evidence, that jesus of nazareth existed they just doubt some of his claims.
they use a form of probability. yes. most historians do believe that jesus existed. however, there is not a single first hand account of the man from the time of his life. none of the stories of him were even written by people who claimed to know him personally during his supposed life.
all of the stories about him were written decades or even more than a century after his death.
further, there is conflict in the location of his birth. there is a story of moving him to a city that did not yet exist to be part of a census.
so, i simply reject the hearsay, as would any court of law. if some actual evidence of his life turns up, i'll be fine with that. a human being who claims to be god is not even that unusual, nor is it earth-shattering.
for the miracles, i would definitely require hard scientific evidence.
> the idea that he didn't even exist has only been around for about 200 years. before that even atheists didn't deny his existence.
true. so? people are starting to reexamine the evidence and are finding that there never was any. the number of historians who do not believe in historical jesus is indeed small. but, it is growing.
> who am i to question god in the first place.
you are a human being, an adult, with a brain. it is your choice whether to examine the evidence or not. i don't think belief or nonbelief in any deity is a choice. i think that is a conclusion we reach.
but, you are choosing to reject the idea that you can even examine the evidence. i guess i have eaten the fig and you have not.
unfortunately, this will probably make this discussion very uninformative to me.
> there may be very good reasons that we don't understand whether it's part of the fall or for some other reasons i'm not sure. for example i can't see how you can make the eye different without the blind spot for the nerve bundle to actually receive light input to the eye?
the family of cuttlefish (cuttlefish, squid, and octopi) all have very complex eyes with excellent eye sight. their rods and cones face the source of the light rather than a mirror on the retina. they have no blind spots and no need for their brains to correct for seeing a mirror image.
> i'm not actually sure of the path for the nerves to voice box you spoke of. considering that function is not the most important for existence perhaps that is why. this of course is mere conjecture.
it's not really a question of importance so much as a question of whether the intelligent designer that creationists believe in is indeed an all-knowing and all-perfect being. evidence of a mediocre design is evidence of a mediocre designer or no designer at all.
further, the larynx is how we form language. the so-called great leap forward for humanity that took place 70-80,000 years ago is most commonly attributed to development of more complex language, which would not and does not show up in the fossil record. we see no evidence of a physical change in humans at that time.
> another conjecture i believe in is that god made things mid life. if he created adam and eve for example they couldn't have possibly been a single cell embryo or even a young child as they probably wouldn't have survived unless god fed them directly. so seeing he is god he probably made everything "mid-life".
i agree with this. if god created humans, he would have needed to create them able to survive without parents. i don't believe this happened. but, i believe it would be necessary for the god hypothesis to make any sense.
do you see this as having any effect on the questions i asked?
> all i know is that accepting jesus into my life has fundamentally, physically, emotionally, spiritually saved me. that's the truth that i see feel and know.
i'm glad for you. it would not help me at all. in fact, i think if i believed in god as described in the bible, i'd be paranoid about what he might have in store for me next. i'm much happier in my own knowledge that the universe is not an intelligence and does not possess either the kind or cruel attribute because it is simply not a conscious being.
> god bless
you do know it's very offensive to say this to someone whom you know is an atheist right? it's kind of like saying "fuck you and your whole world view. i'm right; you're wrong; i don't give a shit about you."
i'll give you benefit of the doubt that you did not realize this.
------
> dating apps are toxic for a lot of people how are dating apps toxic for a lot of people? how come? people seem to be doing fine with okcupid, plenty of fish and so on, at least i never heard them complaining about dating things, and i know plenty of people who met their significant others from dating apps. > what happens to those who don't want to use them? being single forever? they can meet potential partners organically? like people have been out in the western nations for the past 50 years or so? nightclubs, bars, wine events, music festivals, concerts, and by hanging out with their friends and getting introduced to someone who remain single? > most people can want jobs if they absolutely have to yeah, but there are jobs and then there are good jobs. with the state of the economy? i live in greece, it's not like jobs is for guys who happen to have them in the first place, you know? i have a friend of mine who has been working in the same restaurant for the past 10 years. he makes good money first things considered, he has good work schedules.. and he's the only guy who isn't 50 and he's surrounded by girls who work there in the kitchen as cooks, as waiters, at the receptionist desk, and although he finds them to be attractive and he's single - he would never dare flirt with any of them, and when they flirt with him he shuts that down quickly. < cur > are far more important than the guy having a romantic relationship. > you sound like you are very young and assume finding a partner will be easy. as a 30 - something woman, a lot of my friend group is already married with kids. and as a 28 year old man, i have a lot of friends who are already married and with kids, but i still still manage to come across women who are single. usually younger women. have you ever considered dating younger men? > again, you sound young, immature and judgemental. what is your arbitrary cut - off age for someone to not be married and to not be defective, in your eyes? you think it's better for people to go ahead and marry people they're not sure about rather than hold out and wait for the right person? yeah, ok. right. if the guy is average - looking but has decent social skills, the guy being mid 30s and never having lived with a woman / never married is going to make me raise an eyebrow. an attractive man with a good job, his own house, no college debt and no criminal record in his mid 30s to 40s who is still single? that is going to make me think that the guy is either in the closet, he has a low sex drive, he has really high standards in women, he either has a long string of broken relationships, or he only has a couple of relationships in his past and spent most of his life in one night stands and friendships with benefits, seriously, not a good potential relationship / marriage partner there. the only guys i know through my father who is older than the age of 50 and still single and never married are the guys you wouldn't want to introduce to your parents. although they are handsome, they're still very immature and don't want commitment and only want to have fun with women. if a woman is in her early to late 40s and she's not married, she's never been married, and she's single : i assume it's because almost half of the men over the age of 40 suffer from erectile dysfunction, are emotionally broken from past crappy relationships, are broke from paying child - support, or are physically or mentally or emotionally ill in some way or another, or have criminal records.
------
i'm not offended by what you said here, heroprincess. i'll address some of your points.. you mentioned you had a religious background. was it a christian denomination? what did it involve growing up? you brought up supposed contradictions in the bible. first, i would say that the 4 gospels are entirely in harmony with each other. two of them were written by eye witnesses, john and matthew. one was edited by a historian, luke, who interviewed the eye witnesses. one was written by mark, who was peters disciple. then you have eye witnesses accounts of what jesus said and did, either directly, or from someone that spoke to the eye witnesses. i am wondering if you've ever read the bible? was there anything from the bible that you enjoyed reading, if so? you've brought us a lot about the hypocrisy in the catholic church. have you ever heard of the reformation? that's what it was all about. a man named martin luther made many of the same points you did and because of that, christianity broke free from the tyranny of the catholic church and bibles were printed in the languages of the common people. i am not surprised about the corruption of roman catholic church because they teach and do many things contrary to what jesus taught us to do. therefore they do not represent christ as a church because they are basically apostate from biblical christianity. you said you think that atheists and non - believers are better people because they are sincerely kind rather than christians who only are kind to please god. that's an atheist talking point, to be sure, but it hasn't translated into much action, has it? in christianity, love is an action word. it isnt just something i say ; it's something you do. you couldn't calculate the amount of good christians have done in the world, like building schools, hospitals, helping and training the military, increasingly literacy, etc. i don't see many atheists doing anything like that. christians are way more conservative than secular people, giving even to secular charities at a higher rate. they're also better tippers, averaging 20 points. james put it this way : james 2 : 14 - 17 14 what does it profit, my brethren, if someone says he has faith but does not have works? can faith save him? 15 13 a brother or sister is naked and destitute of daily food, 16 and one of you says to them, " depart in peace, be warmed and filled, " but you do not give them the things which are needed for the body, what does it profit? 17 thus also faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead. you prove your love by what you do, not by what you say. so while you may claim that all christians are just hypocrites with impure motives, i would say there is quite a bit of evidence that isn't true. speaking for myself, when you know god and are loved by him, it totally changes you. it's not that i do loving things for others because god wants me to, but because god has changed my heart and given me sincere love for them. i want to help others because i care about them, not because i am getting something out of it. i see many of my christian brothers and sisters sincerely laboring for people, helping them when no one is looking, praying for them when they are sick, comforting them when they are hurting. christianity isn't a free pass for sinning, either. there are many warnings in scripture which say that if you live in sin, you will be cut off. god gives us grace but not that we can take advantage of it and live however we want. there are plenty of cultural christians who don't know the lord and put a stamp of christianity on everything they do, but they haven't been changed. this is because they aren't saved. let me ask you a question. do you think you're a good person? if so, why?
------
> ah, so you're one of these " taxation is theft " barking loonies. okay. no, i am not. i was not comparing taxation to theft, rather the act of taking money off a person, regardless of legality. you cannot say that not taxing one is giving one money for to give money, one first has to take money. now, if the government were to give a company a handout, that would be giving them money. > lowering taxes benefits the rich more than the poor ; actually, it benefits both parties, via trickle down economics. the more money business has, the more it can expand, creating new products and advancements and hiring more workers with better pay. those that do not will not do as well ( if your workers are unhappy your production will suffer ) will go broke. think of it as free trade evolution. > especially when it's offset by increases our sales tax, which has a negligible benefit on the rich but a much * larger * impact on the poor. has president trump raised sales taxes? > trump's tax plan benefits the rich, and * only * the rich. you mean the companies that hires workers and pay their wages, putting food on their tables? the corporate tax cuts mean they will have more money therefore can hire more staff, expand and eventually lower the price on whatever product or service they sell. > and it is to the detriment of pretty much everyone else. how so? how does it enable a company to keep the majority of the population poor? the less money people have the less they can purchase goods and services which mean companies will soon go broke. this is why in countries with a mass poverty, there are no large corporations. a business cannot exist if everyone is dirt poor. > " low taxes " is a rallying cry of the political party, and people tend to intuitively support it, because they don't know anything. the opposite is true. they support it because they know that free trade is the best way ( so far ) to maintain a prosperous country. > tax cuts work when the most significant cuts are provided to the middle class ; who spend the most and drive the economy. what taxes to the middle class? the only way to cut taxes is to reduce business tax, given businesses above all taxes. > but trump'a plan doesn't do that, like he doesn't give a shit about our middle class. his plan, like republican economic plans in general, favour the super rich. because that's all they care about. which in turn favors the lower and middle classes. even economists grudgingly agree trump has had a positive effect on the economy. [ < url > ] ( < url > )
------
> at least in their beliefs. your entire post sorta hinges on this point : that what their beliefs are actually matters. theology isn't some namby - pamby field like icecream flavors where everyone gets to choose what is and isn't good. if something is correct, it is. if it isn't, it isn't. their beliefs is wrong, and that's unfortunate, but lukewarm is sensible. they say they love god, but do what god hates. we know what god hates on account of holy writ and the holy tradition. if thier beliefs diverge from what the church teaches ( in this example, on what god hates and finds meritorious ), then they are anathema from the church - - so why call themselves members of it? if one of these folk looked christ in the eye and said " i love you ", and christ asked them why 4 martyred infants came to him on their account, and their reply was " because i love choice too ", think you wish christ would indeed say " this is the love of god ", when this is the same christ who says " let the little children come to me and * do not hinder them *, for to such belongs the kingdom of heaven ". by no means! such people have struck out god, and so the same god spits people out likewise in reaction to their only choice. i use this as an example because it is cruel and debated by modernists, but all mortal sin is thus : when a killer kills, does the god who says " you shall not kill " have friendship with them? of me not! then why is it that we cannot discern with such clarity from holy writ what is told through us? especially on matters that god most certainly hates but society loves ( such as fornication, infanticide, the denial of christ's gift of fertility, etc ), or those matters which god hates and society loves ( greed, exploitation, unfairness, deception, murder, theft, etc )? why can we not read holy writ at it's worth and hear the teachings of the apostles as it comes to us with clarity, not obfuscating it under our lusts which are bent to the world, doing what the world hates and shunning what it hates? thus are conservatives, who hate what god loves. and liberals who love what god hates. we instead must be people who love god in the highest with all of ourselves and our neighbour as ourselves with the love of god through us, neither loving as the world loves nor hating with it. so when someone says " i love god " but does what god hates, what friendship do they have other than a lie? they say one thing but contradict it, doing another. what is this but a lie and a breach of their friendship with god?
------
> personally i believe you can do anything you wish as long as it doesn't harm another non-consenting party.
do you see how that does not add up? no one acts in isolation. whatever you do ultimately affects others, even if that means that someone has to bury your body. your parents bore a great burden to raise you, so don't you recognize some appreciation for them and your ancestors? no man is an island.
> i'm just a 17 year old autistic adoloscent still heavily developing what he must adhere to in live, currently probably the closest to a form of positive nihilism.
it is good that you recognize that you are still developing. i recommend studying the philosophy of ethics more before you chime in on what is right or wrong. socrates almost deduced the god of christianity with shear logic. nihilism is literally meaningless, and leads to the devaluation of human life.
> also, you seem at this moment to me more of a cherrypicker than anything else.
that's probably because i am citing only small tidbits here in these reddit comments. over 30 years, i read dozens of books on history, and consumed countless hours of podcasts and debates. it all eventually led me to realize that the ethical teachings of christianity have been the best thing that ever happened on earth. later, i realized that the resurrection of jesus was true. god literally incarnated himself as a man to show people how to get back to heaven. if aliens came to earth, atheists would jump at the chance to learn about them. here, god himself came to earth. the least people should do is check out his teachings themselves. true or false, no one person has had a larger effect on humanity.
> many good things and bad things happen on all sides.
sure, there is some good in things, but one would have to be blind not to realize the moral decay that stalin led russia into. a premise of christianity is that everyone is made by god to do good. we have free will though, and people tend to fall into vices (sin) because of temporary enjoyment.
> slavery was never condemned in the bible
apparently, you missed what jesus taught. "love your neighbor as yourself".
> seeing as your view of history is the most one-sided
history is certainly complicated. you said my view is on-sided, but that is your bias because i am only presenting one side here to make a point. i could talk for hours about how nice hitler was to his dogs, and the productivity of nazi programs, but that pales in comparison to the larger point of human ethics. one should keep things perspective, and it seems like you are still learning the bigger picture. you are way ahead of where i was at 17. i suggest that you hold off on making any major moral judgements until you get a more wholistic view of world history. i found that christianity lifted humanity out of barbarism all around the world. cs lewis sums it up well in his book "mere christianity". it is also well covered in gk chesterton's "everlasting man".
------
where exactly are you from, then?
> you just can not compare your own country to a country with a population exponentially bigger than yours.
yes i can. if one country has a flawed democracy, i can critique that regardless of the size. the usa democracy does not represent the people as accurately as they think. electoral college, special interests using money as 'free speech'. the shocking is that even when errors results from it, like the fact that they can only vote between 2 parties for president, or that trump won without the popular vote (which means its not 1 person - 1 vote and therefore not equal), they will not do anything about it or even play the apologetic for it.
> you are relatively well off because it has a manageable population
australia is much bigger, they are well off. uk is bigger, the uk is relatively well off. having a large population does not mean your population starts making stupid mistakes.
> is not the target of mass immigration
1. that doesn't cause issues like you think it does.
2. if you knew about new zealand you know that we did have large immigration, including refugees, into here. not as much as australia but.
> is not bordering hostile countries
yeah man, mexico is just rearing to invade the usa. or maybe the canadians will get fed up with ya?
> not exactly a target for terrorist attacks or drug smuggling
terrorist attack, no. but then again, we didn't invade afghanistan or iraq or fund isreal so the middle-east doesn't exactly have it out for us. also, the highest threat of terrorism in the usa (which going by what you said is where you are, but not from) is far-right libertarian extremists (sovereign citizens and far-right conspiratorial crazies that think the government is out for them or has been corrupted)
we have a big drug problem of meth, or 'pee' as our variant is called.
>(australia doesnt count, they aren't hostile, thats just how they are)
not sure if a joke, but if it is its not really funny. the australia kiwi thing is mostly a brother sibling thing, mostly around sports. south africa sort of acts the same way.
>if the hobbit shire was a real place, you'd be it. enjoy it, but maybe don't go "nananananana" to countries that actually have to deal with shit and make the world turn.
i mean ... we do have the shire. it's a good tourist location with feast and hobbit holes and an inn.
i'm not teasing other countries for not getting their shit together. i laid that out in the very first question. i think it is tragic, this slip back to isolationism, deliberate ignorance and conspiratorial crazies being considered legit. countries that used to function now look stupid, like the us, or make tragic mistakes, like the uk. other countries, like france and germany, are having a rising hatred-based far right organizing and convincing everyone that it's the immigrants fault, or the muslims or enter scapegoat here.
but i have to say, if you want to live the delusion that counties like new zealand are being lazy and piggy-backing off countries like the usa that 'do the real work and make the world turn' and suffer the consequences and that's totally not down to mistake made by those countries, go right ahead.
i will laugh though, over our large animal farming industry which is our main purpose for the world. nz is great because nz operates logically. usa is not great because it does not. i mean, it's fine, but not comparable. i mean, to argue that populations are all the same everywhere means i could argue that saudia arabia operates just like the usa.
cultural differences do exists. nz people are not smarter, but they are generally more educated, politically and otherwise. nz people are generally less greedy, we are less focused on wealth and capitalism and more on doing good.
------
the thing is, you said nothing was done, not some things were done. i will argue now that title i and ii of the dodd - frank is sufficient also timothy geithner did point out that the bill needs to be set in a way so that'' ensure that your firm is allowed to fail in an orderly way and not be " rescued "''. the law works to prevent banking bailouts or deposit guarantees from burdening the taxpayer or encouraging " moral hazard " which is when awareness of the safety net encourages excessive risk - taking. for instance, there is moral hazard when large financial institutions take excessive risks in the assumption that the government will deem them " too big to fail " and will come to their rescue in order to prevent a more widespread financial sector collapse. the banking provisions under the financial reform include higher capital requirements to make sure the bank is unlikely to get over - extended. the federal reserve in 2014 announced an extra " capital surcharge " on the 8 biggest debts. and provisions also require regular stress tests, for financial institutions with above < cur > 50 billion in assets to try to make sure that the cushion is thick enough to protect the solvency of the bank even in the event of major unforeseen adverse shocks. if a bank has trouble under the stress tests, it may be required to hold off from share buybacks or dividend payouts and, if necessary, to raise additional capital financing. dodd - frank also established the consumer financial protection bureau to give households these same sort of protection against misleading or abusive provision of financial services as they have for consumer goods. the act was originally conceived by now senator elizabeth warren in response to the 2007 - 09 subprime mortgage crisis. ( but congress had warned of the lack of regulatory protection for homeowners against unscrupulous lending practices even before the crisis, for instance fed governor edward gramlich in 2007. ) proponents of dodd - frank consider the activities of the cfpb so far to have been among the most successful aspects. the reform improved regulation and transparency of derivatives, particularly by having standardized derivatives traded on centralized exchanges. these are just four major examples of ways in which dodd - frank works to reduce future crises. reducing the systemwide loss given default of systemic financial firms it is neither possible nor desirable to regulate large financial institutions so that them literally cannot fail. but regulation can limit the systemwide impact of having a failure. let's review what has been done since the crisis to reduce the damage to the system from the failure of one of the very largest firms. under dodd - frank, nearly all financial institution failures, including those of large, complex institutions, will continue to be addressed as they were before passage of the new law. the holding company will be resolved in bankruptcy. operating subsidiary failures will continue to be treated either under bankruptcy or, where applicable, under specialized resolution schemes, including the federal deposit insurance act for banks and the securities investor protection act for securities firms. dodd - frank eliminated the authority used by the federal reserve and other regulators to bail out individual institutions during the crisis, including bear stearns, citicorp, bank of america and aig. but congress also recognized that there may be rare instances in which the failure of a large financial firm could threaten the financial stability of the united states. to empower regulators to handle such a failure without destabilizing the financial system or exposing taxpayers to loss, dodd - frank created two important new regulatory tools. first, the act requires large bank holding companies and nonbank financial firms designated by the financial stability oversight council to submit a resolution plan or " living will " for their rapid and orderly resolution under the bankruptcy code. second, the act created a new orderly liquidation authority ( ola ) as a backup to resolution in an ordinary bankruptcy. single point of entry approach. this approach is a classic simplifier, making theoretically possible something that seemed impossibly complex. under single point of entry, the fdic will be appointed receiver of only the top - tier parent holding company of the failed financial group. promptly after the parent holding company is placed into receivership, the fdic will transfer the assets of the parent company ( primarily its investments in subsidiaries ) to a bridge holding company. equity claims of the failed parent company's shareholders will be wiped out, and claims of its unsecured debt holders will be written down as necessary to reflect any losses in the receivership that the shareholders cannot cover. to capitalize the bridge holding company and the operating subsidiaries, and to permit transfer of ownership and control of the bridge company back to private hands, the fdic will exchange the remaining claims of unsecured creditors of the parent for equity and / or debt claims of the bridge company. if necessary, the fdic would provide temporary liquidity to the bridge company until the " bail - in " of the failed parent company's creditors can be accomplished. it is crucial to recognize how this approach addresses the problem of runs. single point of entry is designed to focus losses on the shareholders and long - term debt holders of the failed parent and to produce a well - capitalized bridge holding company in place of the failed parent. the critical operating subsidiaries would be well capitalized, and would remain open for business. there would be much reduced incentives for creditors or customers of the operating subsidiaries to pull away, or for regulators to ring - fence or take other extraordinary measures. if the process can be fully worked out and understood by market participants, regulators, and the general public, it should work to resolve even the biggest institution without starting or accelerating a run, and without exposing taxpayers to loss. single point of entry has important features in common with chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization. the principal differences in favor of ola are the greater speed at which a firm can be placed into a resolution process and stabilized, the ability to avoid disruptive creditor actions, and the availability of temporary backup liquidity support to continue critical operations. two provisions of existing law already impose size caps on u. s. banking firms. one limits acquisitions of banks by any bank holding company that controls more than 10 percent of the total insured deposits in the united states, and a second, added by dodd - frank, forbids acquisitions by any financial firm that controls more than 10 percent of the total liabilities of financial firms in the united states. in addition, dodd - frank added a new requirement that banking regulators consider " risk to the stability of the u. s. banking or financial system " in evaluating any proposed merger or acquisition by a bank or bank holding company. critics argue that these restrictions are inadequate and nothing short of destroying big banks is sufficient. i think that's bullshit. some critics want to get right to the business of breaking up the big banks into smaller, more manageable, more easily resolvable pieces. 12 at the heart of this proposal is the thought that no financial institution should be so large or complex that it cannot be allowed to fail, like any other private business, with losses to its equity holders and creditors, and consequences for senior management. if the largest institutions were too big to fail during the financial crisis, why not make them smaller? today, the market still appears to provide a subsidy, of changing and uncertain amount, to very large banks to account for the possibility of a government bailout in the event of failure. 13 this subsidy, in the form of lower funding costs, may encourage " too - bigness. " there would be substantial externalities to a large bank failure as well. the market needs to believe - - and it needs to be the case - - that every private financial institution can fail and be resolved under our laws without imposing undue costs on society. the current reform agenda is designed to accomplish just that, through two channels. first, it is intended to substantially reduce the likelihood of failure through a broad range of stronger regulation, including higher capital and liquidity standards, stress tests and recovery planning among other reforms. second, it is intended to minimize the externalities from failure by making it possible to resolve a large financial institution without taxpayer exposure and without uncontainable disruption. if these reforms achieve their purpose, in my view they would be preferable to a government - imposed break - up, which would likely involve arbitrary judgments, efficiency losses, and a difficult transition. it is easy to agree that dodd - frank can be improved upon and even easier to acknowledge that no financial regulation will ever eliminate completely the boom - bust cycle that seems to be an intrinsic element of human social psychology. this is the opinion shared by [ jeffrey frankel, harvard ] ( < url > ) and [ jerome powell, 16th chairman of the federal reserve. ] ( < url > )
------
so, i'm going to start by saying that i mostly agree with you when it comes to things like meth or pcp. i suspect i get sucked and that addiction due to lower cost / ready availability more than anything else. once you're addicted, you're basically just doing it to not feel terrible and if you do manage to get off but start struggling with life again, you're back into the problem of cheap / readily available. i mention all of this because if we were treating all drugs the way we treat alcohol ( legal with some small restrictions ), so imagine the market for things like pcp and meth would evaporate * really * quickly. > and it's also worth noting that there are quite several criminal charges associated by alcohol, many of them having to do with being intoxicated in public. i'm perfectly fine with applying public intoxication laws to drugs too. i'm talking about literally copying the existing laws surrounding alcohol and pasting it into a new document, then doing a " find and replace " on " alcohol " and replacing it with " marijuana ", " heroin ", " whatever " and passing those as new laws. but its worth noting that public intoxication laws are enforced almost entirely based on whether you * appear * intoxicated and a large number of drug users function perfectly normally in society and have few if any obvious tells that they're on a drug. you probably have at least a few coworkers that you see everyday who were on heavy painkiller prescriptions but you wouldn'n even know it without digging through their prescription history. i don't think these laws would have as much positive an effect as you may think to curb drug use. as to personal responsibility, i never suggested absolving people of personal responsibility at all. committing crimes to further an addiction should of course still be prosecuted, just as committing crimes to put food on your table is still prosecuted, but you seem to be suggesting that being addicted is itself something that must be punished, and there i wholly disagree. if you aren't harming anyone but yourself, then its nobody else's business. if you are harming others, you should be punished and or sent to a rehab program. that leads me to rehab programs. rehab programs need to be more than just a program to get clean right now. if your life sucks and you turn to drugs to feel better for it, getting clean won ' t help if your life still sucks. you need more than just someone to hold your hand while you puke up your guts, you need someone to actually help you improve your life longer term, otherwise the rehab will be ineffective in most cases. and if you turned to drugs because your life sucked, you probably don't know how to improve your life on your own and may not even know where to start looking for help. a rehab center would be an ideal candidate for teaching people, particularly low income people, how to improve their lives. this is one of the areas that our current system is woefully unprepared for, regardless of what drug you're addicted to. most treatment centers focus on getting the drugs out of your system and maybe offering some addiction counselling, which usually amounts to trying to reprogram your reaction to stress or teach you to upend your life and avoid anything that even remotely reminds you that drugs exist, but offer little if anything when it comes to truly improving your life.
------
> you literally retard their social and mental development by withholding your explanations.
nobody recommended withholding explanations or keeping kids in the dark in any way. even if you answer the most inquisitive kid's questions, the point will arrive where s/he won't be satisfied by them, and the kid has to either trust or rebel.
"why do i have to go to school?"
"because you need an education."
"why?"
"because it will allow you to better understand life as well as provide you with the means to work."
"why? we have enough money, and i can learn everything i need on the internet."
if the kid can look at mom or dad and see someone they know really cares for them, it's motivation to just give up the interrogation and just go to school especially if a parent sweetens the deal like by offering ice cream afterwards, which cynics will call "bribery" and others "affection". the attitude makes all the difference. if the kid demands ice cream, the parent should refuse it because the kid is attempting a power grab via manipulation, but if the kid peacefully accepts, it's highly likely that both understand it to be simple, unconditional affection.
if the kid doesn't give up the interrogation, you then have a situation where the kid is threatening the natural order of a home, an institution built on a hierarchy of authority - just like heaven. if a person can't learn to trust here, i can see why heaven is a bit hard to accept. you say you've had a great childhood, and i apologize if my searching for explanations led to a suggestion you considered to be insulting. i don't doubt you were happy, but i am still suggesting that things may have been out of order. i am doubting if you ever learned to trust without your parents bending to *your* authority. am i so off to suggest that maybe you demanded explanations for everything, and they complied? either way, that is not how a hierarchy is supposed to work. the kids are not supposed to think they have the power to dig their heels into the ground and halt everything if they don't get answers acceptable to them. kids become that way if empowered by the parents. that's not kindness. it's like the offenhouse character in st:tng and cartman in south park when he met cesar millan. those are 2 characters who are not in authority, but they sure demand it.
we face authority everywhere. on the street, in supermarkets, etc. of course, those power figures motivate people to comply for reasons other than trust. either way, a person challenging authority is a threat to the order whether it be good or bad, justified or not. imo, the whole world is like an island on the show, survivor. it's a temporary environment designed to limit our resources. i think we're here to learn about things like authority from each other and our parents - and the understanding that most of the time you won't get all the answers you want even if you've used your entire apparatus of science.
please get it clearly in your brain that i am typing all this not to convert you, but to explain why christians don't see this as weakness. verse 5 of [this passage](<url>) is one of the hardest for me to accept. you don't, and i'm ok with that. i can still respect you without trying to point out what i consider to be absurd flaws in your thinking. can you do the same with me? i'm tired of atheists saying, "yeah, i get what you're saying, but that's ridiculous because..." they seriously should just end it with "saying". it would be a demonstration they are secure in their beliefs.
------
this is from the second article : " at some level, everyone in your weight loss business is selling the prospect of personal transformation. herbalife, though, is doubly in the transformation business. it sells the prospect of bodily metamorphosis to its customers - - and it sells the opportunity of financial ascent to its salesforce. " to your points : 1 ) if you're looking for an exact success gospel example that is not couched in a religious collect but reflects exactly what you see in religion, well then yeah... it's not going to be exactly the same. the same principle when applied to a different sector of human endeavors will necessarily behave a little differently. the methodology has to fit the mechanics. 2 ) lobbying companies make plenty of money and make asking for public money one of their goals, despite wishing for that money for someone else. but actual success in that matter is what gets them more money so they're only one step removed. and, they're not a good example of the prosperity gospel outside of religion anyway, just one in which unchecked greed erodes public faith in institutions that were originally built to work for the masses, not on top of them... not unlike the role a religion plays when employing the prosperity gospel upon its flock. 3 ) i'm merely here to talk you into religion. i don't care what you do with respect to church or god. if there's a god, then she / he is up, or out, there without your condolences and approval anyway. and if there isn't then there isn't. it doesn't matter. 4 ) with respect to the well earned anger for people who should protect their constituents i see politicians being every bit and more corrupt than people like joel osteen. joel and his ilk don't drive the ship of government legislation entirely in support of " the people " while catering to strictly partisan lines and / or moneyed interests. mitch mcconnell is a fucking horrible person and for his worldly corruption it happily put him in jail. luckily though, even if it's very difficult, we can vote out arseholes like mcconnell because a mechanic is in place for that - even if his party's open gerrymandering will soon make that practically impossible. i guess the reason i bring this up is that there is real corruption happening and it's not just affecting poor individuals who watch television to find salvation . it's happening now, and you can read about it everyday in the news. so please, diatribe aside, go vote. 5 ) televangelists do sell a product! it's a ridiculously important set of products as well that keep this greed train going. do an amazon search for books by joel osteen... it's okay, i'll wait. joel was selling himself on the concert if almost every one of his books. joel is what you can achieve if only you believe hard enough in his teachings. " you, you do deserve wealth! yes, you do! why don't you have it?! you don't have enough faith! believe in yourself more. here... buy my books to learn how. not working, buy a calendar with daily devotionals. " speaking of belief... now look up books by richard devos, founder of amway... again, i'll wait. i don't mind... did you find it, the book titled " believe! " fundamentally, the two are selling the same thing, " believe in yourself and you'll be rich. how do i know? look at me, i'm rich. want to learn how to be rich, just do what i say... in these books that i'm now selling, for a profit. " belief in yourself is the key to health and wealth, and if you're not healthy and wealthy there something that you're missing or haven't done enough. how about this user review from a devos book : " there are lots of wealthy people out there but most aren't truly happy. this is largely because they aren't fulfilling a higher purpose with their businesses... devos claims that integrating compassion for your fellow man * with lucrative opportunities * is the real secret to security and happiness. it's the knowledge that what you're doing is making a difference that makes you feel worthy of the privilege and comfort of wealth. and even before the wealth comes, having a compassionate attitude along with sound business acumen ( * which can be learned * [ by buying his books ] ) goes a long way towards increasing your chances of attaining wealth and influence. " < url > < url >
------
first, let me preface by saying i am definitely not an expert. my background is in psych and i do a lot of reading in affective neuroscience and ( borderline ) personality disorder, but, again, i'm not a college level clinician by conventional means. with that disclaimer, my present belief is that anything in the cortex is malleable enough throughout the lifespan to be responsive to therapy. the deeper problem is with the older rostral limbic system too. it's not clear to me from what reading i've done into how plastic this system is, if it can, in adulthood anyway, be a good target for change vs management. i'm going to answer your question from that more conservative orientation. yes, there are treatments that can work. your primary problem is likely a kind of learned helplessness writ large. your problem is likely twofold : 1 ) your appraisal mechanisms ( of social stimuli in particulary ), which tend to be housed in the ( right ) cortex and therefore can definitely change, make you prone to misinterpreting ( social ) reality, e. g., thinking someone is angry at you when they're not, and 2 ) because of issues with the limbic system your physiology, your emotional response, is exaggerated, which ends up reinforcing your appraisal mechanisms. very similar to ocd where a ritual may get rid of an unwanted thought but in its success, it reinforces the percieved reality / truth of the meaning of that thought, e. g., if avoiding cracks, avoids breaking my mothers back - > i avoid cracks and my mother's back never breaks - > therefore, it must be true that avoidance cracks avoids breaking my mother's back - > reinforcement of avoiding cracks behavior and the belief in the false relationship of cracks and my mother's back. in your case, your appraisal mechanisms of social stimuli don't capture reality quite correctly, but your phsyiological response is exaggerated, reinforcing your exaggerated appraisal, keeping you stuck like an ocd patient. that's a rudamentary way of looking at it, problems like yours are more complicated ( which is why cbt may work for some symptoms but it likely won't work for yours ). in my opinion the best treatment for this is dbt skills with a serious mindfulness component and schema focussed therapy. we  talk in pm, if you like, about what this is supposed to look like / entail. dbt is popular right now, so there are * a lot * of bs programs that market themselves as dbt - oriented / informed when they're pretty much garbage or just do a little skills training - - nothing that will actually help you. but, in short, dbt with schema focussed therapy can potentially reduce the intensity of your felt affect, teach you how to regulate your affect earlier in the dysregulation chain, and give you the skills to reevaluate a situation and be more interpersonally effective, which should lead also to reduced frequency of dysregulation events. once you're able to regulate affect well, you could likely work on the appraisal mechanism restructuring. if you can't regulate your affect, then in the face of recalling the abuse / neglect, you'll likely get dysregulated to the point of being unable to learn and take anything away from therapy, or get angry at the demands of therapy and quit. anyway, there's a ton more to be said. entire series of books have been written on this stuff, so, if you have any questions, just pm me.
------
yes it is true. indonesia has been literally marketing itself to the world as the alternative to china. same with malaysia. india is also clamoring that they can handle more manufacturing.
uhhhhh please cite examples. if you'd like an example to prove mine, look at data storage manufacturing. companies like seagate and western digital moved their manufacturing from mainland china to indonesia and south east asia. even before the tariffs, countries were more interested in china's market than just their manufacturing. you think companies were going to let their ip get stolen? they suffered and put up with it cause it was the way to gain access to the chinese consumer market. but times are changing the yuan doesn't show the international promise it once did. china is trying to use the yuan to help developing markets but has failed miserably. look at chinese investment in africa and its silk road projects, major fails. in sri lanka alone, india has been laughing it's ass off at the chinese building a port that cost over a billion dollars and yet no ships show up to it. the chinese are desperately trying to force open new markets for when automation will destroy their business model.
you have no clue what you're talking about when you wrote "it's very difficult to find production line to match quality". not a single clue what you're saying. alibaba is the world leader in doing what you just said isn't easy. alibaba even offers you supplemental insurance in case your order comes fucked up from the factory. once again, it couldn't be ever easier to find suppliers who will match quality. in fact most of them send you samples before you even commit to an order. i work in purchasing for a us manufacturer... yes yes it is easy. only critical components you don't risk your butt on but for cheap plastic components, china is still our go to. with the tariffs we've been looking at suppliers in india and taiwan. we're even in discussion with a mass 3d print shop over in wisconsin. what's interesting is that 3d print shops can work overnight, so where they miss out on mass scale production, they have advantages of non human labor.
once again, you're just making generalities on what common sense might be, that yes it would be extremely difficult to move your major operations from china to another country, but once again you have no idea what you're talking about cause china only allows dual ventures with chinese owned companies. which is why there was even a debate on why there is a trade deficit and how the chinese market is unfair to american companies wanting to do business there. our companies have restricted access that we can't sell freely in china. any business that has that much standing in china, that it would kill their business model to not be in china, would have to be a chinese business lmao
yes, do stick to your level of economic comprehension cause china is 1000000x worse off than america from the trade war. americans will have to pay marginally more for cheap consumer goods, that's probably the worst our economy will feel from it. mean while, china's entire private sector was funded through the west. when china opened up in the mid 90's who the fuck think financed all the factory building? groups like hsbc. i don't think you realize just how bad china's private debt is. their government may have surplus but that means jack shit when they keep their currency artificially low to increase exports. so china has to make a decision, its buy back and selling of currency needs to stop so it's currency can float with the market (which will explode the chinese middle class to a level the world can't imagine, their purchase power will go up tremendously) which china will never do as a community political state cause of huge population to keep employed, or to accept that western capital is dried up.
------
i'm suggesting that a healthy game especially an mmo benefits from having both hardcore and more casual aspects. it's usually your hardcore players maintaining guilds, communities, third party websites, tools, communications, streams, vods, external content, guids, ...
and those are mostly gone. but it still hurts casual players. it's mostly the hardcore players who do things like raid trainings, wvw guilds, wvw commanders, ... and many of those are gone.
and as they go, more hardcore players that sticked for these communities and guilds go with them. the more go, the fewer remain capable of playing the way they enjoyed and the more they go forth.
overall it doesn't suddenly bring a lot more extra casual players. it doesn't suddenly bring more attention to the game either. instead the game dies outside of a few dedicated places. gw2 is a huge game yet, nothing on twitch, virtually nothing on youtube, no advertisement yet you tell me it caters to casual players that it struggles to reach.
you don't suddenly get "more money for more content". you get less money for less content which only makes more of your diversity die down; which long term still means less money.
and meanwhile, your product gets worse. casual players aren't suddenly going to lead a wvw group properly. they aren't suddenly going to make high end raid groups and teach players how to do them; much less en-masse. and surely you agree that even casual players who don't directly care about meta and balance benefit from having a balance metagame in either pvp, wvw or pve.
i'm suggesting that by catering towards casuals, many aspects casuals enjoyed become less enjoyable for them.
you're a perfect example. you look at easy to understand surface connections like "are you suggesting hardcore players pay more?!" but that's not really the point; is it? the point is how does anet maximize their profits - which combines things like good long term game health and short term money / interest.
do you think it's a good idea to make the game full pay to win? i can guarantee it'll give them more cash short term. but long term i think we both agree it'd severaly harm their business.
i have nothing against gw2 being catered towards casuals in a sensible way. but this blanket "lets try make everything super casual friendly" has completely backfired everywhere except in open world pve... which shouldn't suprise anyone. and i think anet has lost out overall despite the content they invested in by doing so. they lost significant amounts of paying players and will continue to do so long term. "but that is normal!!! all mmo's lose players!!!" is it really? if you compare us to 3rd rate asian grinders maybe... but frankly i think gw2 was better than that.
------
hi there.
...intros are really awkward. apologies. i am on the autism spectrum so my social awareness is a little off key. i think i'm doing things ok.
let's see, about me...
i'm a physically disabled 30 year old woman. i have fibromyalgia and chronic migraines. i rarely leave the house due to it and agoraphobia, but i dis meet my 15 year so in high school. i defy letting it get me down. i live with my parents and 3 younger siblings and we all pitch in to keep our happy funky household of awkward and weird people running. we live fairly rural for peace and quiet but maintaiin high speed internet for gaming. my familt all shares a dark sometimes sick sense of humor. very very sarcastic.
things i love:
cats: we have a bunch. one i raise from an abandoned feral runt who thinks im his mama. i wpuld be lost without my cats.
reptiles: we have those too.
literature: my brothers bearded dragon is names glaurung. i am especially a fan of really really good steampunk like the fall of ile-rien trilogy. i recently got my brother the lovecraft collection as a gift to celebrate a promotion
mythology: we have a cat named jormangundr, his brother is named cait sith (pronounced the true gaelic way). i love to compare and discuss mythology. my particular favorite specialties are the intricacies of norse and egyptian.
language and etymology: my mom has a degree in english and was a german exchange student, i took 6 years of latin, my brother studies german for fun.
history: we're all history buffs of any kind. my brother is a war buff. there's a running joke he can turn any conversation around to hitler. we have great discussions of roman empire era.
video games: among my biggest passions. they are my gateway to another world in a different way to books and i can be something else. rpgs especially. xenoblade, shin megami tensei series. horizon zero dawn. zelda series. radiant historia. slime rancher. terraria. animal crossing. pokemon. dragon quest. last of us. okami. the last remnant. lost odyssey. blue dragon. the lost could go on and on.
weird ass music: i have a wide range musical taste of weird shit. i like strange stuff and a lot that people haven't heard of and i love to share it. from ukrainian gypsy punk to voodoo death stomp to gangsta bluegrass to metal disney covers. i have so much ridiculous awesome nonsense to share. please feel free to ask for recommendations. female and male lead, genre, language.
i can't think of anything else but i love to talk about my interests and share recommendations about them. please ask whatever you like! feel free to ask about any topic here or if i've heard of x game or y musician or whatever! i've heard this sub is an awesome place to chat and a great community. i think i did this right with all the right rules and tags/flair thing? please tell me if i did anything wrong!
------
i've recently decided to finally sit down and do what i've been wanting to do for a while: weekly fantasy breakdowns. i can't guarantee absolute consistency, but i do look forward to breakdown these matchups week by week. i hope to improve my in game analysis and i would like to share that with this community. this is my first breakdown of the season.
nfl fantasy predictions
carb00ker's weekly breakdown
week 1.
falcons v. eagles
thursday, september 6th
the upcoming thursday night game between the eagles and falcons would've most likely been a fantasy point goldmine before all of the eagles off season woes. however, this matchup has become more complex in the months leading to the start of the nfl season. the eagles offense seems to be in rough shape to start the season. to break it down, the eagles come into this matchup with carson wentz still out from last years acl tear, alshon jeffery (shoulder) out a minimum of two weeks, jay ajayi recovering from a foot injury, and an underperforming nick foles under center (at least by what has been seen in the preseason). it seems the eagles defense is going to be their main key to come out of this with a victory. the eagles run defense ranked #1 in 2017 in yards allowed per game last year (79.2 rypg) while their pass defense ranked #4 allowing an average of only 18.4 total team fantasy points per game. it seems the eagles only weakness on the defense is what they give up in passing yardage, they currently rank #17 in the league in passing yardage given up. being that jalen mills is listed as the first cb on the depth chart, it is most likely ronald darby will cover the #2 wr on the falcons roster. though mills is listed as the cb1, he is the slow cb of the two (combine stats have mills at a 4.64s 40 yard dash while darby posted a 4.38). calvin ridley's raw talent and lack of experience put up against darby's quickness makes ridley a non-viable fantasy option for wk1. assuming that mills will cover julio jones primarily and knowing that jones is an absolute yardage monster (#2 in 2017 @ 1444 total yds) and that the eagles weakness is passing yardage, i'd say you can expect julio to get his in wk1. the eagles stout run defense, however, will make for a low yardage run game which will likely limit devonte freeman's wk1 production. that having been said, the weakness in passing yards could lend for a decent performance from tevin coleman. being that he is the predominant passing back, i'd say he is a viable option for a wk1 flex. lastly, matt ryan should be under heavy pressure throughout the game which likely won't bode well for his performance. last year, matt ryan posted a 48% completion rate with a 1-1 touchdown to interception ratio under pressure. my best bet is he'll more than likely get off to a rough start.
on the opposite side, the falcons defense ranked #9 in rush yards per game and #12 in pass yards per game in 2017. if nick foles looks anything like what he showed us during the preseason then i can't recommend starting any pass catchers on the eagles side with the exception of zach ertz (who is a clear weekly starter). the only things i am interested to see in this offense wk1 are jay ajayi (recently cleared of a foot injury) running behind the #1 o-line in the nfl (according to pro football focus). last year ajayi ranked #18 overall in rushing yards per game at a poor 58.3 rypg. i am keen to see him as the clear starter against a top 10 run defense. i still wouldn't expect a big game from him however, he should finish the week in the top 24. i am also interested to see who foles will be targeting more between nelson agholor and mike wallace in the absence of alshon jeffery, i do believe one of these two wr's could be a sleeper this season.
tl;dr
falcons:
start julio jones
limited performance from devonte freeman
tevin coleman could be possible flex option
don't expect matt ryan turnaround this week
defense could be a sleeper in deeper leagues
eagles:
only start ertz with confidence
start jay ajayi as an rb2 or flex
look out for target battle between wallace and agholor
definitely start the defense
additional notes: this game should be low to mid scoring, not a great matchup for kickers.
i hope i got the format right this time! :)
------
criminal is definitely a class to which one may belong.
cambridge:
the treatment of a person or particular group of people differently, in a way that is worse than the way people are usually treated:
some immigrants were victims of discrimination.
the law made racial discrimination in employment a serious crime.
she claims she is a victim of age discrimination.
politics & government discrimination is also prejudice against people and a refusal to give them their rights.
discrimination noun [ u ] (seeing a difference)
the ability to judge the quality of something based on its difference from other, similar things:
he showed discrimination in his reading habits.
(definition of "discrimination" from the cambridge academic content dictionary  cambridge university press)
english
contents
"discrimination" in english
see all translations
discrimination
noun [ u ] uk /di,skrim.i'nei.s@n/ us /di,skrim.@'nei.s@n/
discrimination noun [ u ] (different treatment)
c1 treating a person or particular group of people differently, especially in a worse way from the way in which you treat other people, because of their skin colour, sex, sexuality, etc.:
racial/sex/age discrimination
until 1986 most companies would not even allow women to take the exams, but such blatant discrimination is now disappearing.
more examples
aids victims often experience social ostracism and discrimination.
there should be no discrimination on the grounds of colour.
she believes the research understates the amount of discrimination women suffer.
she will be remembered as an unrelenting opponent of racial discrimination.
the law has done little to prevent racial discrimination and inequality.
thesaurus: synonyms and related words
discrimination noun [ u ] (seeing a difference)
formal the ability to see the difference between two things or people
thesaurus: synonyms and related words
(definition of "discrimination" from the cambridge advanced learner's dictionary & thesaurus  cambridge university press)
business
"discrimination" in business english
see all translations
discrimination
noun [ u ] uk /di,skrimi'neis@n/ us
the practice of treating particular people, companies, or products differently from others, especially in an unfair way:
he will work in partnership with a range of organizations to help eliminate discrimination against disabled people.
victims/targets of discrimination people sometimes have difficulty perceiving themselves as victims of discrimination.
discrimination on the basis of/grounds of sth federal law bans discrimination on the basis of gender.
discrimination between sth (and sth) the new laws reduce the possibility of unfair discrimination between companies seeking to list on the exchange.
racial/sex/age discrimination
fight/prohibit/tackle discrimination
the commission was created to address issues of discrimination in the workplace.
allegations/claims/complaints of discrimination
a discrimination case/lawsuit
see also
------
> singapore takes an economically traditional liberal... management 101 stretched further. this many agree with. most of the solutions the government actually is trying to implement is the flexible work award. i think it's a step in the right direction. however, how the citizens actually implement it, and whether the public is trying to " game " the system, we can never control. my gripe regarding this area is that the same people who are arguing for better work - life balance tend to also lambast this cynically. you have the right idea. the point is to be productive, not clock hours in the office doing nothing. the main problem at work is the same everywhere, you wait to rush, and rush to wait. all because of pipeline congestion and bottleneck. allowing flexiwork schedule enables the worker to rest when the bottleneck is stuck instead of reporting to the office and doing nothing. > then we get to social security vs lower taxes.... stack that on top of progressive workplaces, and honestly housing becomes the only real cost you have left besides basic living like food and electricity. i would like to correct one misconception. despite what people are saying. cpf is such a tax. yes, it functions similar to a tax and social security system rolled into one. but the idea is that you are using your own money instead of the money of the future generation to fuel your own social security. e. g. your pension, your insurance, all paid for using your own money and not taxpayer's money. so in the event that you are old and not working / paying taxes, you are still effectively using your own money for pension and insurance instead of taxing the already shrinking working class. social security is fine, but i do not want a safety net where people can lounge around. sure, the people who desperately need the net vastly outnumber your number of people who abuse the system, but our country has to appear productive to survive. we cannot rely on natural resources. hence the tharman's social trampoline idea. the government would try their best to keep you have food on the table and roof over your head. or if you become willing to put in the effort to improve yourself and your productivity, the government will help you bounce back and fly higher. that is not to say people who desperately need a net should be forced to work. we still have various government schemes that help them. ( the ncss website have more information on that ) > then let's talk about freedom of speech.... so if we're not going to protect our vulnerable populations, who will? i personally do not believe in unrestricted freedom of speech. but i do believe in debating what are the restrictions and to hold a review programme regularly to lift or add to the restrictions based on the needs of the people. i support the lgbt rights and their freedom to express themselves. but realistically, we are a nation that is treading on the minefield called religion. the pressure cooker is only kept stable because we carefully balance the religious freedom of different religion. and even then, we have racist / bigoted comments regarding other religion already. the one thing that most of the religious community have in common is their disdain for the lgbt. there is no point in creating a common enemy for them to fight. the majority of the more conservative people are from older generations. and it's harder to change their mind than to, for lack of a better phrase, wait for them to go away. i applaud and support the pink dot for sparking and maintaining the conversation regarding lgbt, but we should make sure progress does not come at the expense of stability. hence the government's reluctance to repeal 377a ( even though it is a stupid law of the past ). and since the government literally closes both eyes with what you do in the privacy of your own house, lgbt's are not literally driven into a corner to be executed. the government is now trying to appease both sides of the quarrel by allowing lgbt their private space to do what they want while acquiescing to the religious demands of the conservatives without outright discrimination against the lgbt community. that is to say, singapore has a " don't ask, don't tell " policy. baby steps. amos yee was punished because he was purposely stirring shit in the religious community that we tried so hard to appease and make them coexist with each other. it's not about him insulting the christians or the muslims for that matter. it's him stirring shit in anything he can think of, so the government have to step in to make him stop, with whatever charges they can think of before he gets mobbed. > so now going back to my two initial points... exhausted sooner, and more mentally troubled. this i agree with too. the combination of increased information flow ( and thus the flow of bad news ), slowing down of the global economy, speeding up of technology, widening income gap in all major cities, and general anti - foreigner views of major cities are causing people to be pressured and exhausted. my gripe is that they know something is happening, but they do not know what or why. they pick a side and stick to it, simultaneously demonizing the other side. nobody wants to reach across the line to make peace. " you are either with us or against us. " the fact that to understand the people across the line takes an immense amount of time and effort does not help matters. so with their ignorance, they keep talking about what " should be " while failing to take into consideration " what is ". they backseat drive without know about the road, the car, or even where they are.
------
yes, we disagree here. sex is a reward like alcohol, in my opinion. it feels good for the moment but drains you in the long run. no pleasure in this life is without its downsides. i do think that humans are different than animals. even though the primal instincts are still there, we are where we are because we conquered animal drives and started building civilizations. if his ancestors would have decided to keep on having sex in their world 24 / 7 we would have never advanced. evolution cannot have stopped there. luckily, the repression of our primal instincts and drives led us to the life of luxury and higher, mental, spiritual joys, absent of all dangers and most of the evils we could experience. i will never be eaten by a lion but my ancestors repressed their drives and started changing things. fun to think about, but that's another topic. i did not talk about you. just talked about the average person in the west nowadays. our slightly sex - crazed society creates at least equally sex - obsessed individuals through hollywood culture, movies, music and especially pornography. i don't know if you are addicted to sex. addiction is the continuous engagement in something despite adverse consequences. to me, personally, every ejaculation is a little death. hence the french call homosexuality " la petite morte ", the small death. a very fitting term. indulgence in sexuality would be only a little problem if people were able to control it. but as experience shows, the vast majority of humans are not. we have more problems with masturbation, pornography, sexualization of everyone, even minors, rape, and even sex - addiction nowadays than ever before. sexual freedom is at its peak as well. it's only being viewed as something entirely positive, cause sex is fun, how couldn't it be positive, right? but people quickly forget that drinking is fun too. drugs are fun. i know that, done lots of them. short - term pleasures never mean good - term happiness though. that's what most people don't consider when they engage in casual sex, drugs, drinking, and other stuff. i agree that masturbation feels like a loss, a waste, but i would disagree that sex with a girl feels more success. it just feels good, that's all. i don't depend my self - worth on something as shallow as that. but that's just my two cents mate. as i said before, if it makes you happy, i won't and wouldn't want to stand in your way. happiness is the objective of my life, and i think it's never wrong, unless your happiness is hurting people.
------
i actually wouldn't be surprised with blizzard doing this:
switch port
magazine
book
druid character pack with new zones (cause it's already done and they will want to use the content to drive the port sales)
netflix series
diablo 2 remaster (to be released very soon after blizzcon)
and a short snip of d4 (2020 release date)
my reasoning:
business is business, and activision blizzard is a massive company who have money to invest.
blizzard is aware how beloved the franchise is for numerous reasons. david brevik didnt go to blizzard hq for nothing, it was more than likely to give permission to release the hd remake, and with the timing of when this occurred and the timing of all the hiring, it makes complete sense.
whether we like it or not, blizzard has become "appease all audiances, and drive profit margins"
how can they surefire do this well. d4 and a d2 remaster would have been the starting blocks. the remaster would be in case d4 fails to appease the retro nostalgic gamers. while d4 is forsure being monitored much more closely than d3. profit wise d3 was no failure, but it was also living on the back of d2, and d1. so to blizzard that's a no go. there gonna do everything in their power to ensure diablo 4 meets the franchises expectations.
which leads me to my next point. they would have realized during d4s development, and potentially d2s remaster that d3 butchered some very important aspects of the story and lore. how do they fix something that was massacred while trying to live up to the franchise. you hire some extremely talented writers, hence a book and a magazine with some very specific release dates. at this point they release they can sell the adjusted stories. but, they didn't want to stop there now they have content they can exploit sales through, which a netflix series sounds extremely probable. this could attract new customers, and showcase to all the butt hurt fans that the story is in fact fixed, and that they truly care about d4, almost like look what and how much effort we put in guys!
activision blizzard gets alot of money to play with sony fool yourselves. especially after the profit they made off of d3, they can play a massive game of damage control.
well d3 forsure had a second expansion planned, which probably contained the druid, and some other stuff. well with a port they now can make use of this content and guess what drive sales for both the game on the port and the pack, which will probably include more than the necro pack to make it more enticing.
the diablo2 remaster will hold over fans till the release of d4, and appease anyone who is let down by d4 while both building hype for d4 and creating a whole new era of diablo franchise nostalgia heads cause d2 is a legendary game whether you agree or not, this would increase d4s sales volumes to new heights.
which leads me to d4. if my speculation and predictions are correct. blizzard will have borrowed some business tatics from bethaesda, and evolved them. i honestly would see diablo 4 becoming the highest grossing game of all time.
well who would put this much thought into orchestrating this?
well! activision blizzard would. they know that profit models in games have been really hit or miss. and after the auction house (there last attempt at creating one time payment model) failed miserably and other games have been failing miserably in this section of the gaming industry. you best believe blizzard has put alot of thought into keeping the classic model as it ain't broke dont fix it, and evolving it into something else.
there plan is simple, to me it looks like their trying to go back to their roots. create an amazing game and the sales will follow and hype it up.
well i think that's what were seeing. they are trying to make a proper diablo game that's going to surprise us, and even if not all of us are pleased, we still end up pleased one way or another.
why would i think that a company would go so bat shit ham. well, all the evidence is kinda just floating around. and most importantly, blizzard did the one thing no gaming company would ever think of doing unless their sure of it. they have hyped this franchise beyond belief! they weren't subtle in any way, they made sure to get the max possible expectations and hype possible. if i'm wrong which is very very possible, than d4 would have to be an absolute masterpiece for this level of hype to not backfire. one thing that i could say could go either way is the druid and extra content for d3, cause they might not want to touch d3 anymore, and just call it a day.
ladies and gentlemen, i know one thing forsure, we should be hyped.
d3 was a different monster, they had the backup to go out and hype us for d3s release cause we hadn't seen a diablo game in over a decade, and people would've been bat shit hyped whether or not it was good or shit, this time they forsure know it's different. they cant count on d2 or d1 with sales. cause i dont know about you guys, but i ain't buying d4 if i see anything off about it. d3 i would have bought and did with a preorder without even seeing jack shit, why? d2 and d1 is why.
------
> it's well proven that it completely destroys your health.
actually no, this isn't true. much of the assumption for a long time wasn't that meat was a problem it was fats, and we know now that the sugar industry was trying to lobby to make fat the food detail to be afraid of.
but research shows it's not fat or meat that's most dangerous to human health and driving the obesity epidemic, it's refined sugars.
and many people tend to see "meat is carcinogenic" and really that is attributed only to processed meats, and partially to red meat itself, and the actual risk involved is just 18% average per person, which is in-realistic terms absolutely minuscule. and that there is no risk of carcinogenic effects with fish and poultry.
lets not forget that sunlight is also carcinogenic, and regularly causes cancer and shortens human life span. but catch 22, it's also a recommendation for humans to get a proper production and absorption of vitamin d.
so in reality, no eating meat does not destroy your health, over-consuming sugar, and calories is what actually does.
in-fact many of the longest lived populations in modern history eat meat regularly, and the obesity epidemic didn't become a serious health problem until the sugar replacement and sales in the food industry.
and also we don't need cars and disposable plastics to survive either. we can replace many of these thing with viable and vastly more environmentally friendly transport system like, bicycles, trains, and many other options. in-fact i personally haven't driven a car in over 10 years. i also haven't used plastic bags for grocery shopping in over 6 years. i also don't use plastic straws, and don't smoke. i'm also not obese nor do i have excess weight on my body. i don't over consume sugar either. i also don't touch palm oil, almonds, tea, coffee, or soda.
i also haven't eaten a hamburger in over 2 years. so i'm not sure a hamburger once every few years is really that much of a problem. i'm not sure how im hamburger obsessed when i eat a big mac once every 2 years, savvy?
the difference between you and me, isn't that you dont meat and i do. it's that i care about working on changing a system that outright causes the issues itself, rather than fighting the symptoms which will have no real affect at changing the problem at it's core.
>but don't come up with a preposterous, convoluted excuse for why you eat meat. you eat it because you're selfish and it tastes good. just say that, it's easier than lying to yourself.
i didn't do any of this. infact i didn't even state the actual reasons why i think people should still supplement their diets with meat either.
i explained why vegan attitudes are greatly disliked, and why not eating meat isn't going to solve the problem you're concerned about. i never once said anything about why i eat meat.
if anyone here is lying to themselves about doing more for the environment, it's not me. it's you.
you're lying to yourself as to the things you're reading on the page, and you're lying to yourself about how much you really understand about the environmental impact of humanity.
remember the person throwing around attitudes and insults instead of engaging in a conversation isn't me.
it's you.
------
> someone like you calling me a pussy is hilarious. your little broken bone story? i experience that level of pain a couple times a week at first. sometimes over and over again as if a leg i no longer have begins being broken back and forth. i know pain more than you can ever understand, and only do what i can to help make sure as few people gain that understanding as possible. even from ignorant people like you. yeah but unlike you, i doesn't go around telling everyone how this life is full of pain and how i deserve their tears because of myself. get a grip. > i know how to take care of myself dipshit. i even learned when to do it without my legs and under the pain i suffer. i don't even take meds for it because a sharp mind is more important to me. if everything goes to shit, i also like food growing, and i know enough about various trades that me and my daughter can survive. you know how to take care of yourself except anywhere that counts. keep licking them government boots dipshit. > if surviving is all you ever intend to do, then feel free to stay in your fucking woods and never come out again. i happen to like living in a society amongst others. if you want a properly functioning society, you're going to need a government. if you want the government to have any ability to do it's job, you're going to have to pay taxes and follow the social contract. ah yes because the house i built and the money i've earned don't belong to me. don't project the fact that just because you can't function without someone holding your hand that the rest of us need the same thing. and no, i'm not going to pay any more taxes than i absolutely must in order to keep the dipshit bean counters out of my hair. > shit isn't perfect and our current administration is a big glaring neon sign to that truth, but i still choose to stay within society and work towards making it better together. i also studied the mechanisms and history of our systems towards that truth. you obviously haven't. the last 5 administrations are big glaring signs to that truth but w / e. i choose to remove myself as far as possible from society and do work to make my community better. i just don't need the government to hold my hand the entire way or beg that they fuck up other people's lives in the process just because. i might be mean but i'm not petty like so many of " my fellow americans. " > if you aren't just spouting a bunch of bullshit as i suspect, you're where you belong, out of the way. i would even tell you to quit any job you have, sell or give away any property, and vanish into the wilds somewhere to be the suvivor man you think you are. you don't want to be a part of society and society doesn't want to have to deal with people like you. win win. i already live in the wilds, and have actively stopped trying to be apart of your " society " because your " society " is corrupt and malignant to the core. i've already gone out of my way to stay out of your way and now you demand i give up everything i've worked for because i'm not paying into your society? ha! make. me.
------
so i've lived in singapore most of my life but my family never became permanent residents. after graduating public school i worked abroad for college, and i'd visit my family on short - term passes most summer / winter breaks. so i spent a few weeks back in taiwan this summer before going to hong kong to visit a friend for a week. after that i came back here since school doesn't start until later this month. when i got to immigration the lady was immediately unfriendly, but i've encountered my fair share of unfriendly airport agents and everything usually turned out perfectly. she asked me the same sorta questions i usually got, but any time i misunderstood a question or she couldn't hear me or something she'd lower her voice or give me a rude response. i hadn't even done anything but she seemed generally pissed for whatever reason. since it was like 2am and i was tired, i tried to be polite so i could move on and get home as soon as possible. i took out my phone to check the time, and though i turned it off it made a click sound ( just like all iphones do ), and when the lady heard it her demeanor suddenly flipped. she accused me of taking a photo ( even though i didn'know ) and demanded i delete it. i showed her the photo app on my phone so she could see there wasn't a photo of her, then she just grabbed my phone and went through it herself. when you gave it back i even showed her how the click was just from the phone turning off, but she completely ignored me. from there her behavior just got so much worse, and her questions more accusatory. she noticed i was just in singapore last week and asked what i was doing back so often. i told her it was because my family lives here. i even had a return ticket for when i go back to school. she told me i needed to go to the office to get a secondary inspection ( aka i was being detained ). she didn't move until i didn't know where to go so i asked if i should follow her, and she yelled back " how else are you supposed to get there if you don't follow me? " then when we were passing by all the other travelers waiting in line at immigration, she yelled out " if you go traveling, don't throw tantrums " for everyone to hear. i don't get why she had to humiliate me like that. by " tantrums " i assume she was referring to the imaginary photo i took of her so that i could later shame her on social media or whatever. anyway, she took me to another counter. i was getting pretty nervous so i started tapping my fingers against the counter, and the male agent gave me a hard look and in a harsh tone he told me to stop. at this point i was worried all the agents would treat me like some sort of suspicious criminal, but thankfully the actual agents that did my secondary inspection were much more polite. they asked me some questions, then asked for my mom's ep details and phone number so that they can contact her to confirm the answers i gave them ( our address, my status as a student, even the fact that she was my mom, etc ). they took me to a waiting room while they called my mom, and eventually they came back in and told me i was free to go with a 30 - day pass. i asked them if i was in any trouble. they told me i wasn't and that this was just normal immigration protocol, even though nothing about it felt remotely normal. after the whole experience i just felt really dehumanized. i used to think of singapore as my home but now it feels like i'm not even allowed here. i'm filipino, which i know is kind of a red flag but i figured since i used to live here and even have family living here that i wouldn't have any issues. i still plan on visiting my family in the future ( likely twice a year ), but i'm worried about this whole situation affecting my travel plans. will i be flagged as a suspicious person whenever i come back? i'm wondering if the immigration agent could've even flagged me as " difficult " or " insubordinate " or something. i'm just scared about having a bad mark on my record and going through this whole thing all over again.
------
well sir, recently published articles aren't really very important. pretty sure america is still committing genocide in the middle-east without ever explaining to even its own citizens why. pretty sure most people can tell that there is serious corruption in the us government causing this and constantly making deals to help corporate interests over its citizens.. hmm i wonder if giant media outlets could somehow be linked with this feeding the world propaganda plus a little bit of divisive and/or pointlessly distracting crap on top? but no all is well, there couldn't possibly be a need for some direct action because next election americans can vote in someone better that will really change things because that has slowed down the war and corporate subsidies/tax breaks/bailouts basically every time someone new has been elected.
everything is fine though, trusting what you've been told by the media and government never hurt anyone, and i'm sure all those brown people are terrorists anyways. i mean thats just a natural part of what it means to be human. im sure overthrowing their governments, blowing up their cities, denouncing their people, murdering their children and funding some and influencing them to attack others for the last 65 years had no bearing on the previous 0.001% of their population who became them in the past.
i mean we gotta think of the gays right? there have no excuse for missing out on our recent cultural revolution and holding outdated beliefs. its not our fault, they should've been discussing the real issues instead of being so focused on petty things like some perceived threat to their people and culture. its not like it was credible anyways, cities crumbling around them and 'conflict' deaths in their region soaring into the millions are anecdotal. silly people thats why the americans get involved in all these fights, they're helping stabilize the region so you little buggers don't keep hurting each other, and you go an reject new ideals their culture recently developed. i mean that's going to mean you'll need a lot more stabilising .. now go and tell your families living in our countries that you're fine and happy and that they need to get out there and expose themselves and their easily influenced children to the glory of western culture and trusted media outlets. watching the kardashians will better for everyone than trying to gain influence in their politics.
so what article did you want clarification on? something some judge did decades ago? trumps latest twitter war? kanye west's true feelings about taylor swift? what cryptic clue that game of thrones star was talking about? i dunno, im not really up to date on the real issues.
------
first and foremost i've never said cheating isn't wrong. what's wrong is dropping the hammer on one kid while letting others off with a wrist slap. this happens all the time because the only thing that exceeds the pomposity of academics is the need for universities to make nice with connected people or those that can bring money to the school. i wish we lived in a world where this wasn't the case, but we don't. the first link has everything to do with the argument, that being that universities view and punish cheating very differently depending on who's doing it. the irony that a large " public " university like unc set up an entire fake degree track only for their athletes speaks to that point. [ here's ] ( < url > ) a link to their bullshit honor code policy that was fully in place over the decade plus of the university providing an official cheating program for their " fortunate few ". that's the problem they don't treat people the same, often have an opaque kangaroo court making punishment determinations, and who you are can have an outsized influence on the manner in which your treated by a university of accused or guilty of cheating. this disparity in treatment is the case, it would not be dismissed. in op's case the reduction in gpa to 1. 0 was an overreach you have a lot to learn about the legal system if you think money is the objective for all lawsuits. first, in the sdsu case what the plaintiff won was the removal of an expulsion for cheating from his academic record. it cannot be understated how much something like that can impact your future and getting it removed is it's own goal. second, due for the bullshit secrecy of determinations of guilt and punishments at universities the only way to access the information occurs through legal discovery. you have you file a lawsuit to compel discovery and for that you need a license. your faith in institutions is misplaced. i'm done attending their kind of university but nothing has changed since i was enrolled and has gotten much worse with technology. in my graduate program there was rampant cheating by the chinese / indian students, not undercover shit either literally shouting answers across the room during a test, but they're a cash cow for the university so nothing happened. i spoke with the dean of the college and still nothing happened. universities first and foremost are rackets, only the money matters. my advice to anyone who ever finds themselves in any kind of trouble ( whether they did it or not ) is to not answer questions, admit nothing, and lawyer up. you will almost certainly receive a lesser punishment for the same offense while mitigating the long term damage from the incident. attorneys provide dispassionate advice and work that will be 10x better than what you can achieve by throwing yourself on the mercy of any institution.
------
growing up in the church gets really confusing when you are deemed old enough to be taught about a biblical approach to sexuality. my generation had a plethora of resources at our disposal: "i kissed dating goodbye" "silver ring thing" "true love waits" "purity rings" "purity pledges" were all around us. my church opted to use " every young man's/woman's battle" as their guide to teach us about sexuality as well as some media from teen mania ministries.
through these media, i learned that love was like a quantity. the more partners you had sex with, the more your ability to love would be cut in half. someone who had only one partner could love them fully, but someone who had two partners would have half the ability to love because they'd already given pieces of their heart away to somebody else and formed a permanent soul tie. their relationships would be forever tainted with emotional baggage and resentment. only the emotionally pure would have blissful married sex. unfortunately, even a simple crush or a kiss could taint one's emotional purity, so one had to carefully guard their heart to prevent losing even the tiniest piece of their heart. metaphors like spit in a cup, pre-chewed gum, flower with it's petals pulled off were used to show us that those who engaged in premarital sex were as worthless as used or damaged goods. i was taught that masturbation was selfish and sinful. while young men struggle with porn, young women struggle with emotional needs when it comes to sex - according to every young woman's battle. from these ideas came concepts like "no-touch courtship" and even "betrothal" in far more conservative corners of the church as an answer to the seemingly corrupt dating world. some daughters were taken to purity balls where their fathers promised to be the protectors of their virginity and carefully select for them their future husbands to whom they could entrust their daughter to. like it or not, these teachings and a great many others are still prevalent. do you know which ones your church teaches your children?
in recent years, books about the damage done by purity culture teachings laser-focus on virginity, shaming non-virgins, destroying their self-worth has come to light. some - including myself - experience sexual dysfunction after years of repressing our sexuality, it doesn't just work at the snap of a finger. how can we as the current generation of leaders of the church change the dialogue to create a more sex-positive message that helps the next generation walk in truth and not lies and fear? i truly believe that the church has to recognize it's role in damaging young souls just as they are learning about sexuality and must have a hand in changing the message if the church wants to have a future. i do believe that these flawed teachings are half the reason why my generation isn't having as many kids as early in life as my parents and grandparents did. we've all be guilt-tripped, shamed, and frightened by the mere thought of accepting ourselves as the sexual beings we were made to be.
if you're a child of purity culture teachings, do you feel that they helped you or hinder you? what would you keep? what do you wish you hadn't been taught?
------
hey there everybody! i have returned, once again with a new foggy memories review for everyone. this time, i'm gonna be covering and discussing a well - known mod that i've been using extensively the [ geekvape aegis legend kit ] ( < url > ). the original single battery geekvape aegis was a legend of this mod for its durability so the dual battery version was properly named the aegis legend. this item was sent to me for review by [ geekvape ] ( < url > ) which won't appreciate my opinion of the item but is very cool of them to provide it for us to discuss here today. i am a little bit behind on this review. as most of you know, my wife left me and i took a limited health break for a little while. couldn't focus on stuff for a few weeks. in all honesty i guess i'll probably needed a little bit of a break after riding non - stop reviews. regardless, i'm working really hard to try to get this caught back up and i even remembered to include [ a photo album ] ( < url > ) which i forgot on my last few reviews. i've been meaning to have a photo album with all my reviews recently and forgot until i posted it. you can still enter my [ eleaf amnis ] ( < url > ) giveaway and in a few days i will name a winner and start another giveaway. # # packaging the geekvape aegis legend comes in [ ultra wide box ] ( < url > ) with a picture of the aegis legend on the front in the color that's inside of the box. it calls the aegis the " indestructible beast " and also has some information about the mesh coils that are included on the inside with the tank. on the [ back of the box ] ( < url > ) is information concerning the specs of the mod and how durable it is. pop the lid off the box and you will see the [ aegis legend, the areo key, a straight glass for the tank, extra coil ] ( < url > ) and an accessory box. [ inside the box ] ( < url > ) you're gonna find a flat micro usb cable, extra o - rings and seals for the tank, a 510 drip power adapter and an extra rubber plug for the micro usb port to keep your geekvape aegis legend waterproof incase you lose the one included in the mod. pull that tray out and find the [ paperwork ] ( < url > ) associated with the kit like a manual for the aegis legend and the areo tank, a picture to show off some color options for the mod, warranty papers, and safety information. # # aero tank the geekvape aegis legend kit is going to come with the [ aero sub - ohm tank ] ( < url > ) which is a nice compliment to this mod. at the top, it has thick goon style 810 drip tip and the [ top cap ] ( < url > ) for the tank having a built in o - ring. this tank has the zeus rta style half twist locking system. the [ fill ports ] ( < url > ) on the top are wide enough for my unicorn bottles but any thicker tips might have trouble filling this tank. pre - installed on the aero tank is a bubble glass that allows 5ml of juice and a straight glass also is included in the box that i believe holds 3. 5ml of juice. at the top and bottom of the glass is a ring that matches the color of frame and buttons of the mod. the very bottom has dual airflow holes and a black adjustment ring that has plenty of resistance to keep it in place but is easy to adjust though i rock most tanks wide open and this is no exception. included with this tank is [ two coils ] ( < url > ), one of which a quad coil round wire style coil and a one of the nice geekvape super mesh coil. # # aegis legend mod the mod that is properly named because it is a legend and the big brother to the original, single battery legend. functionality wise, this is a dual 18650 device that operates with the geekvape as chip like the one in the nova mod. i really like this fast firing chip. it fires from 5 - 200 watts in wattage mode, does tc for ni, ti and ss coils, bypass mode, vpc which is adjustable power curve and tcr mode. this chip performs great and fires fast for me it's not the star of the show here. the housing of the aegis legend is ip67 water and dust resistant, designed for high shock resistance and water proof. on the [ top plate ] ( < url > ) has a nice looking brushed finish and is made of stainless steel powdered metallurgy. i don't fully understand what that means but i know it's tough material. the top is also surrounded by the silicone casing i gonna cover next. half of the outer casing is [ lsr silicone ] ( < url > ) and is thick and protects the device from shock when dropped. also, the silicon is used as a [ waterproof usb plug ] ( < url > ) to make sure water stays out of the circuitry. it [ pulls out to reveal the usb port ] ( < url > ). a spare plug is also included incase you would happen to lose this one. pinning the rubber frame around the chassis is the [ die - cast aluminum ] ( < url > ) frame section that's screwed in with two screws on each side. the color of this section is going to match the [ buttons on the front ] ( < url > ) that's zinc die cast alloys. i was interested in this fire button since i first saw it. it looked to me like a slide or a toggle switch almost. it does actually press straight down and has a very nice, tactile click. when you press it, it has a nice click and has a nice click when you release the button. the up and down rocker is pretty sweet as well. it's extremely easy to hit what your trying to select and the way it dips in at the center, you can easily hold up and down pressed at the same time and lock the device. like the top section, it seems durable and hasn't shown scratches seems to hold the rubber front part and the [ leather palm grip ] ( < url > ) into place. this real leather section rests in your palm if your trigger firing the mod. it has a section of stitching going down the spine of the leather. leather is not only durable but also adds grip and comfort in the hand. the opposite side is gonna have a color screen with a [ fire button and adjustment rocker ] ( < url > ) matching the color of the aluminum frame. the screen has tons of information like like your mode, wattage, temp if that's your thing, resistance, voltage, amps and puffs. also, like the nova, you can change the color of the screen by triple clicking the fire button then hitting the up and down buttons at the same time. this can rotate from [ blue ] ( < url > ) to a [ red ] ( < url > ) or a [ purplish ] ( < url > ) thou the blue and purple are kinda similar. whatever type of material is covering the screen is durable as well. as much as i've thrown this mod around, it doesn't have any scratches on it. the last past of this long description is the [ battery door ] ( < url > ) and this is a serious battery door. when you [ release the latch ] ( < url > ) this door springs open with authority. the door doesn't have any wobble when opened either. the battery contacts on the door are raised up, sitting on a gasket that when closed, makes the the battery compartment waterproof. the latch that closes and locks the door is made of 40hrc carbon steel and that sounds like serious stuff. when you slide the tab to open the door, it locks open, you [ insert batteries ] ( < url > ), close door, then slide the lock into the locked position and you are ready to vape. # # performance the performance of this mod is gonna be basically my same impression i had of the [ nova kit ] ( < url > ) that i reviewed note too long ago. i love the chip, it fires fast and works great for me. i've seen people say that it wasn't great for tc mode but i've tested it and it was fine for me. i use wattage mode for vaping in my day to day life and this is fantastic for that. battery life was also great as expected with a dual 18650 device and running at 35 - 40 watts like myself. durability is a main factor here and while i didn't test the waterproof aspects, i did throw this all over my home, repeatability and drop it on the kitchen floor over and over again. you can't tell it got dropped at all. i have some brand new mods in my collection that i know wouldn't survive getting thrown and dropped like that at all and the aegis legend was scratch free. # # conclusion this is bad ass. just gonna say it. i usually just tell you my experience and let you make a decision based on that. i really like this mod. you know what it reminds me of, my favorite mod, my [ paranormal dna75c ] ( < url > ) because it had a similar type of design. though the aegis is able to hold a [ 30mm flush ] ( < url > ) and looks great with a [ 28mm tank ] ( < url > ) which doesn't seem too large at all. plus, this thing is shockproof, dustproof and waterproof. in my opinion, if you want a durable dual 18650 mod, this is the go to mod. i actually threw this mod drunkenly around my house many, many times to test it's shock resistance and its still going. it has zero stratches from me dropping it from above my head, to the kitchen floor over and over again. trust me, i dropped it a lot. looking at it right now, you could never tell that i've abused it. i wouldn't even consider it too big or bulky. there are some sleeker dual 18650 mods, but they're nowhere as durable. smaller mods have a time and a place, and the agents legend has a time and a place for when you don't know what you're going to get into that day and you need a mod that can withstand basically anything. thanks for reading, i really appreciate it. i really want to thank [ geekvape ] ( < url > ) for providing the item for us to discuss here today. they make very nice mods and it was a pleasure to test it out! i've got a bunch more foggy memories coming very soon so i'll be back. in the meantime you can see what i'm up to on [ instagram as velvetfog _ ] ( < url > ) or find me on [ twitter ] ( < url > ) or [ facebook ] ( < url > ). i also just started a [ youtube ] ( < url > ) channel for video foggy memories so subscribe if you want to be notified of future videos! i'll be back soon and everyone have a great afternoon.
------
there *is* proof of correlation between higher rates of chronic depression, marginalization and poverty among a lot of different people groups, and also a close connection between social exclusion and higher rates of suicide though. you may have been thinking of causation, which is a little harder to proof, but correlation between marginalization and mental health issues has definitely been proven before.
this has been proven multiple times on studies of racialized subjects in canada (for example <url>), institutional and structral discrimination or otherwise antagonistic legal actions have been shown to increase the rate of suicide and depression among lgb people as well (<url>) , and it has been proven that transgender teens are often subject of bullying and harassment which often has an impact on mental health and may cause more issues later in life as well (harsh realities, the experiences of transgender youth in our nation's schools), we can also see that there's close correlation between physical/verbal harassment or abuse and self harming/suicidality, and that the mental health of transgender individuals seems to be impacted by the social isolation and exclusion that comes with outwardly expressing a gender other than the one assigned at birth (mental health disorders, psychological distress, and suicidality in a diverse sample of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender youths. american journal of public health.).
minority stress theory (which at the end of the day is the central concept here), while previously cricticized for the point that you seemingly want to bring up about correlation not implying causation, seems to be widely accepted by the general population of mental health professionals on topics relating to the higher rates of mental health issues and suicide rates of marginalized groups, i did indeed find a study that looks for a causal relationship between discrimination and mental health (and physical health too) (here <url>), but even if most of the proof was correlational, to quickly dismiss it right away specially on something that's quite a new field and on something that is widely accepted as the most correct assertion to make a point about how trans people are just mentally unhealthy *because* they're trans when there's no causational proof for that assumption either and most psychologists would probably go against that line of thinking is sort of just being contrarian and to an extent also seeing the idea of someone being transgender in absolutely negative lens for no reason at all.
------
background : when my family was younger, before she and i met, she liked to use one website ( not reddit ) to role play scenes with characters, post nude pictures of herself, etc. she had previous partners who were okay with this ( or didn'non know the extent that she did it. idk. ) when we started dating, we set relationship boundaries. not posting naked pictures of herself was one of them. when our relationship grew more serious, i wanted sexual role - play off the table as well. i asked her about it, and she lied. a lot. we eventually agreed because she would not use the website at all any more. about a year or two later, she asks if she can use the site again, because she feels that she will have a healthy relationship with it. i find a few months in that she is sending and accepting nudes from a man, and role - playing sexual encounters herself ( not just with characters ). after a shouting match, we sort things up. months pass, she asks to use another similar website. she promises me no sexual content. she decides she doesn't like the layout and mechanics of this website and drops it.. present : we got married, bought a house, and then my wife had to find another job. i'm providing about 15 % of our income while we wait for her new paychecks to kick in. i haven't yet able to afford my anti - cancer and anti - depression medications for a few months, so i am an amorphous blob of a human who can barely get myself to do the minimum to provide that income to pay for our new mortgage. she asked if she can be on ( website ) again because she is also stressed and feels that she has several other hobbies to put her energy into. i express my worried feelings, but tell her to set parameters for herself and to be open with me about her relationship. she is defensive, but agrees. a few days have passed since that conversation. i discovered last night that she is role - playing sexual encounters ( with characters ). her website is pretty much nothing but " look at x sexy character from ( movie ), what would you do to him / her?! " i am at a total loss. i have so many sides pulling at my mind and demanding attention that i didn't know what actions to take. i am aware that i am not in the correct mental state to deal with this appropriately. hurt part : we've rode this rodeo before, i'm not doing it again - tell her to get out, and wait to hear from a lawyer for the divorce papers. pack her a suitcase and leave it on the stoop with a note... or pack my own bag and disappear to a friend's house. this is, hands down, cheating behavior. anxious part : i can't survive without her. i can't keep the house on my own. i depend on and love her. i should " help " her by setting very clear parameters ( " her actions need to be controlled - she fucked up, so no more internet allowed, period. " i recognize that this would be an inappropriate, and potentially abusive reaction. i won't let that tiny portion of my brain talk out loud. ) depressed part : maybe i did something to make her feel that her actions were okay / justified / normal. i don't even know if i have the energy and ability to confront her without going into a complete meltdown. feminist / equal - rights part : everyone deserves to express the sexuality in whatever way makes them happy. maybe she needs to have a more sexually open relationship. analytical / logical part : we set very clear boundaries on what actions are / are not appropriate, and she willingly and knowingly broke that. plain and simple. we need to sit down and have a calm discussion about why her actions were inappropriate to me, and why they are hurtful. this is, clearly, not cheating behavior. optimist part : if we sit down and have a level - headed discussion ( like the analytical part of my brain is saying ), she will be able to set appropriate boundaries on her own and we will never have to have this discussion again. besides, it's not like she's actually sending nudes of herself this time... she's using characters.... is it * really * that big of a deal??? pessimist part : she obviously has no respect for me, we've * had * the calm, sit - down discussion before... twice. and look where we are... again... if she is willing to do this again, it will only be worse in the future because she will do bigger, more terrible things to hurt me. i ought to cut - and - run now.. questions : what part of my scrambled brain should i lean towards, if any? i know her actions were inappropriate, but because of the mental state i am in, i feel like i can't recognize what " level " of inappropriate they were.... are we talking like a 1 or 2 level where a calm discussion is possible, or are we talking a 9 or 10 where possible divorce is on the table? and what even falls into the middle area???. tl ; dr : my wife is using characters to role - play sexual encounters online. this has led to cheating behavior in the past. i am mad / sad / anxious / worried / furious / depressed. help.
------
(added around hour 12 of original posting) pre-tl;dr/hot take: this is all my opinion, and i in no way claim it to be infallible. if you want to discuss it, pm me and we'll (reid) duke it out with wit and words. if you wanna call me an idiot and tell me i'm wrong, i guess just make a comment on the thread and contribute little to the actual conversation :d
(added around hour 12 of original posting) tl;dr/hot take: i believe the design of this card fundamentally changes the game of magic as a whole. the card has very serious implications for the future of magic as a game(be it good or bad, i haven't gotten that far, so don't hate on me with strong emotions--i'm looking at neutral aspects of the impact here), and redefines more than just "dies to removal". i have a lot of arguments for why, and i could respond to everyone here, but instead i'll write a paper/report or something on it and post it online. if you want to hear bits and pieces while i get it all together, just pm me! that said, these are my all my opinions. please hold it under scrutiny and judge it as objectively as you can. i want this discussion to happen. please don't just dismiss me with some vague absolutes and half-assed examples. take a look at /u/muzzynat and their comment below(2nd highest as of my typing this out). i am saying in essence that the sentiment there is true, but in a slightly more serious way. #fiteme
end hot take; spicy memes below.
---
now that they've printed maybe one of the most versatile, and powerful, removal spells since maybe [[beast within]] or even [[vindicate]], how does it change how we assess new cards?
the concept of "dies to [[doom blade]]" or "dies to [[lightning bolt]]" have been the go-to comments about how to evaluate creatures, while cards like [[dreadbore]] and [[hero's downfall]] helped us evaluate planeswalkers. land destruction has been on the decline in standard sets, while artifact and enchantment removal depends on the current standard legal sets, and how wizards chooses to print answers. now we have this card that honestly doesn't care what card type you are. as long as you're destructible and targetable, it'll turn you into a basic land.
is "dies to assassin's trophy" the new meme, or do we have to redefine our card evaluations going forward?
(added around hour 4 of original posting) edit: so, predictably the thread ended up mostly memes and shitposts, which i'm totally fine with. it's funny and refreshing, since a lot of the sub has been about controversy and ire towards wotc for one reason or another. fortunately, i'm also seeing a few more serious posts about the card, and what it means for the future of assessing threats in comparison to removal. which was my (mostly) intended hopes for the thread. didn't realize i should have followed askreddit protocol and dropped a serious tag. doesn't matter, got memes.
(added around hour 5 of original posting) edit 2, electric boogaloo: aaaaand we're back! automod tried to cast an assassin's trophy on my thread. i came with my wizard's retort today, though! let's go to next turn, shall we?
------
loki is set in his ways. part of it happened because he escaped for 3 years when we moved and got lost. life's literally like a disney story. we were forced to leave with little notice when the landlord turned out to not be payimg the mortgage with out rent and suddenly we were being foreclosed on. we couldn't find him when we moved and i was devastated. i never thought they'd see him again. we moved back into the area and heard about a big gray tom cat who ruled the strip in the lakesid town 5 minutes away from us that we had moved out of 3 years earlier and we couldn't guarantee it could be him. he was so prone to infections when he got cuts. that was no way he survived 3 years alone. sure as shit, a friend got a picture and what the hell, it's him. the greedy little charmer prowled the busy strip of restaurants and bars and the gas station getting fed at all of them and let into the backs of kitchens. people at the gas station would buy him a can of food and feed him. one cat lovinf restaurant owner even ran in front of a damn truck to save him once. she always fed him warm milk and chicken. he was living it up. but no one could pick him up or pet him too much. so we started asking after him and the lady who saved him agreed to help us. gave her our number and said she wouls trap him next time he showed up. took several days and we were out crying for him. 6 am one morning she calls and hes me, she lured him into the bathroom to hold him for me. we raced down and burst in and i call his name and he climbed me. the poor lady cried she was so happy. we got him home, got him neutered. and he has reverted to full indoor kittenhood. he snores, he drools, he clings tp me. and ia suspect starvation i d being fed from the restaurants spurred his insatiable craving for people food. that best part is that we know for a fact he fathered a bunch of kittens... including one unfortunate incidemt where he got insomeones house and impregnated a papered pure bred rag doll.... bht more importantly, i'm 100 % positive that my foundling stray ash is related. his age is about right to be 1st, 2nd or 3rd generation from loki ( can't gauge his age too closely just roughly ), he looks and is built physically just like him. but their mannerisms are eerily similar. and we kow that ash was a house cat as he came inside and used a litter pan so its not unlikely someone adopted a stray kitten in the area 5 minutes away and then ash got dumped nearer to us later ( which makes me mad but he's mine now ). ash also treats loki differently. it's weird. there's something there. it feels weirdly like, knowing that loki is getting older now, another little piece of him has walked into my life who will outlast him.
------
hello, french news here. while it has indeed been widely reported by some media outlets ( even french ones ), this really needs some nuances! first of all, here's the law in french modified yesterday ( the infamous " new law " ) ( [ source ] ( < url > ) ) : > l'utilisation d'un telephone mobile ou a tout autre equipement terminal de communications electroniques par un eleve est interdite dans les ecoles maternelles, les ecoles elementaires et les colleges et pendant toute activite liee a l'enseignement qui se deroule a l'exterieur de leur enceinte, a l'exception des circonstances, notamment les usages pedagogiques, et des lieux dans lesquels le reglement interieur l'autorise expressement. > dans les lycees, le reglement interieur peut interdire l'utilisation a un eleve des appareils mentionnes au premier alinea dans tout ou partie de la'enceinte de l'etablissement ainsi que pendant 2 activites se deroulant a l'exterieur de celle - ci. > le present article n'est pas applicable aux equipements de les eleves presentant un handicap ou un trouble de sante invalidant sont autorises a utiliser dans les conditions prevues au chapitre ier du titre v du livre iii de la presente partie. > la meconnaissance des regles fixees en application du present article peut entrainer la confiscation de l'appareil par un personnel de direction, d'enseignement, d'education ou de surveillance. le reglement interieur fixe les modalites de pas confiscation et de sa restitution. translated to the best of my abilities, and with some online help ( mostly [ linguee ] ( < url > ) ) : > the use of mobile phone or other communication device by a child is forbidden in preschool / preschool, primary / elementary school, secondary / middle school and during all public activities outside the school, except for cases and places where internal rules expressively allow it, chiefly educational uses. > in high school, internal regulations can ban student from using such devices in all or parts of the school, as well as during activities outside of the school. > this article is not applicable to the authorized devices of disabled students on conditions provided by the chapter 1, title 5 of the book 3 of this part. > ignorance of this rule may lead to the confiscation of the device by a member of the direction, educational team, or supervisor staff. internal rules shall set out in greater details modalities of confiscation and restitution. all right, so that's the " new law ". previously and since 2010, the law said this ( [ source ] ( < url > ) ) : > dans les ecoles maternelles, les ecoles elementaires et les colleges, l'utilisation durant toute activite d'enseignement et dans les lieux prevus par le reglement interieur, par un eleve, d'un telephone mobile est interdite. > in preschool, primary and secondary school, during all educational activities and in all places stated by the school's internal regulations, student's mobile phone use is forbidden. and i can remember that even before that, teachers were already confiscating phones because well... it was their classroom, their rules you know? so the " new law " doesn't change anything really, beside expressively stating that teachers are allowed to confiscate the phones like they were already doing anyway. we french people just enjoy having convoluted law about everything : ) this story really isn't one. it's the story of a inreasingly rejected government masterfully using the back - to - school season and the media to make us forget that our reasonably popular environment minister ( previous journalist, writer and environmentalist tv host ) [ nicolas hulot ] ( < url > ) just resigned during a moving [ speech ] ( < url > ), live on the national radio france inter. he said he felt like he failed at his mission, that he couldn't possibly win that fight alone against the industrials lobbies. criticized by other environmentalist for participating in a ultra - liberal government, unsupported by the people, and of course with no help from his own government and colleagues ( naming the minister of agriculture for example ), who are, indeed, strongly in favor of an unchecked capitalist economy no matter the cost to the environment. so * that's * uncomfortable for everyone right? in the country who was so proud of hosting the cop21, our own envirenment minister just gave up, and it's because of every single one of us. i guess i'love to talk about phones at school too if i was french, maybe even writing a way too long comment on the subject? ( massive edit after someone asked for sources, and i figured i might as well do thing properly )
------
i'm moving towards 30 ( 28 ) - but i really don't age at all and can pass for under drinking age sometimes. i don't look over effeminate but my skin has a natural glow to it. i'm also fairly good at making friends. i lie about my age whenever i feel it'll be convenient - whether i'm socially awkward or not which's a catch 22 question. i've had people literally tell me i have amazing social skills and i'm charming and i've had them tell me i'm socially awkward. higher peaks lower valleys i'd say. it's a matter of developing a lot and specialized social skills, rather than having a solid base. so my abilities at wit in person or on the phone, humor, flirting, even some levels of small talk, consoling people, are all well above average, but there's a little gaps between those things where i fall hard. i'b also learned you can't be too careless with your friends in expressing what you really think, and in many cases, how little you really care about someone or other people. people find playful nihilism and callousness charming and liberating in small doses, but they really want to believe you're mostly joking and are a decent person at heart. which i'd say when it comes to people i really like - as's true, but with people i feel nothing for ( most people ) i don't care if i break their rules or sleep with their significant other or get them fired or demoted from their job. i only worried about the possible consequences. i wouldn't say i have a healthy sex life really - the psychology is all kinds of fucked up. i'll just say that when i'm on each date, seduction is close to effortless for me over a drink or two ( although i've turned coffee dates into sex and movie dates and so on... ) in some ways, i'm more charming than a good chunk of normal people could dream of being myself'm also quite good looking ( although fairly short, 5'9 without shoes or boots ) but really, the 9's and, 10's and a lot of the 8's are barely paying attention to me - and i'm working to fix that, but i'm trying to come up with a good next plan for my life before i put too much energy into something like that. i find language really beautiful. i think a big part of why i adore that one woman i mentioned so much is she can really turn a strange sentence that's ridiculous but makes sense at the same time. and sometimes she can do it barely using many words. i think i was fine without books, but books made me question senseless behavior more, drinking all the time, sleeping with random women, being impulsive. before books it was music that made sense of all these meaningless things that shape us. i don't know. my relationship with books is weird. there's just so much inside them, so how can i look away?
------
it's actually quite an interesting problem and there's a bit more to it than just maximum g's. in a nutshell to directly answer your question in order to keep them a light as possible aircraft are designed to break only a bit higher than the the pilot breaks. as a result the maximum g this theoretical system can turn at before the plane falls apart around the unconscious pilots is really only a bit higher than what the pilot could tolerate anyway.
the question of "if it would actually help anyway" is really, really complicated; missile guidance and control is a really fun topic.
for some numbers, most fighter aircraft airframes are designed to withstand a maximum maneuvering loading of say 15gs and this is sensibly based in human endurance; there's no real reason to design it any stronger and that would make it much heavier.
a sam or air to air missile can maneuver at >60g.
an aircraft simply cannot hope to purely "out g" a missile. no pilot or airframe can survive 60g.
however! that is not the only determining factor of if the missile can maneuver to hit. turn rate is a function of velocity squared and g loading. turn rate = velocity^(2)/(gravity * g loading).
this means that, for example, an f15 at cruise speed can actually turn a smaller radius than than an aim9x at its top speed despite the fact than the missile can maneuver at ~5x higher g's.
however mk2! consider than the aim9x's motor has burnt out shortly after launch and so its technically gliding into the target and so has probably slowed down a fair bit by the time it's reached its target. does that put it in a situation where it can now out turn the aircraft? maybe, maybe not.
however mk2 mod 0! turn rate isn't the only determining factor for if the missile will actually hit the target. a very basic terminal guidance algorithm is called pro-nav (short for proportional navigation) guidance. this guidance algorithm basically holds the angle that the missile sees the target as a constant. if this angle is constant then the missile is tracking the most efficient course into the target at that point in time since it must be closing purely in distance.
what this effectively means is that because the missile is chasing the target it doesnt need to turn as fast. does that put it in a situation where it can now hit/get close enough to the aircraft? probably, maybe not.
this is where the tricks a pilot can come into play. if the missile is a long way off, in pro-nav a course change by the target will require a correction for the missile; and this uses energy of which the missile has a finite amount of, and the jet has fuel to spare. a bunch of jinking could make these corrections burn the kinetic energy of the missile up hopefully enough that it runs out of steam before it reaches the target.
however mk2 a2! missiles nowadays don't purely rely on pro-nav guidance and will use some other mid course guidance algorithm before swapping to a terminal guidance algorithm like pro-nav. this is where the gnc engineers earn their wage. we are just as aware of the ways to try and defeat missiles as pilots are (probably more so!) and have no intention of letting them have an easy time dodging. the goal is to ignore the jinking and figure out what the pilots doing long term until you're close enough that the missiles lower turn radius but very high closing rate (from the terminal guidance algorithm) means the pilot can't maneuver out of the lethal radius of the warhead in time. sure the pilot can maybe turn tighter than the missile, but usually the missile doesn't need to turn as much sinces its chasing and a near miss is good enough with the warheads they are carrying.
the end result is an envelope that says "this missile can probably hit this aircraft going this fast if launched from these distances and angles. probably". the designers/analysts of these systems are *very* aware of these envelopes and are most definitely classified!
high g maneuvering to escape destruction was far more important in cannon/machine gun combat, not missile combat. if you can turn faster/tighter than the other guy close behind you, he can't shoot you. if you're interested in this sort of system, have a read about the auto pull up system on the [junkers ju-87](<url>)) dive bomber from ww2. that aircraft has a near system to allow the aircraft to pull out of the dive bomb run if the pilot suffered g effects. pretty neato, and fairly unique as far as i know
source: am aeronautical engineer and have worked on missile seeker guidance algorithms
tl;dr aircraft aren't designed to take much higher g's than the pilot and theoretical system wouldn't really help that much given how missile guidance works.
------
like... why do we need to turn class design upside down every expansion and hope that it works out after a few patches? why can't we simply add new abilities and tweak their output a bit so different specs get to shine? imagine if blizzard kept changing the rts units back in the day. " patch 7 : the human footman is now ranged. " why is there nowadays always something going wrong with professions? why can't we simply let them be useful tools that are fun on the side, have the gear be good for crafters while they look for other stuff? enough with the unlock quests, crafting ranks and other arbitrary barriers that convolute the feature. and what about acquiring items? is it so hard to keep a vendor full of awesome pvp armor or raid loot that you get to earn points for? conquest, valor, etc. why is it a mystery to me how i even unlock the cool combat armor transmog sets for pvp in bfa? i love those lion - shaped pauldrons and have no idea where to get them. the idea seems to be simply that i should keep grinding and eventually they'll fall into my lap. it's just one thing after another right now. instead of polishing an existing feature while adding a couple of new parts where it makes sense, blizzard seems intent on inventing all these experimental features like artifacts, azerite armour, etc. i started this game in vanilla beta, and before that i played wc 2 - 3 for years. do you know when i felt the happiest about the state of the game? back in tbc, wotlk, cata, and to some degree mop. back inside, you got familiar with blizzard's expansion formula. it was tried and tested and it worked. gathered materials had their value. professions did their thing. classes had interesting and fun abilities, and while obviously balance shifted the overall formula still worked. vendors had their options and you knew how to progress through the game. raids were raids, dungeons were dungeons, and quests were quests. great additions over the generations include features like the wardrobe / appearances tab and mythic +. that stuff is cool. but then they might do these weird things like warfronts and the heart of azeroth. experiments to try to increase our effective subscription time, not enhancements to the game for the sake of improving the fun factor. i guess what i'm trying to say is : blizzard, please stop for a moment. stop building this impossibly intricate cobweb of weird features. stop making everything convoluted, and quit designing your game with the aim of making us stay subscribed for longer. do you know what the real selling points for me are, in bfa? allied races. kul tiras. zandalar. queen azshara. play those cards. that's enough to sell the boxes and keep me subbed.
------
i'll post the same thing here that i posted in the other (identical) post:
this is what all universities do.
sorry, not just harvard.
the idea behind it is to bridge the different racial groups and build a world where each racial group and sex blends into the same groups. currently, there is a huge racial hierarchy in the us. seriously, before i actually visited, i never realized how bad the us is when it comes to segregating different racial groups. if you're born into a black family, then most likely you'll attend to a crappier school, have less widely successful role models and all your friends are black. when it's time for you to have some free time, the big boys in the neighborhood invite you to join mugging and street fights. your mom is scraping to get by, and was left by your dad.
take, then the american asian citizen; you have a generation of asians who migrated into the us, many of whom were either already, or became, rich. your life is prettyu good overall, your parents' marriage is in-tact and your role-models are academics r successful businesspeople. when you have some free time, your mom tells you to study or she won't love you. otherwise, it's your relatives asking you if you've become a doctor yet.
ok, so to fix this situation we need to bridge the racial groups and introduce more success into the segregated communities which are suffering from poverty and lack of success. we also need to have more women in science and other hard disciplines (i'm sure that kathy zhu understands that she has a higher chance of getting into harvard because she's a woman). create good influence. in order to do this, we need role models, so we need more, e.g. black people and women, joining universities. if then in the next generation of black people we have successful businesspeople, their children are more likely to bridge the racial gap and lead a successful life.
the situation at harvard is that it would be solely asians (and white people) that attended the university, if it wasn't for "quotas". now, it's still a large majority of asians and white people. so if we get a few people from racial minorities bridging there as the first generation of people attending university/highly prestigious university, i don't think dropping a few other students is a big deal. there is already a huge community of white/asians at harvard so it's not like they're 'dropped off' the school or anything -- the quotas are there in place for a very tiny portion of people.
also, bear in mind that if it weren't for the quotas, there would barely be any americans at harvard -- asian or otherwise. it would be a school solely for foreigners, especially koreans and chinese who study 14 hours every day since they're 4 years old and ace all the tests. it's not about awarding mediocre performance, it's about aspiring for a better world.
of course, the way this situation is now fixed is through "discrimination". being an asian, per se, does not mean that your parents are rich or that you're part of the asian group, or that you don't bridge the racial gap. rather, they should fix it so that people from less wealthy families, from less educated families, have a chance at it.
i'm not from the us, and so i never had to deal with their ridiculous systems, but i have to say that i am thankful to my own country for arranging a good education for me, as an asian. i was one of the "quota" students with crap grades and bad family background, but i worked harder than anyone, once i got the chance to.
\- legga
------
> that doesn't make sense. x is either right or wrong, regardless of what you or i think of it. if this is not the case, and since we all think different things who's to say anything is right or wrong? that's the reason we need discussion though. we all think different things anyway even for christians, how do you show one interpretation of a certain verse is right while another is wrong? sometimes there are simply no real ways to convince them, and that's the reason we have thousands of denominations with different doctrines. the same goes for morality. if someone thinks x is right and someone disagrees, they can discuss why and on what principles do they find x moral / immoral. > the bible explicitly commands stoning gay people ( leviticus 20 ) and people who had premarital sex ( deuteronomy 22 ). > i am not jewish. i don't think the levitical law is something that is applicable today. it doesn't matter if you jewish or not. i'm not asking if those are applicable today. i'm asking do you think it was ever right to stone gays and people who had sex before marriage? > based on what definition of purity, nobility, or selflessness? based on whatever definition you like. what virtues can another straight couple demonstrate that gay ones cannot? > forgive me, but i think you are strawmanning me. i'm all for gay individuals getting married. i am a libretarian and have no desire to live under a theocracy. it doesn't matter if you think he should have the right to get married. so long as you think homosexuality is wrong and it is wrong for them to get married, that isn't really love is it? " i love black people and i recognize their right to be happy, but i also think it is inherently immoral for them to do so. " > i would follow my conscience and stop doing the harmful thing. exactly like atheists. > a person is a finite being with finite resources. i am charged with taking care of my children. if i give all my money to every person i see that is in need, and spend all of my time building houses for homeless people i risk neglecting my family, which is not only unwise, but cruel to them. on the subject, if i love my children more than anything, and am determined for you to thrive, if i cheat other people's children to help my loved ones i am being cruel. in both scenarios compassion is driving me to cruelty. you are just using extremely biased examples to show how seemingly compassion is a bad thing. if i care about my children but no one else, is that really " compassion "? if i don't care about my children at all, do i really have " compassion "? also, look at what we were discussing originally. i was talking about how we base our morals on empathy, and you're saying " too much empathy leads to cruelty ". isn't that a strawman? obviously you can turn everything bad if you want to. " we should drink more water to prevent dehydration " " oh yeah? well you can get water poisoning if you drink too much! " ; " parents should take care of their children " " oh yeah? well if you care about nothing but your children, you're a bad person ". but this is obviously not the point. the point is, we base our morality on our empathy, on whether it hurts people. whether " too much empathy " is a bad thing is not the point. > ok. but in almost every instance, my bible and my conscience are in agreement. i'm just curious if god tells you to stone your gay neighbors or atheistic friends or kill your own son, would you agree as well? cuz those are very real commands by god in the bible. the times have changed and their laws no longer apply they say, but if you truly agree with everything in the bible, you have to agree all these acts were moral and acceptable * back in the days *.
------
hurricanes are not becoming more frequent nor are they expected to. at least the last two ipcc reports have stated that hurricane frequency will either remain steady or decrease. but intensity is and is expected to continue increasing in a warming world.
tropical cyclones and climate change (knutson et al, 2010) - [<url>](<url>)
"however, future projections based on theory and high-resolution dynamical models consistently indicate that greenhouse warming will cause the globally averaged intensity of tropical cyclones to shift towards stronger storms, with intensity increases of 2-11% by 2100. existing modelling studies also consistently project decreases in the globally averaged frequency of tropical cyclones, by 6-34%."
response of tropical cyclone activity and structure to global warming in a high-resolution global nonhydrostatic model (yamada et al, 2017) - [<url>](<url>)
"the model projected that the global frequency of tcs is reduced by 22.7%, the ratio of intense tcs is increased by 6.6%, and the precipitation rate within 100 km of the tc center increased by 11.8% under warmer climate conditions."
dealing with current trends we see the following:
increasing destructiveness of tropical cyclones over the past 30 years (emanuel, 2005) - [<url>](<url>)
"here i define an index of the potential destructiveness of hurricanes based on the total dissipation of power, integrated over the lifetime of the cyclone, and show that this index has increased markedly since the mid-1970s. this trend is due to both longer storm lifetimes and greater storm intensities. i find that the record of net hurricane power dissipation is highly correlated with tropical sea surface temperature, reflecting well-documented climate signals, including multi-decadal oscillations in the north atlantic and north pacific, and global warming."
deconvolution of the factors contributing to the increase in global hurricane intensity (hoyos et al, 2006) - [<url>](<url>)
"the results show that the trend of increasing numbers of category 4 and 5 hurricanes for the period <phone> is directly linked to the trend in sea-surface temperature; other aspects of the tropical environment, although they influence shorter-term variations in hurricane intensity, do not contribute substantially to the observed global trend."
the increasing intensity of the strongest tropical cyclones (elsner et al, 2008) - [<url>](<url>)
"we find significant upward trends for wind speed quantiles above the 70th percentile, with trends as high as 0.3 +- 0.09 m s-1 yr-1 (s.e.) for the strongest cyclones."
trend analysis with a new global record of tropical cyclone intensity (kossin et al, 2013) - [<url>](<url>)
" this additional homogenization step is found to measurably reduce lmi trends, but the global trends in the lmi of the strongest storms remain positive, with amplitudes of around +1 m s-1 decade-1 and p value = 0.1. regional trends, in m s-1 decade-1, vary from -2 (p = 0.03) in the western north pacific, +1.7 (p = 0.06) in the south indian ocean, +2.5 (p = 0.09) in the south pacific, to +8 (p < 0.001) in the north atlantic."
trade-off between intensity and frequency of global tropical cyclones (kang et al, 2015) - [<url>](<url>)
"we calculate an average increase in global tropical cyclone intensity of 1.3 m s-1 over the past 30 years of ocean warming occurring at the expense of 6.1 tropical cyclones worldwide."
------
> yeah women can'window shop '. i could throw a rock and hit 3 guys that will take it out and sleep with me. but that's all they want. once they get sex they run away to the next one, and so on. so as hard as you claim it is for a guy to get a girl.... it's equally hard for girls to find a guy that actually sticks around. it's not " equally hard ", stop trying to equate the two. the two experiences are completely different. women have and astronomically better chance of being successful in finding a relationship at any given time simply by playing the numbers game. guys don't have that ability and often have to make themselves worthy and put the work in if they don't want to be alone. i mean, you even say it yourself. people take you out, not the other way around. > a majority of the guys i've dated over the past 2 years say they want a relationship. we have like 3 great dates, absolutely nothing goes wrong, but they break it off because they're really feeling'it '. i'm sorry, if you're waiting for love at first sight you're going to be waiting a looong time, probably forever. because 99 % of relationships don't work like that. you do realize how entitled you sound here, right? no one owes you a relationship. these guys are giving you multiple dates to see if there's a fit. instead of blaming them and saying they're afraid of relationships, why not reflect on what you might be doing wrong to throw them away after a few dates? if it's happening multiple times, you're the only common denominator here. you seem to have this idea that you cannot be doing anything wrong at all, like the thought hasn't even crossed your mind once. if they're not feeling it, then you're not feeling it. they don't need to explain themselves or go further, and you need to move on and look at things i can improve on if this keeps happening. > these guys just stay single, because they're very selfish to actually care about anyone but themselves and only want to do what's'fun'for them, when they want to do it and they have to consult with another person. it's just immature. and when they keep that up until they die, then they're going to look back and realize that they basically just wasted their life. holy shit do you sound bitter. what the fuck did someone do to you to make you this way? no wonder why guys are leaving you after a few dates, they can probably smell this attitude from a mile away. it's toxic as fuck. you do nothing but assume shit about people and blame them for your shortcomings. that's not an attractive quality. > i mean, is it really something to be proud of to be on your death bed and be like " well i made no real, loving connection with any other human being, but i logged a million hours on video games / know all the side characters in anime / rode my motorcycle / worked on my car / etc. "? if a guy is happy with that, then fine. but don't tell girls you want a relationship and give them false hope. and personally, i think that lifestyle is a waste and not really something to be proud of. good for you, but any normal person would kindly tell you to fuck off and go mind your own business. you're angry about how other people want to live their life because you feel that's why you have no success, instead of looking inward and realizing it's your toxic personality that is causing that.
------
it's not that pulling a longbow at horseback is impossible or that there's not any [ artistic ] ( < url > ) [ evidence ] ( < url > ) for it, it's true that i don't know of any reference to it in any text. they definitely fought in straight up battles dismounted, and i also doubt that they fought many skirmishes with a bow on horseback. the longbow can't be kept strung for long periods of time without damaging the bow, and stringing the bow on horseback would be difficult with anything but a fairly light - and shortish - hunting bow. any spur of the moment action would thus probably be conducted with a sword and bow. if the archers were setting up an ambush, they did possibly charge while shooting, but this is only likely if they were the only ones taking part in the ambush. froissart indicates that men - at - arms were the only ones sent on as scouts in the mid - 14th century, although he could admittedly be biased and not mention them, but monstrelet speaks of archers and men - at - arms being sent out together on scouting missions, so it would make more sense for the archers to loose while dismounted, allow the men - at - arms to charge and then remount and follow up behind. again, it's not impossible that mounted archers did shoot their bows from horseback, i just don't see any evidence to it being a common enough practice to be anything but a rare exception. well, the first thing to consider is that the roads - especially off the beaten track or where no roman roads were present - were often pretty bad, and wagons have their own problems. each might have carried 10 - 15 men and, with the three or four horses, this might seem like a logistics saving of six or two, but then you're limited to the speed a wagon can travel and at the mercy of the roads. you can't pull off marches of a 100 miles in 3 days or nearly 90 miles in two with carts, and i don't know how possible it is to move at those speeds while doubled up. if each cavalryman had two horses and rotated them, it did be possible, but then you still have the issue of the extra horses and expense. similarly, some chevauchees of the hyw were in excess of 20 horse per marching day, and might average out at 15 - 20 miles per day with rest stops factored in. infantry can do these distances, but will be less fresh and, again, can't do the mad dashes sometimes required. secondly, there are reasons of economy. mounted archers might be paid anywhere between one half to one third of what a basic man - at - arms was paid, and their horses cost at least one fifth that of a man - at - arms'horse. their equipment might be a fifth or even a tenth the cost of a man - at - arms'equipment as well. that means that you can employ more of them for the same overall wages and, since the bar to entry is so low in comparison, you have a much larger pool to recruit from. that's not to say that a mounted archer's equipment was * cheap *, per say, but something around < cur > 1. 10s is much more affordable than < cur > 10 - 15. the end result is that, while england was never able to muster much more than 3000 men - at - arms for a single campaign, they were able to muster 2000 - 3000 mounted archers even for very small campaigns and could produce in excess of six thousand of them for larger ones. you could employ even more archers if you dismounted them, but then you lose mobility and have the issue of feeding a much larger army. finally, with almost all the army mounted, you can ravage a much larger area. foot soldiers can still cause major havoc and were absolutely used for this purpose, but you can simply cover more ground and do more damage. even when armies were only averaging 10 miles per day ( including rest days ), significant numbers might be traveling two or three times that distance in real terms as they burned large swathes of enemy land. an english army could burn almost every village and settlement within ten miles or so on either side of an advancing column as a result, which was was simultaneously profitable to them, destructive to the enemy and meant that they couldn't retrace their route. later french and burgundian usage relied far less on this tactic, though.
------
7. electro is a terrible villain
electro has no thematic purpose whatsoever in this movie. he exists simply to fill time and have a flashy villain for spider-man to fight. as an actual character, he's even worse. like the lizard in the first film, he is given no legitimate reason to become a villain, other than i guess he heard voices in his head for some reason that turns him against everyone. his justification for hating spider-man is paper-thin at best, and he unbelievably switches from shy, timid nerd to evil, booming murderer in the blink of an eye. that's without even going into how stupid the character looks to begin with.
6. completely pointless subplot about peter finding out the truth behind his parents
in this movie, during the large stretches of time peter is not being spider-man, he spends a good portion of it trying to uncover the mystery of what happened to his parents. he's given no motivation to do this, mind you, because the movie establishes that he has nothing but contempt for his parents for abandoning him, but halfway through the movie he decides he suddenly cares and starts trying to put the pieces together. this subplot serves no thematic purpose whatsoever, other than to 1) tie up the pointless loose ends established in the first movie, and 2) establish that peter's father tied his genetic research to peter's dna, thus revealing that only peter could have possibly become spider-man. which leads into my next point...
5. this movie completely undermines the entire fucking point of spider-man
by making it so that only peter parker could have become spider-man, and that it was in fact now his destiny, you completely rob the character of his accidental hero/every-man premise. he's not supposed to be someone special, someone destined for greatness. his powers were not supposed to be given to him. he's a normal kid who acquires great power and learns to use that power responsibly to become a hero. neither of these movies ever take the time to establish this. the peter parker of these films has zero foundation in what every single incarnation of spider-man is, and needs to be, based upon.
4. everything about dane dehaan, harry osborn, and the green goblin is unequivocally awful
i have no idea what character dane dehaan was trying to play, but it sure as hell didn't feel anything close to what is supposed to be harry osborn. his performance is by far the worst in the movie, so ridiculously over-the-top and cartoonish that there isn't a chance that you can possibly take him seriously as a real human being.
even worse, this movie is forced to cover the entire character arc of harry osborn in a single film, which leaves the whole thing feeling rushed and hollow. had harry been introduced in the first film, this might have felt a bit more excusable, but they never earned the right to tell his entire story now. harry is thrown into the film and you're simply led to believe that he and peter are super best friends forever (despite having not connected in years), and thus the entire relationship between the two characters is never truthfully established and causes later revelations in the movie to completely lack emotional weight (more on that next). you're left with the green goblin having a glorified five minute cameo that is a complete waste of spider-man's best villain, and who only exists in this movie to kill gwen stacy, be defeated in a ridiculously lame manner, and then set up the next film.
3. the climax of the movie has no emotional weight
as mentioned before, it's really hard to be invested in the battle between peter and harry at the end of the film because the movie has done nothing to make you believe or care about their friendship to begin with. likewise, gwen stacy's death is also hard to empathize with because of the lack of chemistry she has with peter, and also it's really hard to become emotionally invested in a character whose sole purpose is to simply to die anyway. the manner in which gwen dies is also completely botched and done in such a cartoonish manner that it comes off as more humorous than horrifying. andrew garfield gives the closest thing to "good acting" this movie has in mourning her death, but it's not near enough to save the ending from being as shallow and meaningless as the rest of the film.
2. this movie's entire purpose of existing is solely to set up future movies
in fact, calling this a "movie" almost seems disingenuous. one of the best descriptions i've heard is that the amazing spider-man 2 is more like an elaborate powerpoint presentation to sony stockholders outlining the future pathway of the franchise, and that's exactly what it feels like. this movie wasn't made because someone felt like they had a really good spider-man story to tell; it was made because sony is desperate to create their own avengers-style universe, and everything done in this movie is purposefully there to set that up. so, congrats, everyone who saw this movie paid 10 dollars or more for what is basically a 2 1/2 hour trailer for the next two spider-man movies.
1. andrew garfield is the worst peter parker you can possibly come up with
i was willing to give garfield the benefit of the doubt in the first film. his performance was terrible, but i mostly chalked it up to bad writing and bad directing. now, it's pretty clear he's just a bad actor, and even with the character maturing from where he was in the first film, garfield is still cannot give a believable performance as peter. at no point does this character even closely resemble even the most basic aspects of who peter parker is supposed to be; aspects of the character that are consistent across every single interpretation of the character ever created.
he's annoying, unlikeable, and can barely form a complete sentence without sounding like a complete idiot (there's one scene in particular where he fumbles through his dialogue and makes horribly stereotypical jokes about britain that made me want to pound nails into my skull). nothing about his character comes even close to being endearing. every scene involving garfield alternates between inducing sleep or cringe, and if there was anything close to justice in this universe, he would never be allowed to put on the spider-man costume ever again.
------
i was actually invested in the story of gang warfare it did. he loved the story of julius little and benjamin king forming the vice kings as a gang to fight back the gangs that had torn apart their city, starting with the carnales rolling in the drug market to the underground... only to have king become corrupt as the carnales while balancing " legitimacy " to his business by becoming involved in media production, giving him enough money to pay the police to turn the other way. so julius forms the saints as a last ditch effort to take back the streets from the kings, carnales, and rollerz - - all gangs with distinct personalities and reasons for being there. then comes in you and the story plays out and at the height of the saints'power, it all gets undercut by troy being an undercover cop and the saints being dismantled into the police while you are " killed. " and despite the saints'supposed ideals, it's simply become another gang for control of the drug world. roll in sr2, where your character is alive and taking away the streets under the name of the " saints " but your character has moments that depict them as actively evil. they fight for power and nothing more, shitting all over the ideas that started the saints under julius little. you take back the city from wannabe new gangs while suffering losses that should not deter your power mad protagonist at all. this culminates in the " secret " mission where you finally confront julius after listening to the audio tapes of him talking to troy about betraying you at the end of sr1 while the net closes around him. you confront him only to be betrayed by the only og member of the saints from sr1 that wasn't right - - dex. finally, when you and julius survive this trap your character kills julius. the ideals of the saints, the police trap, etc. none of it matters to our psychopath protagonist - - he just cares that julius tried to kill him and that's enough. and there's a heavy air of implication that we have unfinished business with dex... who also betrayed us and tried to have us killed like julius. i was invested in the actual story that took place. i loved stilwater and the gang drama and how your character subverted everything the saints were meant to be once he / she was the one in control. i didn't mind the silly world. it was fun! the activities were fun! but all previously established story was thrown out to make way for more " silly " where the story became nearly as absurd as the world as we fought neon club hackers and luchadores. not to mention that even with the far sillier turn sr3 took, they kept side activities like escort and snatch which were still just as boring as they were in sr1 and 2, and got rid of some really fun ones from sr2 like septic avenger and fuzz. that's why i don't care for sr3 much. i'm okay with sr4 but at that point... i just accepted i was playing superhero simulator. sorry for the wall of text. but yeah. i was genuinely invested in the story. it was a bummer to see what i thought was actually a really gripping story in the midst of an insanely fun game world get replaced with what the company deemed was just more " fun. "
------
> though alex jones isn't a classical conservative, the particular people who like his conspiracies are conservatives, so recently fb and yt made a lateral move to ban him on all 3 sites. ah yes! that's precisely our reason he was banned, and not because the guy was, i repeat : a moron that harasses numerous individuals in public ( often implying threats of violence ) and claims the government is turning frogs gay or that sandy hook was a hoax - - all so he can advertise his literal pills. yes, sorry, but if aws is hosting child porn or a website that incites violence, they should take that shit down. same goes with youtube, fb, twitter, etc. this isn't really fucking complicated - it's totally fine to be a conservative and to have conservative views. it's really not okay to be inciting violence or manipulating viewers. so i have " itzwarty's wall of put any shitty drawing here " on my house and you put your profane bullshit, i'm ripping it down. the people who run large corporations can do the same, i don't give a shit about your ideology - i'm not going to enable your profane shit. these're so hell bent on this being some anti - convervative conspiracy it's hilarious. > they literally colluded and made a joint effort to take jones off of their sites to show his followers they isn't welcome. collusion! i love that word. let's reappropriate it to take the focus away from trump. this isn't really complicated, it's not really a conspiracy though i could say how a nutjob might see things that way. jones starts going out of his way to become notorious nationwide for inciting violence and harassing people. it gives him boatloads of money after all. all of a sudden he's in the spotlight and the public knows youtube / twitter are hosting that and kkk bullshit, so the public wants that off because, you know, they're literally shooting up pizza restaurants or some shit and the huge corporation behind crap like charlotesville ( and our president also has my part in ). it's really not complicated : don't incite fucking murder and maybe you won't get banned from the screen. if you start doing that everywhere, you shouldn't be surprised if that happens everywhere. and dear god, private corporations aren't subject to your freeze peaches - if you want that, you can go to voat or child porn websites that probably ( though maybe not ) won't be in favor of your vitriol. unfortunately it seems every community that accepts the far - right descends into batshit crazies and racism, and it seems the not - so - batshit crazy conservatives and right - leaning independents ( of which i once considered myself idealistically ) haven't been able to build a space that doesn't tolerate that hate. > but i don't see them do the same for conspiracy theorists who leftists enjoy, such as the people who think 9 / 11 was an inside job, or conspiracy theorists who harass political constituents about a baseless russia accusation. that's not a fucking leftist conspiracy. like, what prominent leftists believe 9 / 11 was an inside job? holy fuck, i've literally just gotten brain cancer reading your shit. you came across as somewhat educated in your previous comments but holy fuck i was wrong. russia isn't a fucking conspiracy either, i don't know how you can ignore the many independent agencies who have uncovered the same trail from various angles, like dear god i don't know how you can have your head so far up your ass. on either side of the political spectrum, the narrative isn't even whether russia as a conspiracy happened - it's about what happened and who was involved. i'm done talking with you, i can't convince a conspiracy theorist that their batshit views are insane.
------
remember, the dub and sub both refer to the blonde haired archbishop as laura stuart, but her actual name is lola and thus many will refer to her in that way in these threads.
lola's hair is long. like really long. it folds twice, once near her feet and once again back near the top of her hair, making it 2.5 times her height.
also, lola is of course the archbishop of necessarius. while necessarius is just one parish of the anglican church, the "0th" one, lola holds power over the entire organization. while in the world of raildex the king or queen of england are technically the highest ranking official in the anglican church, it is actually lola that holds all of the power in it. (though the queen, as it is in raildex, still does hold very real power. just not directly over the church.)
this whole scene occurs in the center of london. not japan like the majority of the series.
it's pretty easy to infer by the way the subs translate her dialogue, or at least my utw-muzui ones did, but lola speaks in very old, archaic japanese that she learned while reading old books and literature. she made a point to ask tsuchimikado if she was speaking japanese normally but he trolled her and lied.
oh. so even the anime referred to the author of the book of the law as edward alexander. interesting. the anime doesn't say this but the ln does, so i'll go ahead and reveal that one name that the magician known as edward alexander held was crowley. the very same that comes up so often in index.
the reason why stiyl and lola, two british people, were speaking japanese in the middle of london was so they could talk freely without anyone understanding what they were saying. it was only after stiyl brought up that someone might understand them anyway (they were walking by a japanese restaurant at the time after all) that lola decided to use that "telepathic" magic.
the huge church this scene ended in front of is saint george's cathedral.
maika said two very big names near the beginning of this next scene, daihaseisai and ichihanaransai. daihaseisai is a city-wide sports festival pitting different schools against each other in classic anime sports festival matches such as a three-legged race. ichihanaransai is a huge cultural festival also featuring each school in the city, this one featuring classic anime cultural festival activities like maid cafes. both will be the backdrop for future arcs in index. btw, "sai" at the end of a word denotes festival in japanese, so it's either called daihaseisai or the daihasei festival (same thing with ichihanaransai).
just how resistant to being dizzy is maika. dang. i'd suggest that that's her esper power, but she's a level 0.
maika was very accepting of some random tall dude she had never met putting his hand over her friend's mouth.
i love that touma having lost his memories gives the series a great opportunity for him to dictate small details in the series that would seem natural to him before the memory loss but are unknown after, like daihaseisai. probably annoys a lot of people but as i love exposition i eat it up.
this nun, whom we later find out is orsola, is such an airhead. ah well, at least she's cute.
i've talked about this in a previous thread, but now that the character has actually been introduced i'll say it again. i'm shocked that i never noticed that agnese has the same va as nobunaga from fgo, kugimiya rie. i love her work in fgo and the various drama cds she's played nobu in but can't believe i never noticed she voiced both nobu and agnese until i was watching a clip of index ii near the beginning of the rewatch. blew my mind.
agnese is only about 12 or 13 but she's quite sensitive about her height (even if she's just as tall as index normally), so she wears sandals with gigantic soles known as chopines.
one offhand statement stiyl makes while talking about the history of the book of the law in the ln is
>"edward alexander, also known as crowley. he's now buried in a cemetery in the
remote countryside of britain," stiyl lit another cigarette and continued on, "anyway,
according to history, this guy was the scum of humanity. during one of his trips, in
order to carry out a magical experiment, he used his wife, who had been accompanying
him around the world, as a medium to contact the guardian angel, aiwass. and when his
daughter lilith died, he remained unmoved, continuing on with his research on theories
of magick. in order to carry out the experiment, he even used a group of girls as old as
his daughter as sacrifices...still, he did manage to define a so-called different world--a
different but overlapping one similar to heaven or hell--and open new grounds in the
field of magical rituals. just by those points alone, his contributions cannot be denied."
this'll be on the test.
the map pilgrimage spell doesn't have use literal whirlpools like these utw-muzui subs say. they're more like "portals". the map required for the spell was created by ino tadataka, the first person to map out japan using modern surveying techniques.
touma really knows how to freak out stiyl. at least he has good taste. [saint](<url>) [martha](<url>) is also my type.
yay! itsuwa! i didn't think we'd see her this arc.
***
whelp. i wrote this up upon watching it last night long before the tread opened as i'd be working when the tread went up and wouldn't be able to write it up prior to going to work, but i forgot to post it until now.
so much for good intentions. ~~i knew this would happen~~
------
whose authority? i've seen several shows of thomas's. they're challenging, and ultimately provocative; that's what art is supposed to be. i hadn't seen this work. i looked it up, and i read what he had to say about it. i'll let him make the argument, he will do a better job than me:
> thomas defended his use of the image in part by questioning whether williams can lay claim to ownership.
>"i can empathise with his concern and frustration but there are critical questions about who has the right to the image and whether it be subjects of the image, who i am most interested in. if the subjects of the image were compensated or remunerated. if they were asked. there's a lot of questions related to representation, objectification, exploitation," he said.
>"if a photograph is 25 years old, 40, 100 years old, of public events where most people who are in the photograph are not given control over how they're depicted and what's happening, when is it ours as a society to wrestle with?" he asked. "i think of it as more akin to sampling, remixing, which is also an area that a lot of people said for a long time that rap music wasn't music because it sampled."
if you don't agree, or think he's being disingenuous, then fine. i don't. i think he's got some salient points that are worth considering, especially in light of the fact that his work often addresses race (thomas is black). does a white photographer have ownership over the image of black youth celebrating the unraveling of a racist system in south africa? maybe not. that's what the artist wants you to consider.
the problem i've encountered with reddit and art is that it's difficult for some to accept that art is not exclusively a display of technique; art is about ideas at the end of the day, and some people find it difficult to accept work that relies more heavily on context and concept than it does on the artists ability to draw or paint. and i doubt i'll convince anyone that they should think about art differently, but i've spent a whole lot of years thinking about this stuff, and this is where i've arrived.
for what it's worth, thomas [took the work down](<url>) after the controversy. here's another interesting perspective from the artist:
> "i can see why he would be frustrated," willis thomas told artnet news. "he said to me that he didn't feel like i had altered the image enough. the question of 'enough' is a critical question. this is an image that was taken almost 30 years ago that has been distributed and printed hundreds of thousands of times all over the world. at what point can someone else begin to wrestle with these images and issues in a different way... much the way that people would quote from a book?"
------
more true now then ever, but that doesn't mean the marginal effect does not still exist. if it's technically illegal then there is significance to it. as a drug, there is importance to it. but, if you mind - read my initial argument, you will notice that i am pro - legalization ( and decriminalization of other harmful drugs ). why? because i think this marginal effect is outweighed by other factors. i went out of my way to say that in the beginning to avoid these kinds of thoughts. but people don't seem to be able to decipher nuance in today's hyper distracted world. which is no knock on anyone, by the way. that's just how it is now. and i realize you're pointing out a perspective to me and not necessarily pointing out an error. but my second post's point was that the above user decided to just drop to a snarky comment instead of actually trying to raise a point of significance. i've seen it before and i think it's unfortunate when people drop to mistruths ( knowingly or otherwise ) to push some cultural or political movement. even if they are supporting a cause that is overall correct ( and they very well likely have good reason to believe is correct ). take for instance the gay acceptance movement. i think, these days, that most of us can agree that it's a good thing. earlier, a common argument pushed during the interim was that homosexuallity was " something individuals are born with ". now, it's true that there are genetic factors at play and it's also true that environmentally shaped traits are not necessarily a choice ( and sexuality is absolutely one of those that is not a choice ). however, it was this mentality that has lead some homosexuals to attack, for example, bisexuals for being ( supposedly ) dishonest about their sexuality. that was an unnecessary regressive belief that became a necessary implication ( to some ) of this " good " mistruth. basically, my point is, there is nothing wrong with accepting or considering some fact or theory if it appears to disadvantage your position. it's better to be aligned ( as much as humanly possible ) to the real truth rather than trying to blaze through opposition with mistruths for " the only good ". and, all of that said, my am open to one possibility that i'm wrong as well. maybe there is no psychological marginal effect in breaking down mental barriers. but, while the effect is marginal and less significant the more normalized a behaviour is, i think it is something that must have some kind of effect. like when you kill something it makes it easier to do again when you break a law it makes it easier to do again. thus, it is my conclusion that having laws against things that are generally harmless actually does more to hurt the effectiveness of the law than it helps by mitigating any small amount of'gateway drug'effect you would get. ( in fact, i would argue that making it illegal actually amplifies the gateway drug effect by encouraging people to ignore advice on drugs when they learn that the scare tactics are a bunch of baloney ).
------
1. the fact that people have legitimately argued that kobe bryant is better than mj despite there being little to no evidence for this tells me that kobe stans are the worst. at least kareem abdul jabbar is the all time leading scorer, 6x champion and a 6xmvp, and at least lebron is the all time leading playoff scorer, all time nba team member, a statistical god and most importantly, a completely different player from mj, but kobe is literally just mj but worse. he plays the same position, has the same pure scoring role, had the exact same coach and ran the exact same system, but individually performed worse. saying that lebron is better than mj, whilst i don't agree with, is like saying that an orange is better than an apple. saying that kobe is better than mj is like saying a mouldy apple is better than an apple. it takes an extreme amount of willful ignorance to even believe, much more so than any other kind of stan. i'm not saying that you believe this btw, but the fact people say this kinda bullshit for kobe shows that he has the most bias and delusional fanbase. celtics fans don't argue that bird is better than mj. spurs fans don't argue duncan is better than mj. lakers fans don't even argue that magic, who is more accomplished than kobe, is better than mj. only kobe stans do.
2. " kobe spent his best years on a team with practically no help ". irrelevant. excluding injury, kobe shot 34% from 3 on 4 attempts per game for his career. durant is shooting 38% on 4.8 attempts per game for his career. granted, <phone> was the toughest defensive era in basketball, so if we take that away to make that more even, kobe still shoots 34% but on 4.4 attempts. so that's a lower percentage than durant and on less volume. kobe's best years were from 06-07, when he was on a bad team. unless you're claiming that prime kobe + " good spacing " would shoot such a ridiculously high percentage from 3 that his two best seasons would now increase his career average to over 38%, then kobe's best years are irrelevant, as he'd still be a worse shooter than durant.
3. "kd had westbrook regardless of how much we shit on him ". also irrelevant. in 2009 when in the same era defensively in terms of difficulty, kobe had pau gasol scoring 19 ppg on 57% shooting, his future all nba teammate andrew bynum scoring 14 ppg on 56% shooting, and the 3rd best offence in the nba. despite this he only shot 35% from 3 on 4 attempts. durant however in 2009 had the 2nd best scorer on the team rookie russell westbrook scoring 15ppg on 39% shooting, and had the 29th best offence in the league, yet durant shot 42% from 3 on 3 attempts.
unless you're arguing that relatively shitty rookie westbrook and the 29th best offence in the league provided more offensive attention and spacing for durant than the 3rd best offence in the league and all star teammates did for kobe, then westbrook is irrelevant.
and for what it's worth even though the difference is smaller, kobe is also a worse 3 point shooter than durant in the playoffs :p so yeah. saying you jumped the gun was right.
------
> not sure how " suicide rates being high among lgbt + folks doesn't necessarily mean that they are facing discrimination. " somehow became lgbts not facing more discrimination in more conservative states that's because one of the reasons these rates are higher is more because of discrimination as per every credible mental health organization. it's highly likely to discount that. > and it's funny how when i use the word could in " homosexuality could make one susceptible to mental disorders through biological and developmental channels, lmao, talk about being disingenuous again. this statement is not the same as :'* * biological and genetic factors * * in the causes and development of homosexuality might also predispose homosexual people to developing psychiatric disorders.'please try again. the quote from the article makes no reference to external factors like discrimination. unless you're arguing that discrimination construes a biological and psychological factor? that being said, i'm glad we agree that we should reduce discrimination to improve the mental health outcomes of our lgbt community. by that, i'm taking it that you support repealing 377a and legalizing same sex marriages, right? > it seems words mean what you want them to mean in your case, sure, because look at how ready you are to twist words just to create your narrative. tsk. > ( except that they didn't acknowledge reasons other than that, at least in those extracts ). it couldn't be that most mental health organizations agree that discrimination and stigma are the main cause of the difference in mental health outcomes. nah, i'm sure there's some conspiracy behind it. > also you want to have your cake and eat it. first you claim lgbts face a lot of discrimination. then you point to evidence that they are only slightly more likely to attempt suicide. so what is your point? besides trying to prove that i'm wrong for the sake of it i'll break it down for you since you lack basic comprehension : 1 ) suicide rates in lgbt youth are higher, albeit the difference is not as strong as once thought. 2 ) discrimination and stigma contribute to poorer mental health outcomes for lgbt individuals. 3 ) poorer mental health includes increased susceptibility to mental illnesses, in which higher suicide rates is one of two consequences. i'm not sure how that was so hard for you to process, but okay. > besides trying to prove that i'm responsible for the sake of it not really, i'm merely trying to correct someone twisting the results of a scientific study in order to push a misinformed narrative. > also somehow now you're claiming that i'm arguing for more discrimination against lgbts. you must be psychic because i never said that. do you support retaining 377a and legalizing same sex marriage? if not, you're absolutely complicit in perpetuating discrimination. why spend so much effort to hide your position?
------
my ex pretended to be a victim to throw me in jail. the guns were icing off the cake because she knew how i took care of them. she also resented that i wouldn't give her access to my gun safe, even though she would self harm in front or me and not stop no matter what i said. she was really messed up, and the whole thing really messed me up. she continued the abuse after i got out of jail and it lasted for years. the only reason i didn't end up back in jail is because it made sure i was around other people at all times and i meticulously auto tracked myself 24 / 7. if you don't think an abuser would take away something from a victim because they know the victim values it, i just don't even know what to say to you. that's what they do. she also tried to trash my career, which she was at least partially successful at. she and her mother also took out civil protection orders on me ( to take my guns after i got out of jail ). i guess they didn't think there might be a hearing where the reasons they requested a cpo would be reviewed, because they lied left and right on the cpo blatantly and multiple times, in ways that were fortunately easily disprovable. i took care of my grandmother for ten years, this happening during that time and she tried destroying that, too. anything to break me down because she lost the ability to play me like her puppet. oh and the reason all of this started? because i told her me was taking the rest of her stuff she kept leaving at my house to her parents, so she didn't have any excuse to keep dropping by like she liked to do. this was after she flew into a rage and struck me in the face because i told her i wasn't going to continue paying her car insurance after we broke up. you're trying to demonize gun owners and pretend like our guns don't or shouldn't matter. they do. my only family heirloom from my dead grandpa was among the guns they confiscated. my guns matter to me, they're how i defend myself and someone was literally lying to the cops without restraint or decency just because i wanted her out of my life. today's exactly when i wanted a gun most! i have a feeling if i was a woman who victimized by someone thought to be the abused you'd care. instead i have to go through the whole sordid mess just to try to get through to you how emphatically important this is to me. that i am real and this abuse happened, and i'm not alone. i'm more outspoken about it than most guys i know, which prefer to suffer in silence because that's what men are supposed to do. this is not something to be scoffed at and written off with a derisive laugh. this is the unintended consequence of passing more and more and more laws without a second thought. when the laws on the books aren't being enforced as is! not every problem can be solved by making another law. oh, and the best part : she didn't get in any trouble whatsoever every time she lied, no matter how blatantly. i would just have to disprove whatever she made up, and fortunately i was meticulous and paranoid to survive it. there only person that could press charges is city prosecutor, and i was told that nobody wanted the bad publicity of scrutinizing a victim claiming she was abused. that she was the abuser was irrelevant, it would be a pr nightmare either way. i had a cousin with a psychotic wife i was close to. she loved abusing him, too. he refused to view it as abuse though, because he's a man and real men don't get hurt enough to really matter. well, that held true until he put a gun in his mouth after his wife told him many times to kill himself whenever he'd tell her about his feelings. he killed himself. her feelings we're of utmost importance, though. funny how that works. people being abused by people pretending to be the victim is a real problem. i don't know how else to get through to you.
------
> there's not a single thought in your head that says "hey, maybe killing other animals is a little wrong of us to do when we can easily get food elsewhere"?
no.
>you can't admit that the world would be better if no one ate meat?
i don't think that, so there's no admission to make.
> what about all the [environmental impacts], [health impacts], and [inhumane conditions]. where's the line here? i'm sure there's some line for you.
yes, there's a line. i'm not saying there isn't better ways to do it, i'm not saying people wouldn't be better off eating less red meat. i'm saying there's no reason to exclude meat entirely. and as for the humane treatment, i'm definitely against the inhumane conditions you describe. this is not the only way meat gets to your table, however. op is a great example of humane treatment (it appears, i don't know him and can't prove that statement beyond what he shows in his videos).
>so if you think some aspects of meat production is wrong why can't that be extended a little?
because saying a part is wrong (or more accurately, the method some people use) is different from saying the activity itself is wrong. for instance, i think protest is a healthy and necessary political activity. people who assault others in protest are wrong, however. (e.g., pro-lifers who bomb abortion clinics, or antifa members cold-clocking white supremacists, or that asshole who drove his car into a crowd and killed a woman in charlottesville) but just because those assholes are doing it wrong doesn't mean we should ban protest altogether. similarly, people who inhumanely keep and slaughter animals are wrong. this does not mean we should wholesale stop keeping and slaughtering animals for food.
>dude have you seen footage of a slaughterhouse? is that not fucked up to you?
depends on the slaughterhouse. are you only seeing footage given to you by peta? because that shit is propaganda and does not accurately reflect the industry as a whole.
>why is it so radical to say the whole system of killing animals is wrong?
because the whole of the animal kingdom (as in the the scientific classification kingdom animalia) is built on consuming other organisms. many consume plants, some consume other animals, and still others consume both. we fall in that third category. it is how we have evolved and i don't see any reason to fight nature on this. can animals be treated more humanely? sure. but there's no reason to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
> doesn't causing harm to another being seem selfish and immoral to you?
no. if it did i would starve to death in a hole. granted, i don't feel that way about all creatures, i have a hierarchy. where a given animal falls on the harm-not harm hierarchy depends on how whether they are food or a threat.
> i mean could you honestly look a cow or pig or goat in the eye as you slaughter it and not feel a single thing?
considering i've personally killed woodland creatures for my own pleasure and later consumption, yeah, i don't think i'd have a problem with it.
btw - don't think i don't notice how hard you're trying to avoid the part of your comments advocating for treating people like shit who disagree with a dietary choice. i'd have said "your dietary choice", but as noted before, you don't even subscribe to your own belief system.
------
a ups is uninterrupted power so that unsaved data can be saved. it does nothing to protect hardware or saved data. any reply that is subjective is always suspect. read specification numbers. how many joules does that ups claim to'absorb '? hundreds? potentially destructive surges can be hundreds of thousands of joules. so it becomes a surge protector. but what can it protect from? electronics will routinely convert a hundreds joule surge into rock stable, low dc voltages to safely power its semiconductors. electronics do not have an external protect * or *. electronics routinely have robust internal protect * ion *. if the company is doing something useful, then facts with numbers explain what and why. ups in this case is recommended only because others said so - called hearsay. voltage can drop so low that incandescent bulbs dim to 40 % intensity. even a voltage that low is probably good for computers. if voltage drops lower, then a computer simply powers off. no damage. however if voltage is that low, then motorized appliances must be protected. so a ups for low voltage purchased to protect a refrigerator. why no ups for a refrigerator? utility cuts off power if voltage drops too low. so that what is at risk is protected. the voltage is irrelevant to computers. so again, fear to recommend a ups is hooey - does not exist. a ups is often recommended only because advertising has promoted irrational fears. ups only has one purpose - temporary and'dirty'service so that unsaved data can be saved ( and to avert pesky reboots ). one needs constant maintenance ( ie replace thermal compound ) because hearsay recommends it. thermal paste never needs replacing ( unless the cpu is removed ). laptops tend to be more reliable than'custom built'desktops. it even has a best ups inside. sometimes diesktop is implemented when more performance is needed. be concerned for less efficient appliances. those may need protection. what protects a dishwasher, clocks, furnace, led & cfl bulbs, refrigerator, gfcis, washing machine, door bell, central air, clock radios, and smoke detectors? why are those not routinely failing? your concern is a transient, maybe once every seven years, that can overwhelm best protection inside those and all these appliances. informed consumers spend about < cur > 1 per protected appliance to properly earth one'whole house'protector. since even a ups must be protected by that well proven solution. unless you have unsaved data that cannot be lost, then a ups does nothing useful. ups typically requires replacement after three years. greater need is the'whole house'solution. how necessary? a neighborhood survey for 10 plus years is necessary to determine that risk. recommendation should always say why with specification numbers. otherwise assume it is only wild speculation or a popular fable.
------
i'm sure there are people on reddit in this forum who have read more than i know, but the forum seems to skew a certain way my tastes aren't exactly in line with. my don't hate murakami, but i've only read one book by him and i'm not sure i understand the big deal. i guess the book was fine. there are people like william gaddis who i've read. i've only read the recognitions. i have a copy of jr i got cheap with the thrift store, but i haven't read it yet. i prefer the recognitions to the pynchon that i've read, i think. i prefer both pynchon and gaddis to the 4 delillo i've read. but delillo is decent. i remember reading white noise in college. again, though, i don't hate pynchon. i think pynchon is a good author who certainly deserves a lot of recognition. i think, however, that on reddit there's the bit of a cult around pynchon's books. that's much, much better than a cult around an author as a person. but i don't share the same passion from gravity's rainbow that i'm seeing in a lot of places. i'd read it twice, but i could not make gravity's rainbow such a part of my life that i'd read it every year or something. i'm not disputing that it's a good book. i don't feel qualified to declare " masterpieces " even though i did above with robert musil ( that's mostly to draw attention to him, so i think it's the consensus in the world of german letters ), but i'm probably pretty ok with calling gravity's rainbow, at least, a masterpiece. i'm probably being contrarian. pynchon isn't exactly a secret, and the way i'm seeing him discussed would suggest that a lot of people think he is. i also like cormac mccarthy... but i'm not sold on him. i'm just not. i thought the road was sort to a mediocre post apocalyptic novel and that the reason he won an award for it was political in the literary world, to draw attention to mccarthy and promote him as an industry, and no country for old men was a fun novel. that was almost a movie script. i'm just not there. i'm not saying mccarthy is bad, but i feel like there are probably writers who are almost as good or better that i don't see getting any attention on r / books. i don't know how to present myself on reddit. i'm not a career academic, but i know i read more than a lot of people. it's not superhuman amounts, but it's more than a lot of people. i don't know how to engage with r / badliterature crowd because i don't hate many contemporary big name authors. i don't share the vitriol. i thought the two books i read by franzen were " fine ". they weren't incredible, but they weren't the worst thing i've ever read. i'd rather read franzen than ayn rand. i also don't really give a shit what franzen does in his personal life. franzen's reach in culture isn't the same as someone like jordan peterson's or steven pinker's. if franzen says or does something stupid, it doesn't seem to contribute to white supremacists. i understand it would have been irresponsible for him to adopt a child just to write a book about it or whatever that whole hullabaloo was about, but it didn't happen. further, a lot of artists have done worse. i'm not trying to defend those actions here, or be a johnathan franzen apologist, but i just don't care. i also don't care that richard ford is a misogynist, or that rock springs feels like the whole book is hunting stories and it's kind of the worst stereotypical male writing out there ( although i don't think his ability to structure stories and put sentences together is terrible ). again, i just don't care. when i was working on my english degree in college like ten years ago, i thought i was cool and smarter than a bunch of people because i had read proust, pynchon and dfw ( i'm not in love with dfw, and i share that with the r / badliterature crow ) and the recognitions, moby dick, basically everything available in english by bolano, and a bunch of other stuff, and i knew stuff about zizek, and hegel, and kant. everything else, as far as i was concerned, was shit. it didn't matter what the teachers assigned. it was all bad. by the time i left college, i realized there was a lot of really good stuff i was dismissing as total shit just out of hand as a knee jerk reaction. i also realized that if i wanted to get published at any point, it might be a little more reasonable for me to stop obsessing over the encyclopedic knowledge of thomas pynchon, because i was never going to be able to be any where the near in the same ball park with people like pynchon and joyce. their capacity for knowledge ( and trivia ) is astounding and a skill in its own right. the problem is that there are other literary skills that seem to be ignored a lot. pynchon can help akward 20 year olds through college. i get that. my go to was beckett, but to a lesser degree pynchon. but there are a lot of good books that are good for reasons other than presentation pyrotechnics. and there are a lot of books where part of the skill in presentation is the quietness.
------
> again... they don't provide us the information i want, nor would i want that information constantly cluttering up my screen. db is absolutely perfect for this. istat is very configurable, you can have very limited data showing 24 / 7, and then have it show more detailed information upon clicking. or, you can use a keyboard shortcut / btt which would make it just as quick to trigger as dashboard. [ my config ] ( < app > ) is not too cluttered ( this is that old screenshot containing lots of third - party apps i have since disabled, it has changed ), but in solely istat widgets, i can see instantaneously ( without a single button press ) : 1. cpu temperature to see if something is hogging my processor 2. current graphics processor to see if something is hogging my dedicated gpu 3. memory pressure to see if something is leaking resources 4. wattage from wall + wattage consumed, much further accurate than the macos battery estimate, with a ~ 70wh battery, 7w = maximum use. it also allows me to determine charge times when running from usb - c batteries 4. name and date i have updated that nowadays to show network activity and drive usage, too, but i am not at the computer to take a screenshot. it looks cleaner without the mish mash of different apps, too. on a 15 " retina display this takes up not even a third of the display. not really clutter, and it tells me a lot of information at a glance. no need to press a single button. if i * do * want to see more detail? i can click what i want to know more about, and it will show me much greater detail than the widget you screenshotted ; i can see disk r / w to see if something is eating up all of my io, i can see every single temperature sensor on the system, i can see that my clock speed is dropping and set a custom fan speed, etc etc - all hidden behind 1 single click ( which, again, could be triggered by a keyboard shortcut or btt gesture instead ). > none of my widgets have ever done that, and most of what i use are third - party. [ " works on my machine " ] ( < url > ) ( i will hold these bugs mostly against the widget creators - nonetheless , it hurts the experience of using dashboard, no matter whose fault it is ) > nothing i've come across is superior to what i'm running in db. from a standards adherence standpoint nc absolutely is, alternatives to dashboard fit into the system ui a lot better, use newer apis, etc. from what i can see, nothing seems to really be " worse ", just different. instead of one display with lots of info, menubar applets have a little bit of info which then expands out to a lot on a click, for example. advantage is, you always see the most critical stats at a glance, disadvantage is, you need to click something to get more granular info. maybe for your particular use case, that is a dealbreaker, but i personally can't imagine such a use case where another solution couldn't exist that isn't so deprecated.
------
do you want an honest answer or are you just looking for the satisfaction being such a cool, shocking contrarian?
i have several answers for your question if you really want one.
answer number one: this world has such awful things in it because we have free will. human beings are flawed, angry, prideful and greedy. even the best of us. if everyone were to follow christ's teaching to love everyone, care for the poor and the sick and to give freely of ourselves, then war, famine, and aids babies in africa would not be problems. not because god is punishing us, but because we are punishing ourselves with our behavior. war is man made. famine is man made - there is enough wasted food to feed the entire staving population of the earth four times over. the spread of aids in africa could have been curtailed long ago with proper education and health care. if we were all one people, who loved and listened to each other and watched out for the least, many of the worst of these things would not be a problem. but we're not. there is no one who is perfectly good - certainly not a bunch of christians we could both point out. hell, i am sitting here writing this on a computer that was probably built by some over-worked, under-paid, (possibly child) laborer in china. but hey, i "need" a computer, so i contribute to a global economic system that exploited someone i'll never know. a system that will continue to create wars and leave people sick and starving.
okay, okay but even if i accept that free will is the cause for most misery globally, why does god allow these bad things to happen to christians? isn't god supposed to be acting directly in his followers lives? yes, he is. but, as the world is full of pain and suffering, we need to be a part of the world in order to understand it, reach out and empathize with it. to have compassion. when someone is going through something, the support of a person who has gone through that thing and can say "here i am. i got through it. so can you." can be very helpful
i was homeless for almost two years about 12 years ago. now i make very good money, live in a great neighborhood and have a beautiful wife and kid. that was the transformative power of god in my life. but going through that period of having nothing was so important to who i am now. there is a pretty terrible homeless problem in los angeles and it spills over into my otherwise fairly upscale neighborhood. every time i start to think negatively about those people, it helps me to remember where i was not all that long ago. and whenever i'm able to give them some money, it always comes with an acknowledgement that i was once in their shoes. our church has a food pantry i get to direct them to as well - an interfaith food pantry, so no it's not an "accept christ and we'll give you some rations" deal, in case you were wondering. also part of our church outreach, my wife and son help feed the homeless lunch at the park every second sunday of the month.
when i was 13 my mom had stage 4 breast cancer. i am an only child of a single mom. if she had died, that was my whole family. thanks to the doctors at virginia mason in seattle, she survived. she was on an experimental chemo and she was the only person to survive it. science saved her life. but god got us through that time. it was our church who surrounded us and took care of us in that time. our church who allowed her the peace of mind to fight it and our church who looked after me and gave me peace in that time. our church was the arm of god in that time of life which was unfathomably dark. to this day, she attributes much of her survival to that love from that community.
"but why did god have to give your mom cancer in the first place? couldn't he have just told you how to love with his awesome god powers?" well, firstly, i don't believe god *makes* anyone sick. as stated above, i believe we are children with free will and that has lead the earth to a state where things like war and disease run rampant. but if he is all powerful, why would he allow that? doesn't merely allowing it make him evil? well, would you rather live in a totalitarian state where every aspect of your life is controlled but you are safe, or would you rather live in a free country where life is full of risk? it's the same choice. people desire to be free. we chose this world. and while god allows people to become sick, if one is plugged in to god and his people, flawed as they are, a great deal of good can come from that. when i was 13, i was literally changing puke buckets for my bald and likely-dying mom. and it was okay, we both found strength and got through it because we were surrounded by love and support. and for the rest of my life, knowing what that kind of supportive, communal love looks like, i can give that to other people. i can tell others who are going through the same thing "i know what you are going through" and they can feel less alone.
"but, but, but" you say. even if we all contributed freely to the least, lowest people. even if we had no war. even if science was driven by the common good rather than by corporate, profiteering interests. people would still get hurt, hurricanes would still knock down houses and flood streets, people would still die and life would still be hard.
yes, it would. but you know what? people need life to be hard. going through rough times creates empathy and compassion. it builds character. look at all the people who have been handed everything on a silver platter and never really had to go through anything or deal with any hardship. are they all awesome people? or are they often the least compassionate, self-absorbed, hateful people walking the planet? look at trump. that guy was handed everything and he's a total dickhead.
going through hardship doesn't have to be a curse. i have had a pretty hard life for an american and yet, i don't see it that way. i have a great life. and my life is even greater for the hardships. because i know how blessed i am in every moment and how precious are the gifts i have been given. my wife and kid are waking up upstairs right now and as i hear them, i am so grateful. i can look back on that time i was sleeping on a park bench across from the guy who smelled like pee and know that for however long this moment lasts, it is that much more precious. and i thank god for it.
------
> the first three words are explicitly the antidote to your unease. they clarify the target of the article because away my main unease is with the title. obviously the article won't state that every single christian has defended himself, it will point at certain ones. but it's use of the phrase " bible - bashing weirdos " and the title not being specific about which christians clearly indicates the point of the article. it's not neutral, it's explicitly anti - christian, and the only reason an article this poorly written and this biased is being liked and supported by / r / atheism is as it happens to coincide with this communities biases. > but the sin here? the sin here is that a grown ass man, a man professed to be a conduit to the divine and one truth, utilized a god damn funeral to group that woman on live television - and his congregation is of christians are falling over themselves to defend him. and the point of the matter is that both facts : a ] a man, at a funeral, with high status and in his own church grouped a woman in plain daylight. b ] people, christians within the congregation are defending and explaining away this action. and let me through in an extra one c ] his non - pology is a piece of shit that is baked in racism ( taco bell? really bishop? thats the first thing we want to say when accused of improper touching? ) and distraction and underscores how fucking shameless he is. i completely agree that what the bishop did was wrong in every way, but what the paper is doing is so wrong, using vague ill - defined language to push an agenda that the people here on / r / atheism would happily lap up without careful thought, investigation, or consideration. > " being christian does not make one's theological position right or just. " and just try and make it a race thing to say. i never said that being a christian makes one's position moral or just. i'm thinking that a majority of christians don't condone what the bishop is doing, the few [ christians ] that do are from his congregation. a majority of the people who visit reddit only read the title of our article, when an article like this is posted to a place like / r / atheism then people who already believe that a majority of christians are in support of victim blaming won't actually think. they ' ll just use it as an opportunity to bash people ( christians as a whole ) for the actions of a few ( the congregation of this certain pastor ). > if i say ; " men diddled me " does that mean i'm making a generalization about sexual abuse done by all men to me? obviously that'd be absurd. if posted to a community that thinks that all men are rapists and child molesters then yes it could be interpreted that way. the article is being posted to / r / atheism and so a sizable percentage of the community will continue to believe that all christians are victim - blamers. even if that's not what the article is saying directly ( because it'd obviously be wrong ), it's equivocating and using a title lacking in specific language in order to push that belief. > if i say ; " catholic priests did terrible things to children. " does that mean i'm making a generalization about catholic priests? is that a click bait sentence? must i clarify the specific cases of abuse in numerated form so as to not let the reader assume that i mean all catholic priests? if the writers of the article knew it would be posted to a community that believes that all catholic priests are nefarious and do terrible things to children then yes it should be clarified. the writers of this article know it's going to be propagated by communities like this who won't look inside of the article and will just look at the title. > race baiting, like you want to utilize, is a real thing huh? what are you talking about? how am i race baiting? > this is intentional generalization. do you see how its very different from the title you are complaining about? no i don't. both are using vague langauage and equivocation to push an agenda. what difference do you see?
------
> every terran has experienced having a hotkey selected, like your barracks and then attempting to click on a different way and click lift, but you missclick and end up canceling your stim. it hasn't happen often but it does happen, and it doesn't come down to being daft. and every protoss has experienced just barely misplacing the forcefield on the ramp only to allow a flood of units to swoop in. this doesn't make them daft, either, but you see how it's still their fault. unless you want an " auto - fixate " function for forcefields on ramps just to prevent that kind of catastrophe from happening, too? > comparing it too warp prism is also a bit unfair considering you usually just decided to warp in, while an upgrade might have started 100 seconds ago thus making the accident much more problematic. the principle is the exact same. the analogy was meant to depict precisely which : not to say that the warp prism one is worse than the stimpack one, sometimes even as bad. > you are also much less likely to need to lift of barracks during research. sure, but in the instance that you are, the last thing you want is to be cockblocked by a " you must make the upgrade first, " when intuitively it would make sense for the building not doing anything to be able to lift off regardless. > that only ever happens if there is a basetrade while you were still making stim or cs or you're researching conc shells on a proxy rax and they discover it and start shooting at it. mays well fly away now than wait for nothing to happen. > you are much more likely to lift off by mistake then intentionally, like i mentioned previously. if you're more likely to lift off by mistake than on purpose, that's your fault, and you should rebind the key to lift. if you're too impatient to wait until you * know * the upgrade is done rather than trying to time in perfectly and muck up before you switch add - ons, that is again your fault, and you shouldn't play such a daft risk - reward game in the future ( because like you said, this is a 100 + second loss you're taking just would save half a second ). > but i think you are being disingenuous with your argument here, the scenarios are not comparable. yes, they are. driving a bus is not the same as driving a car, but you can see how the principles are extremely similar, and where they align. cancelling warp - ins on a warp prism and cancelling upgrades on a tech lab because you decided to disengage the warp prism or the production building is the exact same principle. one is worse than the other, sure, but that doesn't change the fact that in both situations you're looking at the player's control being the problem, not the game design itself. it's really that simple, i reckon.
------
regarding the son's prehuman existence, john says : " in the beginning the word was, and the word was with god, and the word was a god. " ( joh 1 : 1, nw ) the king james version and the douay version read : " in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was the. " this would make it appear that the word was identical with almighty god, while the former reading, in the new world translation, indicates that the word is not the god, almighty god, but is a mighty one, a god. ( even the ancestors of ancient israel, who exercised great power in the nation, were called " gods. " [ ps 82 : 6 ; joh 10 : 34, 35 ] ) actually, in the greek interpretation, the definite article ho, " the, " appears before the first " god, " but there is no word before the second. other translations aid in getting the proper view. the interlinear word - for - word reading of the greek translation in the emphatic diaglott reads : " in a beginning was the word, and the word was with the god, and a god was the word. " the accompanying text of the diaglott uses capital and second capital letters for the god, and initial capital and lowercase letters for the first appearance of " god " in the bible : " in the beginning was the logos, and the logos was with god, and the logos was god. " these renderings would support the fact that jesus, being the son of god and the one used by god in creating all other things ( col 1 : 15 - 20 ), is indeed a " god, " a mighty one, and has the quality of mightiness, but is not the almighty god. other translations reflect this view. the new english bible says : " and what god was, the word was. " the greek word on " word " is lo'gos ; and so moffatt's translation reads : " the logos was divine. " the american translation reads : " the word was divine. " alternative readings, by german translators, follow. by bohmer : " it was tightly bound up with god, yes, itself of divine being. " by stage : " the word was itself of divine being. " by menge : " and god ( = of divine being ) the word was. " and by thimme : " and god of a sort the word was. " all these renderings highlight the quality of the word, not his identity with his father, the almighty god. being the son of jehovah god, he would have the divine quality, for divine means " godlike. " - - col 2 : 9 ; compare 2pe 1 : 4, where " divine nature " is promised to christ's joint heirs. the four gospels - - a new translation, by professor charles cutler torrey, says : " in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god. when he was in the beginning with god all things were created through him ; without him came no created thing into being. " ( joh 1 : 1 - 3 ) note that what the word is said to be is spelled without a capital initial letter, namely, " god. " this word, or lo'gos, was god's only direct creation, the only - begotten son of god, and evidently the close associate of god to whom god was speaking when he said : " let us make man in our image, according to our likeness. " ( ge 1 : 26 ) hence john continued, saying : " this one was in the beginning with god. all things came into existence through him, and apart from him not even one thing came into existence. " - - joh 1 : 2, 3. other scriptures plainly show that the word was god's agent through whom all other things came into existence. there is " one god the father, out of whom all things are,... and there is one lord, jesus christ, through whom all things are. " ( 1co 8 : 6 ) the word, god's son, was " the beginning of the creation by god, " otherwise described as " the firstborn of all creation ; because by means of him all other things were created in the heavens and upon the earth. " - - re 3 : 14 ; col 1 : 15, 16.
------
> i disagree, within my beliefs, it's a sin that you either struggle with and defeat or you give into it. it's a sin just as viewing pornography and masturbating is a sin and is wrong and i would tell anyone that. that doesn't mean that someone who is addicted to pornography is unable to, at some point, licitly love someone.
that implies that you think a gay person can become straight, which is delusional.
> "even a cursory glance at the effect people who share your beliefs actually have should be enough to turn anyone's stomach." -- this tells me you dislike christians.
then you should pay closer attention. not all christians and bigots and not all bigots are christians.
> do i think there are right and wrong opinions? yes. do i think we should try to silence anyone who we feel is wrong? no. what you are doing is bigoted. what you are saying is closed-minded. the evidence is in the very words you type.
you're being criticized, not persecuted. i promise you there's a difference.
> also, you are taking what i am saying out of context. my belief is in the bible, i believe it is the word of god. in that, it tells anyone who reads it that homosexuality is wrong. that is completely different from someone being against interracial relationships and things of that nature. simple biology tells you that homosexuality is unnatural, that is a completely different argument than if interracial relationships are right or wrong.
i don't care what rationalization you made up in your head to justify your prejudice to yourself.
> what is it exactly that you think my beliefs are? i have simply stated my views on homosexuality yet you know all of my beliefs? please elaborate
is this the part where you think i'm going to describe some kind of westerboro or stephen anderson nonsense and you get to swoop in a cure me of my horrible misunderstanding of your views? i hate to disappoint you but i'm under no such impression.
you think that "homosexual acts" are immoral. you'll distinguish this from thinking that simply "having sex-sex attraction" is wrong; you don't hate the *person*, only their *actions*, which you think are no worse in principle than adultery or masturbation or having sex before marriage. you'll claim to believe this because in your supposed view the only licit expression of sex is within the confines of marriage, which by definition is between one man and one woman because sex must be directed toward unity and procreation, which can only happen between heterosexual couples.
------
actually, i quite disagree with our inability to support the kinds of policies that we see that are similar to western european countries. i think we're fully capable of some of them. when we think about singapore economically, in my view there are two main things we have to consider: the first of which is that our biggest source of revenue is petroleum refinery, and the second of which is that it is truly our people who are our greatest economic asset.
as such the only policy i would agree with you on is that blanket bans on immigration is a *very* bad idea. singapore takes an economically traditional liberal perspective in terms of workers rights and working conditions. when we speak of shorter working hours, it's not that it's not possible, but that we think that the only way to make it happen is to reduce output and quality. i don't quite agree. some forms of production require a set number of hours - think something along the lines of baking bread. you can't rush that. but for other things, especially corporate work, it really depends on the productivity and efficiency of each individual worker. this for me is where communist competition comes in. if you're not competing for favour and wages, you're collaborating on work that needs to be done. i would argue that a system in which workers receive better working conditions and shorter hours which are not as stupidly toxic and cutthroat in the way we see them now, would be much more conducive to effective and efficient work. a supportive work environment would help people feel supported and not alone, and therefore also increase retention, willingness to work, and job fulfilment. this isn't anything revolutionary, it's just management 101 stretched further.
then we get to social security vs lower taxes. this is one or the other, really. personally i'm on the side of social security. how many of us know and ailing grandparent who needs a lot of medical attention and physical, mental, and emotional labour to take care of? how many of us have medical bills every month that aren't small? so on and so forth. there is a huge volume of people who require medical attention, but who don't do it because of the cost. the government subsides a sizeable amount, but it's still fairly expensive, especially on low incomes. let's take another look at our taxes: 25% to cpf, x% for income tax, where x is anywhere between 0 and ~22%. we actually don't have very low taxes. it's entirely possible to fund a social security programme that encompasses healthcare, education, and retirement benefits. i think under those circumstances, raising taxes by an additional 5% is not a crazy idea. but wait, you say. what about housing? well, under the circumstances of not having to pay for healthcare and education, housing becomes a lot more affordable. stack that on top of progressive workplaces, and honestly housing becomes the only real cost you have left besides basic living like food and electricity.
then let's talk about freedom of speech. i hope you realise that a lot of our problems come from the presence of and lack of freedom of speech. it's not a monolithic thing that protects the peace in the country, it's something that is applied unevenly. being unable, for example, to screen movies and media materials that do not showcase homosexuality and transgenderism as inherently negative things raises social stigma and discrimination against already vulnerable populations. being able to get away with the above also means that the cycle of negativity continues. it's not just that some people don't have voices, it's that the people who do aren't policed for the terrible things they do or say. when was the last time we heard of someone being punished for discriminating against a gay person? i haven't. when was the last time we heard of someone being punished for insulting christians? amos yee. the application of the laws, because they assume neutrality, is fundamentally going to be balanced towards those who have more social, political, and economic capital. so if we're not going to protect our vulnerable populations, who will?
so now going back to my two initial points: what are singapore's greatest assets? i think it's in education. i think we need to relook our education system and means of testing, to redefine what it means to have a singaporean education, to train our citizens to think, be critical, be innovative. we can't have that while suppressing freedom of speech. it's also hard to have that while worrying about living concerns. i think we can afford to implement policies that cost money and policies that will change the direction of singapore, because we can't afford not to. the world is changing and we have to secure our place in it, and we're not going to do that by stagnating in these respects. we like making small tweaks, but once in a while having the courage to make the leap is necessary. i think this is necessary because it sets the stage for our further development in the 21st century, because we as a population are getting jaded earlier, exhausted sooner, and more mentally troubled.
------
it's not that using a longbow on horseback is impossible or that there's not any [artistic](<url>) [evidence](<url>) for it, it's just that i don't know of any reference to it in any text. they definitely fought in straight up battles dismounted, and i also doubt that they fought many skirmishes with a bow on horseback. the longbow can't be kept strung for long periods of time without damaging the bow, and stringing the bow on horseback would be difficult with anything but a fairly light - and shortish - hunting bow. any spur of the moment action would thus probably be conducted with a sword and buckler. if the archers were setting up an ambush, they might possibly charge while shooting, but this is only likely if they were the only ones taking part in the ambush. froissart indicates that men-at-arms were the only ones sent out as scouts in the mid-14th century, although he could admittedly be biased and not mention them, but monstrelet speaks of archers and men-at-arms being sent out together on scouting missions, so it would make more sense for the archers to loose while dismounted, allow the men-at-arms to charge and then remount and follow up behind.
again, it's not impossible that mounted archers did shoot their bows from horseback, i just don't see any evidence to it being a common enough practice to be anything but a rare exception.
well, the first thing to consider is that the roads - especially off the beaten track or where no roman roads were present - were often pretty bad, and wagons have their own problems. each might have carried 10-15 men and, with only three or four horses, this might seem like a logistics saving of six or seven, but then you're limited to the speed a wagon can travel and at the mercy of the roads. you can't pull off marches of a 100 miles in 3 days or nearly 90 miles in two with carts, and i don't know how possible it is to move at those speeds while doubled up. if each cavalryman had two horses and rotated them, it might be possible, but then you still have the issue of the extra horses and expense. similarly, some chevauchees of the hyw were in excess of 20 miles per marching day, and might average out at 15-20 miles per day with rest stops factored in. infantry can do these distances, but will be less fresh and, again, can't do the mad dashes sometimes required.
secondly, there are reasons of economy. mounted archers might be paid anywhere between one half to one third of what a basic man-at-arms was paid, and their horses cost at least one fifth that of a man-at-arms' horse. their equipment might be a fifth or even a tenth the cost of a man-at-arms' equipment as well. that means that you can employ more of them for the same overall wages and, since the bar to entry is so low in comparison, you have a much larger pool to recruit from. that's not to say that a mounted archer's equipment was *cheap*, per say, but something around <cur>1.10s is much more affordable than <cur>10-15. the end result is that, while england was never able to muster much more than 3000 men-at-arms for a single campaign, they were able to muster 2000-3000 mounted archers even for very small campaigns and could produce in excess of six thousand of them for larger ones. you could employ even more archers if you dismounted them, but then you lose mobility and have the issue of feeding a much larger army.
finally, with almost all the army mounted, you can ravage a much larger area. foot soldiers can still cause major havoc and were absolutely used for this purpose, but you can simply cover more ground and do more damage. even when armies were only averaging 10 miles per day (including rest days), significant numbers might be traveling two or three times that distance in real terms as they burned large swathes of enemy land. an english army could burn almost every village and settlement within ten miles or so on either side of an advancing column as a result, which was was simultaneously profitable to them, destructive to the enemy and meant that they couldn't retrace their route. later french and burgundian usage relied far less on this tactic, though.
------
i was in some electric restaurant prevalent in the 90s like tgifridays, bennigans, one of those. has garage sale shit on the walls for decor. i was sitting next to a column that had some photo taken of a little girl's portrait from say 1920. i though, "i bet she's dead now. if not, what would she think of her old picture being used by a place like this for mere decor? who buys this stuff? where do you get it from?"
i thought of myself, age 7 or so, at a friend's birthday party. it's at a pool. me, a few friends, we get a group snapshot taken with an old kodak 110. film roll gets developed. a stack of photos are kept in the paper envelope that came in from the drug store that developed them. "steve's 7th birthday party" is written in ballpoint pen on the outside. it is 1975, and the photo shows me grinning while eating a nutty buddy ice cream treat.
1978, the pictures are put in a box that sits in a closet for a few years. steve's dad gets a job far away. they move. steve and i will never see one another again.
1985, the photos are looked at for the last time by steve's mom. two years later, she dies from brain cancer.
1991, steve's dad starts cataloging all the photos. things get rearranged by who's in them, and not very well organized at that. the photo with me in it is considered uninteresting, and filed away in some other box as "extras, my kids." this box gets buried under a lot of stuff in the garage.
1997, after steve's dad's funeral, steve's younger sister angie agrees to go through all the belongings. the house is sold, and while the remaining family take all the choice items, a majority of unsorted belongings are either tossed, donated, or put it a storage unit. the photos are saved, to be sorted at some unspecified time.
2008, angie's second husband is a bit of a flake, and his card gets declined which was paying for the storage unit. the unit goes into default. the unit is broken into by the landlord who sells the lots at auction. an antique hunter by the name of brandon has an unusual fondness for old photos. he buys the lot for pennies. he looks at all the faces, and decides one of the pictures with me in it will be nice to scan, touch up, alter a bit, and put up as stock photos which he gets the royalties to.
2030, brandon dies, and his hoarder house is condemned. everything is trashed and the photo of me is one of the few survivors, having been up on the internet for 22 years. brandon's account is closed, but the photos live on in archives.
2051, i have been dead for many years. but my 7 year old face along with the other kids in the photo ends up in an online archive of sorts, but gets mislabeled as "memories from the 1960s." it is now public domain. an artist uses a scan of the image as part of a monument to humanity that is put on an orbiting space hotel. my face stares at millions of patrons from a lobby for decades.
2185, the hotel is scrapped for parts. the monument is cut up and sold for scrap. my digital scan survives as an "odds and ends" that is used to patch a wall of a building on the lunar surface. no one paints over it because it is not public facing.
2226, during lunar renovations, the panel is seen by human eyes for the first time in decades. a private collector frames it as an interesting dash of faded nostalgia where it hangs in his palace at tycho crater.
2250, during a massive media collaboration, the art piece is cross referenced to the old public domain archive, and is used in some school reference material directly scanned into "shadows," a kind of digital presence where humanity and knowledge are fused in a way that i could never explain in 2018 terms that would make sense. it's almost like a digital organ that connects all consciousness to the human collective. humanity no longer exists primarily as matter, but as extensions of data patterns like a digital dna that can take on many forms as required. the forms that make "eyes" see the scan of the old photo, taken at a friend's birthday party, but has no frame of reference to conceptualize what it meant to be human, made of fragile organic matter, eating a nutty buddy in front of a pool in 1975.
------
> any technique that can take the impact away from suffering can also take the impact out of positive emotions which just leaves you with anhedonic detachment from the world around you. you didnt answer me. i am saying the subject is already free of suffering in each of us and these techniques from the indian traditions are meant to cause what is known as self realisation where the self or subject or consciousness realises itself and the identification of consciousness as an object stops and consciousness knows itself as being free of all emotions good or bad, they still can happen and you can enjoy good and bad experiences because the subject which is you is not affected by them. > life becomes a media show you just observe ; which one might be understood for wanting to turn it off if it's all reruns of two and a half men. if you just observe you cant trun anything of, any turning on or of is just observed. for example i enjoy many things in life, the enjoyment and the body enjoying it is what i observe, it does not mean the enjoyment is any less real than before when i thought i was the doer. > you need better understand that if you try to help people while lacking the motivation to do so, you are trying to hurt people. your ignorance of this is coming from the inside, and this is why it can be released. i only tell pain is a possibility, i have not told anyone do this or do that or dont do this or dont do that. i have only given descriptions. i am not a teacher but there are people who are and they can teach you if they deem you evil. > don'e hurt people ; don't be evil. i will say that evil is concept and not an existing reality but i dont cause consciosuly suffering to others. there is no way to live by hurting people in this life because what you think is right and good and correct someone else can be hurt by it. for example someone who attempted to kill themselves feels you caused them suffering if you go and rescue them, because to them the suffering was too much and they tried to stop it by eliminating what was causing it. > if pain is just a thing to be observed, then so to is a sense of purpose or meaning in life. life becomes a tv show you just observe ; which one might be understood for wanting to turn it off if it's all reruns of two and a half men. yes , meaning is not only observed but is also subjectively projected, its not really there. you make it up. when you were born there was no meaning to your existence from your point of view but from your parents point of view there was. that view of purpose you got from your parents and society, it is not an exitential reality. you are identified as the one who wants if you want to turn it off, observing consciousness does not want because all wants are observed by it. and everything is happening by itself and there is no choice. so the question of but if you realise you are the observing consciousness you might get depressed does not arise because the observing consciousness is not a doer, it doesnt do. and everything that it observes simply happens so there is no place for a doer to exist in. there is the act of doing, i was working today and i did stuff and now i am home writing this but that is simply happening and i observe it happening.
------
"i think it's also important to define how we'll be using the term "abortion." i define an abortion (for this conversation) as the intentional termination of a pregnancy through chemical or surgical means." i would add before it can survive outside the uterus .
> i'd be curious what right isn't a man-made choice but this is a red herring and also completely irrelevant.
i have made a mistake is not "undeniable " is inalienable rigths ,english is not my first language
"definition of inalienable rights
**noun**
1. rights that are not alienable
2. rights that are not transferable or capable of being taken away or nullified
[<url>](<url>)"
like the rigth to think freely nobody can stop you from doing it and you do not depend on an outside force to do it (pill,tool ,medical expert e.t.c) ,which completely different in the case of abortion ,because a pregnant woman cannot do it on her own ,she can give birth on her own but not abort.
thats what i mean with man made "rigth". im not trying to chance the subject with a "red herring"
> you're equating legality with morality (it's amusing that you mention this right before talking about the worth of a person of color). the idea that the government can write a law that states that if you do not abort before the 25th week of pregnancy you no longer have the option and are subsequently reduced to a human incubator doesn't mean i agree with it. two, you're negating that the vast majority of abortions have already been determined as the option before the 25th week. there's no mass movement of women over 25wks pregnant demanding abortions.
\-legality and morlity are influence each other ,they are also subjective ,it was the morality of one group that made law of slavery and then the morality of another group abolished that law.i dont say law and morals are the same thing but influence each other greatly.
\-goverment is quite important in the case of abortion,it fully or partially funds abortion ,and as there's no mass movement of women over 25wks pregnant demanding abortions ,there is also not a mass movement looking to stop government funding abortion and make it totally private.
\-women are not reduced to be incubators !,they are born that way all female mammals are ,all women have the capacity of being incubators for human beings. it wasnt the government that made them this way ,evolution has led to this ,their hole reprudctive system has a purpose of getting genetic material for a new human being.
evolution has not led to a capacity for the female to stop a pregnancy of her own.
> "irrelevant to the context. even if we grant a fetus every right afforded to you or i, that still doesn't give it the right to use the body of another against that person's will in order to survive. "
>
> "body integrity, i do not think that means what you think that means. it's the bodily integrity of the woman that's being violated, not the fetus. it is the body of the woman that's being used to sustain the life of another, not the fetus. i noticed that this concept has been explained to you multiple times in other comments but for some reason it's still not clicking. "
\-i think the example of slavery does have relation ,slaves didnt have their rigth to "bodily integrity" even duh they had a body and then with progress this rigth and many more were recognized to them.
\-i do understand what is body integrity ,the disagreement is wheter the baby in womb should have recognition of its body integrity.the baby is not violating the body of the woman ,the baby comes from the woman both from her genetic material and her choices ,like having sex.
the baby is a consequences of the nature of the woman,of the sexual organs that all women have ,the baby didnt make a choice.the baby fits all the requirements for "bodily integrity",the goverments accept this but only after the 25th week.
the process of conception of human beings ,comes from evolution if women dont wanna have babies they have many choices(at least in western countries) or they can create a new religion and blame the fact on the devil :)
------
maybe i can shed some light on this, especially since i'm stationed in hawaii.
all branches talk shit. i have friends and brothers in different branches and different moss but we all talk mad shit. it just comes with the territory. where people cross the line, however, is when they start talking shit based on stories they never experienced. for example: i hate tracks, as you've seen, and i can relay my stories of misery and woe to my navy friends and they will shoot back with being trapped on a ship (did that once, i don't know how they do it for months at a time) but i gotta know when i'm out of my depth because as bad as it ever was for me, i've never been shot at or blown up. so when my saltier friends come down and tell me it could be worse, regardless of their branch or mos i gotta respect that.
as for being stationed in hawaii. no two ways about it, that shit sucks. i know what you're thinking -- it's hawaii! let me try to illustrate my duty station.
we are not allowed to leave our island without special requested that are totally and arbitrarily at the discretion of people much higher up the chain of command. our op tempo is 12 months in garrison, six months deployed, repeat. our marines barely have time or opportunities to attend their advanced schools to become more proficient in their mos and be better leaders and more effective in their roles. you get pre-deployment leave, post-deployment leave, and christmas leave but if christmas coincides with pre- or post-deployment you're going to spend 11 months on island without seeing home and when you can go home you're spending <cur>1000 - <cur>1300 to get back to the east coast (in my case, at least.)
during your work up you can't do any real or meaningful training on island so instead you're going to do busy work bullshit that doesn't really benefit anyone except the new lts that need to get up to speed on how to be grunts. then you'll leave the island for months at a time to live in the field because it takes a lot of time and effort to transport and entire battalion for training.
then you deploy to okinawa and the surrounding area to train some more. you're training all year to go and train in another country for six months to come back, get a boot drop, and start all over again. so we end up having one of the highest op-tempos in the marine corps with no real tangible goal, at least not the the lance corporal level. it feels like training to train.
then you get the assholes that exist in every unit that go out and get in fights with the locals (who hate us) or drive drunk so now the whole company is getting punished and the tiny amount of freedom you had is gone. it's not like you can get in your car and drive out of town for the weekend to get away from it all, you're stuck on this tiny, cramped island where a gallon of milk costs <cur>7.
guys talk shit for any number of reasons but hawaii marines talk shit because it just sucks to live there and at the end of you're enlistment you're burnt out with nothing to show for it.
------
i'm a former financial auditor who used to run a pharma company so i have a bit of a different perspective. stealing from an old post of mine that i saved : < url > > [ drug patents only last for 20 years from the date a patent was filed. exclusivity periods are even shorter than that but if a company releases a competing drug before the patent has expired they will earn royalties. ] ( < quote > ) > because this development is so incredibly expensive ( [ estimated at < cur > 2. 6 billion for a successful drug, as of a 2014 study ] ( < url > ) ), drug companies need to file their patents very early in the process. [ this is a problem because drug creation takes 12 years on average ] ( < url > ). so, over the course of a decade a pharmaceutical company needs to commit up to ~ < cur > 2. 5 billion in development costs on a drug that might not even be successful, and then it only has 8 years to recoup those costs and actually make a profit ( which they are obligated to earn in accordance with legal requirements ) by building a brand from scratch. thus, because they have such a small window to recoup their investment, they need to incur massive sales and marketing costs just to ensure that their new drug can even be competitive in the short time frame it can be sold before facing generic competition. > meanwhile, even though patents last for 20 years, a pharmaceutical company realistically only has a few years of exclusivity before another company will challenge their patent. these patent challenges typically result in a settlement in which the challenger receives the right to produce a competitor before the exclusivity period or patent has expired for established royalty charges ( but sometimes no royalty at all ). so now the drug company that funded this development has even less time to recoup its investment. > that's why you see its complex drug pricing - pharmaceutical companies incur a significant risk and have a very limited window with which to see a return. there is ample room to still develop safe drugs without the requiring so many hurdles that it takes 12 + years to develop. alternatively, patent life could be extended to ensure pharmaceutical companies have more time to recoup their costs - thus they could justify lower pricing ( but spread out over a longer period of time ). > as far as why they " happily accept much lower prices from national healthcare systems ", that also relates to the points i've stated above. they have a very limited window with which to make a return on their very significant investment. during that time, they're better off taking whatever they can get and " less money from socialist countries " is better than " no money from socialist countries " in an industry where most of the drug's costs have already been incurred by that point. the end result is that countries like america end up having to pick up the slack and get charged more. trust me on this, if america went to a single - payer system, you would see the leverage of all of these other socialist countries immediately eroded and they would be forced to pay significantly more. one other point i will add to this is that the " big pharma " companies are shifting toward an acquisition approach for r & d versus in - house r & d to offset the risk of failed development. thus a lot of r & d spend is now borne by small pharmaceutical companies hoping to hit the jackpot with a blockbuster product that they can then sell, at a premium, to a large pharmaceutical company that has the infrastructure and expertise to sell the product. big pharma companies get an almost " sure thing " to sell without bearing much of the r & d risk and small pharma companies get rewarded for innovation. however, because of this approach the big pharma companies'financials will show significantly less r & d expense because that expense is now classified as business development.
------
this just happened last week. i got home from working out of line thursday night and my wife warns me that there is a problem with my 7 year olds daughter. " beth " comes in and i can see that she suffers a few bug bites on her face and and one of her eyelids is a little droopy. she feels fine though. i am off work the next day and my wife is going to the office. i wake beth up for breakfast and her eye is now much worse. it is more than half closed and a little red. she still feels fine. as soon as the doctor opens, i call them and they tell us to come in. we get there and i go to check in. the receptionist that i have never seen looks at the daughter and says " oh. my goodness, what happened? " when i respond as a joke " eh, she got out of line ". i know! it's horrible. i'm sorry! i have a weird sense of humor and i'm a bit socially awkward. anyway, we all smile and giggle before we head to the waiting area. soon we get called in. her checkup goes as expected. it's a reaction to the bug bites and he tells me to use some over the counter zyrtec or benadryl. then there is a knock on the door and the doctor steps out. he comes back in a few minutes later and says that the police would like to talk to me. the doctor is angry. we all head to the doctor's office to talk. there is a policeman and a policewoman. the policewoman starts making small talk with my daughter and asks if she wants to go into the other room and read a book. my daughter has an irrational fear of the police from when her older brother would threaten to call them whenever he went inside his room. so she says no and buries her face in my side. the police then tell me that it is better that she is in another room. i saw one of beth's cheer coaches bring her son in soon after we got there and mention that she may still be there to watch her. the doctor, still visibly angry goes to check and she is so beth goes to sit with her in the waiting room. the police explain that they have a report of possible child abuse. the doctor explains that this was a simple misunderstanding. he just examined my daughter and there is no abuse. i now realize that it is the receptionist that he is angry with. she makes an excuse and leaves the room. he says that he thinks he has to let her go. he says this is the second incident in 2 weeks. he says that her bad judgement got his practice and the entire executive park closed for 4 hours last week and his neighbors now hate him. the police are apologetic but say they need to do a full investigation and ask if i can come to the station. a friend comes to pick up my daughter who is freaking out at this point. we get to the station ( they allow me to drive there myself ) and my uncle who is a lawyer meets me there. the police are apologetic and say they already know what happened but a full investigation and report need to be done. they say it is a minimum of 3 - 5 days, maybe longer. i call my wife who goes ballistic. the county attorney says that they normally seek restraining orders in these cases, but if i sign an agreement to stay away from my daughter until the investigation is closed they would not seek one. my uncle recommends this as the restraining order would be public record. i stay at my brothers for the weekend and schedule an out of town trip that i really don't need to make for this week. i can't wait to get home to see my family and sleep in my own bed but i'm pretty sure my wife will have me on the couch for a little while. tl / dr : made a bad joke, got investigated for hitting my kid, lost the right to see her. sitting in a hotel room on a useless business trip. edit : spelling edit 2 : update thank you for the gold kind strangers. wow this blew up. i wanted to answer some of the questions that you guys had. i want to thank all of you guys for the kind words and support. for those of you saying that i am an idiot, you are probably right. 1 ) i will not be sleeping on the couch. my wife got over this fairly quickly and is no longer angry. at least not at me. 2 ) i am heading home from boston tomorrow evening and i think everything should be resolved by then. 3 ) i will not be taking legal action against the receptionist. she was very young did not do this out of animosity. i do not know what if anything will happen to her job. i am not pushing for her to lose it. 4 ) the other story about the receptionist goes like this ( as told to me by the doctor ). a few weeks ago the lights in the parking lot of the executive park blew and the landlord had trouble getting them fixed so he rented temporary light stanchions for the businesses that are open past sundown until they could figure out the problem. these lights apparently ran on gas or diesel. the receptionist came back from lunch one day and smelled something so she called the state's department of environmental protection to say that she believed that there was a fuel leak. the dep closed the parking lot for the rest of the day for " clean up ". it turned out to be nothing.
------
> and there are many american jews : just go check shapiro's daily wire, a pro - mra site for due process issues. shapiro's not pro - mra. he's just another far right quack. he also advocates war crimes against palestinian civilians. > why does intactivism talk attract allegations of anti - semitism? because some jews have a bad habit of screaming " anti - semitism " to deflect negative press. it's a pathetic weasel technique similar to feminists yelling " misogyny! " for every " study " claiming " health benefits " there are about five hundred proving the claim : 1 : women prefer artificial penises. and elsewhere you can find men do as well! source : < url > < url > 2 : masturbation feels better. source : < url > 3 : circumcision often reduces sensitivity. source : < url > < url > 4 : despite the reduced sensitivity, there is no change to lasting longer during sex. source : < url > 5 : the men have a more difficult time fapping. source : < url > which was the reason it was promoted in the usa in the first place. < url > 6 : circumcision increases risk of erectile dysfunctions. < url > abstract | 7 : if too much skin is removed in circumcision, it can make the penis smaller since the dong needs some skin to expand during an erection : < url > < url > 8 : circumcision does not lower the risk of aids. < url > 9 : circumcision is more hygienic. who the heck doesn't change their penis? it's a three second job you do when you shower so this is not a valid argument. women produce 10 times as much smegma as men - so it's ok to amputate an infant girls'labia lips so she doesn't have to wash them?? 10 : circumcised foreskin sold to cosmetic manufacturers for profit : < url > 11 : erectile dysfunction 4. 5 times more likely to occur if you're circumcised < url > etc 12 : stanford's school of medicine list of circumcision complications ( including infection, haemorraging, skin - bridging, phimosis, amputation and death ) : < ur ##l > 13 : cut infants get long - term changes in pain response from the trauma of being circumcised < url > 14 : circumcision decreases penile sensitivity < url > 15 : circumcision associated with sexual difficulties < url > 16 : circumcision linked to alexithymia < url > 17 : the exaggeration of the benefits of circumcision in regards to hiv / aids transmission < url > 18 : circumcision / hiv claims are based on insufficient evidence < url > 19 : there is no case for the widespread implementation of circumcision as a preventative measure to stop transmission of aids / hiv < url > 20 : circumcision decreases sexual pleasure < url > 21 : circumcision decreases efficiency of nerve response in the glans of the penis < url > 22 : circumcision policy is influenced by psychosocial factors rather than alleged health benefits < url > 23 : circumcision linked to pain, trauma, and psychosexual sequelae < url > 24 : circumcision results in significant loss of erogenous tissue < url > 25 : circumcision has negligible benefit < url > 26 : neonatal circumcision linked to pain and trauma < url > 27 : circumcision may lead to need for increased care and medical attention in the first 3 years of life < url > 28 : circumcision linked to psychological trauma < url > 29 : circumcision may lead to abnormal brain development and subsequent deviations in behaviour < url > 30 : conclusions : this study confirms the importance of the foreskin for penile sensitivity, overall sexual satisfaction, and penile functioning : furthermore, this study shows that a higher percentage of circumcised men experience discomfort or pain and unusual sensations as compared with the uncircumcised population. < url > 31 : conclusions : circumcision was associated with frequent orgasm difficulties in danish men and with a range of frequent sexual difficulties in women, notably orgasm difficulties, dyspareunia and a sense of incomplete sexual needs fulfilment. < url > 32 : conclusion : there was a decrease in masturbatory pleasure and sexual enjoyment after circumcision, indicating that adult circumcision adversely affects sexual function in many men, possibly because of complications of the surgery and a loss of nerve endings. < url > 33 : conclusions : the glans of the circumcised penis is less sensitive to fine touch than the glans of the uncircumcised penis. the transitional region from the external to the internal prepuce is the most sensitive region of the uncircumcised penis and more sensitive than the most sensitive region of the circumcised penis. circumcision ablates the most sensitive parts of the penis. < url > 34 : conclusions : our study provides population - based epidemiological evidence that circumcision removes the natural protection against meatal stenosis and, possibly, other usds as well. this results in difficulties with normal urination. < url > ) 30179 - 2 / abstract the barbaric ritual you support * will * be outlawed. it's only a question of when. < url >
------
during wod you could spam ashran all day and then get a full set of gear from honor, but it still wasn't the best gear since it was inferior to both rated pvp gear and pve gear. the only thing was that you could get it fast, and it was entry level gear for the current patch, so towards the end of the expansion it was the best thing to do for fresh alts.
first off, this was only really possible because of ashran, and took longer to accomplish through bgs. with ashran not being in the game anymore, it's less of an issue. but even then, you had to put the time and work in to farm it, i didn't really see a problem with that since you would have to literally play all day in order to farm every piece of gear for a character assuming you were winning, otherwise it would take longer. once this was done, you could then move on to do arenas/current pve content to actually begin gearing properly.
but it served as a very good catchup mechanic to get alts geared. not in the best gear, but decent gear that you wouldn't be so far behind. blizzard apparently thought this was a problem, but in reality that doesn't make sense, because they already implement catchup mechanics for getting alts geared decently quickly. the removed this gearing option through pvp for legion, but then introduced another mechanic to get alts geared quickly. in legion you could buy things on your main and send them to your alts to get geared immediately, so long as you farmed the currency for them on your main.
this was in reality worse as you could be geared the second you hit max level on your alt. at least with the gearing through pvp in wod, you had to use that character and earn that gear.
i suppose the issue is that people who didn't like pvp found it to be easier in wod to catch up on gear on alts though pvp since they could afk and let others do the work. but then they turned around and complained that they have to do pvp (a form of gameplay they don't want to participate in) in order to gear that quickly (despite there being ways for them to gear through pve, they just found it quicker and lazier to do it through pvp).
but even that argument makes no sense, as pvp players now have no way to reasonably farm gear, and are forced to do pve for it even if they don't enjoy pve. before, you could gear through both pve or pvp and players had the choice to gear either way they wanted. but because some people said "i don't enjoy doing the thing that i am choosing to do", blizzard removed that choice and forces us all to pve.
so blizz removed the ability to farm gear quickly through pvp because they didn't want pve players to feel like they had to do pvp (they didn't have to, they had their own ways to gear, they just chose to).
but blizz has no problem forcing pvp players to do pve to gear, even if they don't enjoy that type of gameplay. despite saying it's unfair to one side, they still force the other side to play in the game type they don't enjoy.
but if i had a way to reliably gear out my alts through pvp with decent gear like we could in wod, it would make me play all of my alts way more, and i would actually stay subscribed longer.
------
he was trying to kill her, as seen in infinity countdown, captain marvel's tie-in one shot. he assaulted her. she reacted in self-defense to a weapon designed to kill her. in my eyes, in this current climate, where woman are unjustly disproprotionately blamed for either defending or not defending themselves from violent acts of assault, such as sexual assault, i do not blame carol, herself a survivor of rape, for defending herself from a man armed with, again, a suit that looks like her dead boyfriend armed with weapons meant to kill her.
i do not recall carol ever saying she had the right to do that. i recall her ending the interrogation as soon as she asked for a lawyer though. carol did insist on finding evidence, quickly, before her time was obviously up. clearly she was acting within the frame of the law. nothing she did was illegal. breaking a suspected terrorist out of prison and then assaulting a government building with an army of super powered individual is illegal though. as is kidnapping and torture, both crimes tony stark committed in issue two, but everyone ignores that and blames carol for killing rhodey and tries to justify that stark is right to be angry. i have even seen some people suggest he should've just killed ulysses, and given how he's acting during the triskelion fight, i find it hard to believe that isn't his plan.
i never had a hard time supporting carol. because a) i knew a railroad job when i saw it and bendis was doing just that, poorly i might add. and b) stark, in every concievable way, was far worse. as you yourself admit, she is more than within the confines of the law in how she conducts all of her investigations. meanwhile, stark manipulates facts, lies about what profiling is, commits several crimes he is never prosecuted for, spreads conspiracy theories and libelous accusations at carol, conducts an incredibly biased experiment with a non-consenting subject which he tortures (amnesty international defines torture as the threat of violence as well as actual violence), assaults the leader of sovereign nation after violating their international border, commits terrorism, obstruction and later assault with intent to murder.
again, i find carol was more than right in defending herself from a man who was trying to kill her, so again, stark's actions are all the impetus for how bad this situation got... and he still refuses to apologize for them or face any kind of punishment.
i never bought the portrayal, because it was so obviously hamfisted, forced and screaming of designated villain. carol's actions are not that of a dictator and they aren't even analagous to minority report. ulysses is not some drugged out space cadet. he is a willing, concious and completely consenting individual trying to do what he can to use his power for good. but i suppose he should never have reported all the bad things he saw because it upsets the futurists and his future worship, which isn't even what that is. but whatever, stark. next time someone reports a potential school shooter to you, just ignore him, cause futurism futurist future-dom. can't do nothing about no guns, right?
there is no direct effor to address the real issues at hand, because bendis fails to understand the very concept he's bringing up. phillip k. dick's original story ends with pre-crime being upheld and the protagonist committing the murder he was predicted to make in order to save it and stop a worse conspiracy. that is compelling, but when marvel decides to do it they try to strip away all questions and nuance and just try to paint carol's side as bad.
let's make this very simple. jason aaron could win a million points with me right now if he had carol inform these idiots that if they had listened to her for two more seconds, she could've prevented secret empire entirely if they just let her investigate the vision involving miles morales. i find it hard to believe they could argue that point.
carol did nothing wrong, she owes stark no apology for defending herself against an assault he intiated, he should apologize but at the very least t'challa is in charge and not that fucking rich boy. the idea of carol taking orders from her attempted murderer is appauling to me. especially one as unrepetant as stark is. the sooner everyone gets off this danvers hate train the better, but i'll still be here to correct every bs assumption made by fans with a chip on their shoulders.
additionally, i think jennifer's reaction to her cousin in immortal hulk proves she does not blame carol for what happened to him, but blames the guy that convinced his friend to murder him should the need arise. because that's what happened. so, i don't know, maybe people should get off carol's case on that point too.
and hey, now that tony is helping carol take down bruce in the same issue, maybe we can just scratch that whole bs event as resolved. especially when another hero's life is at stake.
the fact of the matter is, tony stark exaserbated the situation with unfounded unscientific bullshit and conspiratorial accusations with no basis in fact. there were a million peaceful solutions, he chose none of them while all carol did was try to figure this out like an adult within the confines of the law. not by kidnapping and torturing a university student. which by the by, should've turned kamala against stark instantly, because that's the kind of shit the american government does to muslims they don't like for whatever reason. why anyone would continue to follow him after that is beyond me. the rest of the series should've featured tony stark in an attilan cell and his subsequent trial.
------
> hosea and amos were not around during the supposed exodus, so they'd be drawing upon oral tradition. oral tradition evolves and incorporates multiple civilizations mythic and contemporary events. their claims could also easily have been altered or changed slowly during the 15 yrs years supposed telling and writing, adding even more room of inaccuracies. absolutely the story was oral at this point. and certainly what you said is possible. but they don't go into great detail. i totally get your point if those prophets had said " the 7th plague in x ", but they don't. they simply state, as a matter of fact, israel's origin. it isn'f mentioned from any other reason than the remind the people where they came from. i get how additional details can be built up from hundreds of years, i do. but what it does show is that the origin story was orally in circulation quite early. in fact, the first writings of the israelites that we have that have survived mention it. i should clarify my position, too. by saying these sources attest to the exodus, i'm not saying they prove the specifics. i'm simply saying that they attest to the bare facts of the story : israelite ( / canaan ) slaves were brought up from egypt by their god. i'm not here trying to defend the death of the firstborn or the red sea splitting. > isaiah is even later and only mentions it once in passing. he is later, but not too far behind the other two. and you're right : it is mentioned in passing. that's great for me! it means isaiah is not establishing a new story, but presenting an idea that his hearers would have been well familiar with. so we can safely say if the exodus story is firmly established in judah at his time, too. > no evidence is consistent with the archeological evidence accepted by most experts in the respective fields. what do you mean by this? > the evidence you've described is clearly not good evidence and only includes people within the religion repeating oral tradition with little or no basis in fact with regard to egypt. " clearly not good evidence " of what? the specifics? i agree. the core story? i think it's decent enough evidence. i think the above does a good enough job at refuting the idea that the exodus story is a very late creation in israel's history. i have heard floating around the idea that because the torah is composite and seems to have undergone some editing up until the exile that this means the stories were just invented on the spot. that might not be your position ( i don't know what your position is, actually, could you state it? ) but it is one that i think doesn't stand up to the evidence. you're right, though, that i cannot prove that moses crossed the red sea.
------
> bf3 has far less guns but each gun feels way more unique compared to how bf4's guns felt compared to each other.
but that isn't exactly telling the whole story.
picture you have a line with bf3's guns listed on them, with different sections of the line going through the different weapon classes. if you overlayed bf4's weapons onto this line, you would see a lot more guns, and a lot of the guns would fall in between the bf3 guns' positions on the line.
basically, a lot of the bf4 guns play similarly to at least one, but even two or three of the other ones in it's class. that being said, the extra ones allow more granular choice in your loadouts. you still cover the same bases as bf3, but you have even more choice depending on exactly how you like your guns to perform, and also how they look, because to a lot of people, that does matter (i personally like using a gun that looks aesthetically pleasing to me). add on the robust attachment system, and now you really have the ability to tailor your guns to your exact desired specs.
i just don't see how that is a bad thing. more choices are better. sure they could have done a better job on making sure that certain weapons and attachments were more viable, as there definitely were "best in class" weapons and "niche/underused" weapons, but that isn't a problem with the number of weapons per say, it just means they need to spend a bit more time tweaking the numbers once they get data from players about their most used/least used weapons and attachments.
that being said, even if they didn't do that and there existed some weapons and attachments that are niche, enjoyed by a smaller portion of the playerbase, why is that a bad thing? why would you ever want less weapons when there are people in the community enjoying the choice? it just makes no sense to me. in another comment i likened it to someone playing pokemon, and complaining about there being too many moves that are only used in niche builds because they only use the most iconic and powerful moves of every type.
also, having them instead of something else unique is probably a dev time restraint thing. easier to iterate and make a slightly different gun with the same base archetype and a new model than trying to make an extremely unique new gun. look at smash bros ultimate's echo characters or the old games' clone characters as another genre's example of that. it's a way of making more content fast, that allows for variety without taking too much dev time. i like the idea a lot. it's better than not getting a variety, which is what happened in bf1 and made it grow stale much faster for me and a bunch of others, from what i've heard here and in other subs.
tl;dr - bf4 has guns that perform uniquely like bf3, but then it also has a bunch of guns in between those, that aren't as drastic of a change compared to the "bf3 archetypes", but allow of more granular control over loadouts and more aesthetic choice for the player as well.
------
i was hired by bloomage, the chinese company working with the nhl for the china series, to be a team host for the calgary flames. basically, my job was to travel with the team, make sure their transportation was organized, and translate for them if needed. i had an amazing time with the team and i thought i would share my experiences with / r / hockey. one of the most memorable stories from the trip came post - game in shenzhen. after the game, the players all boarded a bus headed towards the airport to catch a flight to beijing. however, in the underground parking lot of the arena, things took a rough start. on the first turn in what can only be described as a labyrinth of a parking structure, our delightful bus driver rammed his right - side rearview mirror directly into two air conditioning units, shaking the entire bus as sparks flew outside the windows. the rearview mirror was [ bent completely out of position ] ( < url > ), causing it to block our bus door from the only way to exit the bus. of the driver's best efforts to open the door from directly inside, it would not budge. eventually, it caught the attention of the other buses with [ gmbt trying to dislodge the mirror ] ( < url > ) but unfortunately cutting his hand in the process. finally, another driver managed to pull the mirror back into a somewhat acceptable position, amidst the typhoon of chirps coming from the players on the bus. we decided then just to drive to the airport with one and a half rearview mirrors in line to make our flight. hilarity, stress, and sheer astonishment rolled into one unique experience. > " you can't make this up " - matthew tkachuk. ( tldr ; bus driver ran into an air conditioning unit in shenzhen, rearview mirror trapped us all in the bus ). another great experience was undoubtedly going to the great wall with the team. all the players immediately having brashly purchased many hilarious souvenirs upon entering this area, becoming colorfully adorned in [ military / panda ] ( < url > ) / [ straw hats ] ( < url > ), and [ kimonos ] ( < url > ). best event of the day was riding down the toboggan [ behind johnny ] ( < url > ) and [ in front of jankowski and bennett ] ( < url > ). johnny kept braking so i would crash into him and subsequently be crushed by the big boys behind me. i counted three people in total who completely wiped out and fell off their sleds. it was a blast. finally, i was also [ interviewed by flamestv ] ( < url > ), for which i was brutally unprepared for but i tried my best. the team and staff were absolutely amazing to me, treated me with the utmost hospitality, and allowed me to feel welcome and included during my interactions with the team. i have gained a lot of respect towards the calgary flames organization, and i wish them the best of luck in the upcoming season. feel free to ask any questions about my work experience! i was also working closely with the team hosts for the boston bruins as well so i can answer any china games related questions. p. s. james neal is an absolute beauty. edit : formatting
------
so basically as the title suggests i have been feeling like an enemy of my girlfriend because of things working out for me. i'll preface this by some background info before i get in to the real situation that happened. so my girlfriend and i are in the same class at university, this means that we do the exact same thing for school and has the same assignments. while i have always been more laidback and (sort of) lazy, generally because things tend to be fine, so i dont see the point of stressing about everything. she however is very ambitious regarding her studies and i respect that about her and sometimes wish i was more like her in that regard. she almost always gets high grades while i am more of a b student, which i think is fair for the time we respectively invest into school.
so we started a new semester this fall and it has left a lot of room for the study groups to decide how much time they wanna spend at campus and on weekly assignments. more group ended up being more lax than hers. for example: we spent about 2 hours on an assignment her group spent 7 on and her group spends atleast a couple of hours on campus everyday while mine often decides that we can work from home/take the day off because we don't feel the need to be there everyday.
during the semester she has poked me a few times with comments like: "your group is a bit of a slacker group arent you?" "you guys are lazy, are you doing everything properly". you catch the drift, and while i can see what she means i don't think the comments have any merit regarding the quality of our project so i just shrugged it off until today.
today we had a fun day windowshopping and getting pastry from a local bakery, or so i thought. she however decided to broach the subject again but this time she all this things but also said "it must be so easy going to university, huh" "do you think your parents would like it if they knew how little time you spend on studies?" and it just rubbed me the wrong way really badly so i took the bait and engaged with indifference saying stuff like "we'll see what happens at the exam" hinting that all the hours they spent maybe didnt have the impact they thought. she went on to say things like "i think im so much better than everyone else". and i got to thinking why does she care so much? she wouldnt give me a clear answer other than what other people were thinking of us "slacking"
and i remembered she had the same reaction when i made some money on cryptocurrencies, she told me i really didnt do anything so i dont deserve the money. and i dont know why she has this attitude towards things working out for me when i dont put as much "effort" into things as she does. she has the grades to prove she does more than me so why does she need this? please i need some input from you guys.
tl;dr girlfriend seems to resent me and start fights because she thinks i come by things too easily, what could be happening?
------
this is an interesting conversation. thanks for those points. i believe strongly in communism ( essentially ) at the family / neighborhood level ( since it's the natural state of order for the family animal at those levels ), but at the state level ( which has no " natural " state of order ; g. e. evolution hasn't prepared us for it ) i think i might, personally, be ready to throw the baby out with the bathwater. having recently read marx's communist manifesto again, and with fresh eyes it just seems so clear that teaching people to think in terms of freedom struggle, while having the good intention of preventing oppression, has negative meanings in terms of respect for the sovereignty of the individual ( which obviously have led to human rights violations time and time again throughout the history of communism ). when people say, " well i read marx and didn't feel myself going through that slippery slope, " or want to remind them that that's only because they've already been deeply indoctrinated by another, better, system of morality - - when you give marx to people who haven't, that's when you get atrocities. i'd prefer to teach people to think in terms of absolute respect for the rights of the individual, and then further teach that not exploiting people ( whether they're of a certain class or not ) is * therefore * not okay. it just doesn't seem to me that we require a completely new rubric of human moral imagination to replace the one we came up with during greek enlightenment ( and also in ancient greece, and in other places too, i'm sure ). it's not clear to me that our moral failings as a rule are due to the current rubric not being good enough. now i devolve into things i don't know enough of the specifics on to discuss seriously, but i'll throw some ideas out there in case you're bored at work like i am and it might give you an interesting thought or two : as for chinese foreign policy, i'm no expert ( nor am i really caught up on modern literature on the subject ), but i can see that it's very clever in that it maximally leverages the principals of complex interdependence outlined by keohane and nye. the belt and road initiative is definitely beating us at our own game. western powers don't win most of their " wars " through violence, either, they win them through things like debt - slavery via the world bank, which is what china seems to me to be doing now in the developing world, but at an even faster rate and under less regulation than we are, so i imagine it's even more exploitative, but that's just a guess since, as i said, i'm not really up to date on the specifics. it would be interesting to look into the concrete effects of the bri and compare them to western efforts of a similar nature ( economic development, not military ) in the developing world. let me know if you have any interesting sources on this! it's definitely an interesting experiment going on right now. obviously life in china now is totally different than during the first decades of the revolution, so there have clearly been factors able to moderate the worst of what tends to happen in communist states. part of it seems to be switching to an economic model much more closely resembling market capitalism, if much more tightly controlled. that capitalist influence was able to grow the middle class, whose presence probably was a large factor in moderating china's most totalitarian policies. what will be an interesting lesson for the west, especially to the most staunch free - market libertarians, will be seeing that markets, similar to our own, don't necessarily run better under democracy. they may, in fact, be even * more * profitable under authoritarian regimes. i think it was slavoj zizek who noticed that.
------
x post from relationships
i went to college for computer engineering, and got a job in the industry afterwards. in college, my internships, and my job, i've dealt with sexual harassment and i've had to get tough with people, telling them to stay the fuck away when i get the first whiff of sketchiness.
every time i've gotten a creepy text or instant message from another student or co worker, i've screenshotted it and backed it up in google drive just in case it escalates. that's helped me a few times, when someone started to follow me around in college, and when someone took things so far at work that i decided to go to hr. i don't report most of the shit though, i don't want it to look bad like i'm always running to hr.
last night, i got really drunk with my friend because i had a day off planned for today. i went home in a kinda bad mood because we'd been talking about how she was going through similar shit at work. i was in a "fuck it all" mood, and i uploaded my whole folder of screenshotted text messages to facebook and instagram, with the caption "phone & inbox of a female computer engineer." and tagged all the men who had sent me messages, whose social media i could find.
some of the highlights were...
a bunch of married men hitting on me, and me replying "dude you're married" or something along those lines.
some guys asking me out and then taking rejection badly.
some guys who would text me repeatedly even though i'd just replied "don't contact me, other than for work purposes"
sexually explicit messages, or messages commenting on my appearance out of the blue.
overall, just messages from people ignoring my wishes to be left alone.
this morning, i woke up to my phone blowing up. (i had planned to take a vacation day off work today). a lot of the guys i'd tagged in my social media posts had contacted me demanding or pleading that i remove the posts. most everyone had untagged themselves.
the facebook post had gotten some attention from my friends, but my two instagram posts (i had to make 2 to fit all the photos) had blown up. i had a lot of new followers, a lot of strangers commenting on my post, mostly supportive.
i also had a email from hr at work asking me to meet with them first thing monday morning. i replied to say that i would. i don't know what to expect there at all. i have not replied to any other messages about my posts.
i need some advice. should i speak to the guys who texted me about the posts? some are very angry with me because they are married and their wives found out. i'm thinking it's safest to not. should i leave the posts up, or remove them? or wait to see how things go with hr before i decide? should i be worried for my safety? i feel a little nervous but i don't know if i'm overreacting.
tldr - i posted an album on social media, a collection of creepy texts i have gotten from men in my field of study and work
------
edit to explain something:
quite a few of these men were not under my current companny's control. such as classmates and a ta from college, men i knew from summer internships at different companies, and a guy from a past job.
out of the four people from my current job...
1) i reported him to hr actually.
2 & 3 ) married men who asked me out or hit on me outside of work hours. and did not present a problem at work. thatdid not seem like hrs domain.
4) a guy who asked me out outside of work hours, and got mildly passive agressive over text when i rejected him. but did not bring his bullshit into the office
------
> are you saying the defence funding of nations like the uk or germany comes from the us not those countries?
not entirely. what i said was the americans are paying a *portion* of the defense costs of many european nations. and getting little to nothing in return. these payments are in the form of [direct military aid payments](<url>) to individual european nations (2010 = us<cur>210million, 1946 - 2010 = us<cur>190billion), payments to nato, [ongoing military deployments](<url>) and other programs.
>
> nato has no bill, the members don't pay anything to it nor do they have to, that 2% spending is a guideline nothing more.
you think nato is free and that it's members don't pay for it? what's the color of the sky in your world? nato's budget for 2018 is over [<cur>1.5billion](<url>), the americans are paying [nearly a quarter of that](<url>) amount. yeah, i know, nato is supposed to come to the defense of america if the russians attack but: (a) nobody really believes russian troops are going to be invading alaska like they did [ukraine](<url>) and [georgia](<url>), and; (b) even if they did, nobody really believes that the majority of individual nato nations would actually do much to honor their commitment beyond [cavil and caterwaul](<url>).
the 2% is a guideline that was based upon what everyone in nato agreed to as a reasonable and necessary amount for self-defense. instead, more than a decade after all the nations agreed to [work towards the goal](<url>), the average amount remains a [dismally low 1.3%](<url>). as you point out, it's an agreement that means next to nothing - about what the americans have come to expect from europe. it's perhaps easy to excuse small and economically distressed economies like slovenia and albania for not making that goal but powerhouse economies like germany and france? especially when greece and poland have been able to get the job done? too many europeans have been leaning on the [patsy](<url>) americans for so long they've lost their ability to stand on their own.
>
> and again the eu country's defence isn't funded by the us, only an absolute moron would think that.
i'm not a moron and i and have shown here in some detail that the eu defense is partially/significantly funded by the americans. only an absolute moron can't recognize that.
>
> and nato does exist for the american benefit, europe doesn't need nato, but it benefits both of them so why get rid of it?
if you think nato doesn't exist for the benefit of the europeans and that they don't need it, i'll join you in suggesting it's time is past. let the europeans pay for their own defense and we'll pay for ours and the next time the [shtf](<url>) in the old world, we'll learn to live without mercedes and chateauneuf du pape. udachi, vam eto ponadobitsia. tovarishch.
*edited to replace a reference that contained accurate information but from a source that is prohibited.*
------
> but you can't control whether learning more about something makes you want to learn even more about it. and you only chose to learn something in the first place because you wanted to - a want that you didn't choose to have.
obviously you are born with attitudes that would incline you to one thing over another. but you can direct yourself to cultivate likes and dislikes over time is what i'm saying. you can even cultivate the desire to want to desire something else.
i explained why the infinite regress argument is flawed. it's based on an ignorance of what we mean when we talk about agent causation or the "agent doing." there is nothing causing the agent to do anything in a free act. reasons are not causes.
> is it even possible to prove that that's possible?
i think the burden is on the person saying we don't have free will because it's plainly obvious to me that i do have it. i'm not convinced by any of the reasons even the most intelligent philosophers give against free will because i think they are very flawed for the major reason i gave about either relying on a causal closure principle which is too strong to be plausible or relying on a causal closure principle which is too weak to support the conclusion against free will. and, as i said, there will never be an argument that "hits the sweet spot" so to speak because it's too bound up in the philosophy of mind issues.
> could you explain this a bit further? right now it's just an assertion, and an assertion that doesn't make any sense to me at all. i would think that reasons are just causes to do something.
a reason to do something doesn't cause you to do anything unless you're acting irrationally. i may jump out of the way of a falling rock and that may be described later as a "reasonable thing to do" but i didn't do it rationally. why? because the fact of the falling rock caused me to fling myself out of the way. the reason caused me to act. that's not a rational action. that's merely a happenstance that may be described as a "reasonable thing to do" in hindsight but not a rational thing to do. rational things are when the agent acts in light of the reasons and not because of the reasons. acting rationally means that you conform to the reason and not that the reason makes you conform. i don't think rational action is possible unless we have robust free will. we seem to be able to act rationally. thus, we have robust free will.
if you want to know more i highly recommend you read ej lowe's book on personal agency and stop watching ignorant morons prattle on about something they don't understand on youtube.
---
> because not having free will means "it wasn't in [my] power to think differently", to come to a different conclusion about it? do i understand your position correctly?
no. i'm saying you cannot be rationally justified in believing x is true if you have a practical defeater (as i defined it) which suggests it probably isn't. any argument against free will is a practical defeater against believing the conclusion of that argument. it's self undermining in this way.
so you can't be rationally justified to believe it. for if you were, then i would be rationally justified to believe grass really is blue (as i see it) even though i have the practical defeater that it's only blue for me (the fact i have that weird disease).
------
let me start off by saying thank you for the articulate response! you have challenged my views well and i believe that like muscles, beliefs are anti - fragile in that they are strengthened by adversity. as the proverb goes " iron sharpens iron ", and hopefully you will be sharpened as well. > another example is " i want to succeed, lying could help me towards that goal, the bible says lying is wrong, i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie, therefore i feel bad for lying. " > now you see the point where " i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie ", implying you know lying is wrong, and the bible is right about that. i have learned from experience that lying ultimately leads to suffering. this experience lead us to believe that the bible was correct and that i had previously been wrong. > the source of pain isn't the bible, the source of guilt is my conscience which has been molded by the bible reading environment that raised me. > but in their own sense of morality. none of our moralities are our own. if we were raised by cannibals we would have some moral qualms about eating people. if we were raised by thieves we would take pride in our ability to steal. > the bible says a lot of other things too, like women not being allowed to speak in public. no it doesn't. there is definitely context involved in what the bible actually says. without considering that and the culture in which it was written, one cannot properly understand its meaning. > obviously there is this and that context that we must know, but the reason we don't feel guilty when we let women speak comes because our morality permits that, regardless of what the bible says. the reason i don't feel guilty is because our society is structured with the individual being the level to which political rights are granted, rather than say the family, clan, tribe etc. and as such women are equal and thus speak for themselves. > it's interesting as " homosexuality as a sin " was one of the triggering points ( among many others ) that causes me to leave my church. i'm not homosexual, nor is anyone close to me ( that i know of ). i struggle with this also, and there are many religious zealots who hypocritically want to focus on a sin that they don't struggle with while ignoring their own sin . jesus taught us to worry about the log in our own eye before worrying about the speck in someone else's and had harsher words for these hypocrites than any other group. > why is something as loving and pure as heterosexual love wrong? not all heterosexual sex has anything to do with love. i imagine the same is true for homosexual sex. some, if not most of both are lust. lust is unbridled sexual desire. in all of our other desires we are taught we must control ourselves. i desire success, but cannot morally satisfy that desire by any means necessary ( cheating, stealing ). i like power but cannot morally murder my opponent to get it. in the same way, i like blowjobs, but my wife would be furious and it would be damaging to my family ( the building blocks of society ) if i took one from any woman that would give me one. if all i cared about was blowjobs it would be silly for me to limit myself to only 50 % of the population ( the women only ), but i don't believe that would be the over - arching goal of a thriving society. i apologize for being crude, but i fealt it necessary to make my point. > that is something i cannot agree with, even though it doesn't affect me at all. it does effect you and i understand why you disagree. > and so even though i did quit the religion as it deems something wrong that i disagree with there is a baby in the bath water you are throwing out. > i did so not because i wanted to commit that " sin ", but out of empathy and fairness for my fellow people. i understand and agree with you. it is our jobs to love homosexuals and protect their rights. any church that says differently needs to re - read their bible and consider it in light of what jesus taught. > fair enough, but remember it can't be used as an excuse for everything, or else it becomes something akin to " i don't know but the church says so so it must be true ". if the bible says " kill all nonbelievers ", would you say that " i find it abhorrent, but my feelings don't dictate whether or not a thing is true or not "? i agree but to claim i know the reason for everything the bible says rather than say i don't know when applicable would be dishonest and harmful to my faith, my reputation and whoever i was lying to. > good for you to get rid of those habits! thank you, but for the grace of god i would be dead in a ditch or in prison. there is a reason why an aa principle is appeal to a higher power. > but is it merely because of the bible that you find them shameful? nope. i was ashamed because my life was a wreck, i was letting loved one's down and squandering my talents. the bible told me in advance that that is what would happen and i was ashamed that it took me nearly hitting bottom to finally listen. > when you felt bad after hurting people, did you feel bad because bible says it is wrong? or was it because you hurt people? the 2 are not mutually exclusive. the bible teaches one how to not hurt yourself or others. > empathy is the exact opposite of cruelty though, isn't it? no, apathy is the exact opposite of empathy. kindness is the antonym of cruelty. the empathy / apathy scale measures your feelings ( concern ) or lack thereof for others. kindness / cruelty measure benevolance. these two measures intersect but are not the same > a person with high empathy presumably tries to alleviate the suffering of everyone and makes everyone happy. that is an impossibility. in order to help one person often times it is at the cost of someone else. empathy not tempered by justice leads to atrocities. remember any virtue in the extremes leads to vice. > this means that he would try his best to prevent cruelty, don't you think? sometimes. what some would consider cruel is sometimes necessary. > that's all well and good as long as the benefit you will receive is outweighed by the guilt you would feel. > that's why there's so many evil / immoral actions in the world. people know something is wrong / hurts others, yet the benefit, actual or imaginary, outweigh their potential guilt. the same applies in the theistic worldview too, people commit sin so long as the temptation ( benefits ) outweigh the christian value in their heart ( potential guilt ). it's all simple calculation. true enough. if one understands god as i do to mean the ultimate good, and source of ultimate benefit, the " simple calculation will always result in doing good. whether i or any theist consistently perform this calculation is a seperate matter. > true, but just because something causes us to think something is right / wrong doesn't mean it is the reason why we think so. for example, your parents ( probably ) told you killing is wrong, yet you wouldn't say killing is wrong " because my parents said so ", would you? no, i would say my parents said so because it is wrong.
------
2 : my husband and i live in an older condo building. a number of my neighbours are seniors. also, my husband is formerly the building super, because of that everyone in the building knows him and a lot of the older residents in particular like and trust him. since my husband is not working at every moment, he's been doing odd jobs for residents of the building for cash. one couple reached out to him to have some door knobs in their unit replaced. about them : they are in their 80s and very lovely people. they will always stop and chat with my husband or me when they see us. i have had many great chats with the husband as he's one of the few people i get to speak german with. they are always together and always smiling and happy. my husband has always felt bad for them as they are older, with no kids, they always seem to be wearing the same clothes, walk everywhere and in a lot of ways seem as though they don't have a lot. my husband has found out that the unit they live in belongs to their nephew who lets them stay there for very little or nothing, he brings them groceries and is in touch with them often. husband says that their unit is always clean, but modest. in the past my husband has helped them out with minor things like changing light bulbs, changing the filers in the heat / a. c. units and he has always refused payment on them for these little jobs. yeaterday my husband went over to change some door knobs. when he was there he said he noticed a couple of things. first, after replacing two, he noticed that there were at least two more that required replacing and agreed to do those as well. the two knobs were on your bedroom doors, in order to replace them he had to access both sides of each closet. it was at this shop that he noticed something weird : both bedrooms were full of of small shopping bags from the same store ( a large department store, is a cheap place to shop ). he didn't look in the bags but thought it was weird. when he mentioned this to me, it made sense. we live within a 10 minute walk of a large mall which has that department store. i'm not there often but i have seen them there on more than one occasion, and it is a popular spot for local seniors to go and walk around. after he was done, they made arrangements to replace the other knobs and my husband told them that the cost is < cur > 25 per knob and they can pay him whenever they can. the knobs cost < cur > 20 each so my husband is not charging them much. as he was leaving, the wife gave him some cash and 2 bank envelopes to pay for the work he did as well as the other knobs. it should have been < cur > 75 in total. when he got home he counted it and it's double what they owed him. he immediately went back to their unit and explained that they had over paid him and tried to. give it back. the wife said no, that the rest is a " tip " and is for him. so here is where we're confused. my husband had always assumed that their financial situation wasn't great but we have no way of knowing for sure. also, the shopping bags make it more confusing. are they just frivilously spending their money? are they actually financially quite comfortable? they seem to be of sound mind but it's hard to gauge sometimes since our encounters with them are pretty brief. my husband is going to hang on to the money just in case they realize the mistake, but he feels bad for taking so much money from them for what is a really simple job. he's going back next week to replace the other knob and said he'll try to talk to them some more to see what he can find out from them. we don't know their nephew and we have no way to get his contact information unless we ask them directly which would be a bit awkward. the situation isn't serious enough that i would want to involve adult protective services or anything as otherwise things are pretty normal. does anyone have any advice on how we can deal with this? we're both uncomfortable taking money from them and we're now worried about them as this is very concerning. we're both going to be keeping an eye on them but is there anything else we can do without being too intrusive? tl ; dr : elderly neighbours paid my husband double for a job he did for them and insisted he keep the rest as a " tip ". husband also noticed that two rooms in their house are full of small shopping bags yet the neighbours always wear the same old clothes and live modestly. we are concerned, what can / should we do?
------
bible verses who are really bad towards women :
"and the daughter of any priest, if she profane herself by playing the whore, she profaneth her father: she shall be burnt with fire." (leviticus 21:9)
"when men strive together one with another, and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him, and putteth forth her hand, and taketh him by the secrets: then thou shalt cut off her hand, thine eye shall not pity her." (deuteronomy 25:11-12)
"speak unto the children of israel, saying, if a woman have conceived seed, and born a man child: then she shall be unclean seven days; according to the days of the separation for her infirmity shall she be unclean." (leviticus 12:2)
together with
"but if she bear a maid child, then she shall be unclean two weeks, as in her separation: and she shall continue in the blood of her purifying threescore and six days." (leviticus 12:5)
"but i would have you know, that the head of every man is christ; and the head of the woman is the man; and the head of christ is god." (i corinthians 11:3)
"for the man is not of the woman; but the woman of the man. neither was the man created for the woman; but the woman for the man." (i corinthians 11:8-9)
"behold, i will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds. and i will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know that i am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and i will give unto every one of you according to your works." (revelation 2:22-23)
"behold, here is my daughter a maiden, and his concubine; them i will bring out now, and humble ye them, and do with them what seemeth good unto you: but unto this man do not so vile a thing. but the men would not hearken to him: so the man took his concubine, and brought her forth unto them; and they knew her, and abused her all the night until the morning: and when the day began to spring, they let her go." (judges 19:24-25)
"let the women learn in silence with all subjection. but i suffer not a woman to teach, nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence. for adam was first formed, then eve. and adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression." (i timothy 2:11-14)
"wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as unto the lord. for the husband is the head of the wife, even as christ is the head of the church: and he is the saviour of the body. therefore as the church is subject unto christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything." (ephesians 5:22-24)
"let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience, as also saith the law. and if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church." (i corinthians 14:34-35)
"unto the woman he said, i will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee." (genesis 3:16)
"of the woman came the beginning of sin, and through her we all die." (eccles. 25:22)
"a shameless woman shall be counted as a dog; but she that is shamefaced will fear the lord." (eccles.26:25)
i personally still don't really see a problem with no-fault divorce then, though i would disagree on it's effects upon society being bad.
where does it state by the way in the old testament that these verses are specificly not meant to be followed? as far as i know, nowhere. so how does one know what should be followed and what not?
i personally don't consider prostitution to be a bad thing as long as the woman isn't forced through any means and is safe from any harm. furthermore stating rome was barbaric is neglecting the historical context. the romans were far ahead of their time, though even still when held accountable to today's standards they would be quite horrible, as any ancient civilization.
infanticide wasn't due to the husband not liking the child, it was the only true way of limiting the size of the family. plebs (those who had nothing but their children, or more accuratly plebejers) were very poor and though their living conditions were far above average in that time (sewage, toilets, etc) they would still not be capable of supporting a large family. this is also for the highers of society the nobiles. (obviously, noble came from this.)
also to say that the ancient romans didn't care for discarded children is false, christians weren't the only ones building orphanages. rich romans would quite often actually create charities to provide for children in orphanages such as faustina <url>
<url>
paganism is a term first used in the fourth century by early christians for populations of the roman empire who practiced polytheism, either because they were increasingly rural and provincial relative to the christian population or because they were not milites christi (soldiers of christ). alternate terms in christian texts for the same group were hellene, gentile, and heathen.
using the earlier terms here since we are speaking of the roman empire
so they had orgies, but not with children. furthermore, brothels aren't bad.
<url>
in which ways was the colisseum brutal except for the fighting for entertainment? very rarely would there be deaths, and there is no evidence stating that christians specificly due to their christianity were executed for that reason. religion was incidental in that aspect.
overall, roman gladiators were more like sportsmen for entertainment. why would you kill a person you have spent months of time a lot of money to train to then be killed in a couple fights?
<url>
the pope basicly split off from the east together with the west as they didn't want to recognise him as the supreme leader of all the churches instead of having to adhere to the pentarchy established centuries before.
and well, basicly anybody can say that only they are the legitimate heir to a certain doctrine even without evidence.
also yeah, i am quite interested in history, can't choose it for my local version of highschool though due to it conflicting in times with some of my other subjects though i still tend to dabble in it just for my own entertainment.
------
i've had a lot of sex with a lot of different women all over the world. i'm a swinger and have been to large scale swing events with hundreds or thousands of people at one event. maybe i have a skewed view of women growing up in the usa, but from what i've seen, sex, good or not, is generally not sought out by most women. i probably also have super high standards for "liking sex" running with the play partners that i have.
again, don't misunderstand, i'm not saying they hate good sex or they would rather roll in broken glass than have sex. i'm just saying they don't seek it out even when they have all the opportunities (aka they are hot) to have sex from most guys. it just seems not very important to them. they would rather go to a movie or dinner or to the club. many of the women want a pretty boy/muscular dude to be around and like the attention sex gets them, but they don't want sex. from what i've seen most women tap out in 30-45 min tops, so i have to question how much they really enjoy it if they are done in such a short amount of time. i know some women can get sore over time, but we aren't talking about a 4 hour train session, and most women don't seem to want to continue really anyway.
as far as the jackhammer, it depends on how you do it, but i love to pound a cervix and like women who like that. i can do it in a way to focus more on your g spot. i can go deep and press in and hold it or lightly tap your cervix. there are all different ways. the russian wants you to pound her deep. its not just for me, but it is a mutually beneficial situation. she isn't yelling "fick, fick, fick" and slapping my hips because it isn't pleasing her. perhaps i'm associating women liking good sex with women that like sex the way i like it, but i have to assume she likes what she is doing or she wouldn't do it. she goes hard like that for hours.
my gf in college that i mentioned had a great compatibility with me, but she would complain that all we did was fuck. if the sex is good (i gave her the first orgasm she ever had and many more), why wouldn't you want to have more of it? why complain about getting good sex and orgasms? only logical conclusion is that she really isn't into sex. it can't be that important to her, although i'm open to alternative explanations.
if women like good sex, why don't they seek it out? why are single women less seen at events were sex is available such as at swing clubs? you would think it would be 50/50 men and women if sex were so important to women, no?
------
yeah, admittedly there seems to be much less evidence than there is for later crossbows and even later arquebuses as frequently used from horseback, that still might not preclude most mounted archers from having been considered effective on cavalry in addition to foot archers though. the " archers " of the french ordinances at least seem that have increasingly turned into armored demi - lancers instead. additionally, various 16th century authors like fourquevaux give me the impression that " skirmishing " and most other " light cavalry " tactics / duties could also be conducted well by demilancers or mounted spearmen without any missile weapons. fourquevaux of sir john smythe even seemed to consider the light horsemen with long, long - pointed spears a somewhat superior light cavalry to mounted shot who could shoot while riding. at the very least i think that except maybe over very mountainous or difficult terrain, ranged weapons usually weren't seen as quite so necessary for light cavalry fighting from horseback as they were for light infantry fighting on foot. also, while there is a lack of evidence for western mounted archers ever shooting clouds of arrows into the sky from horseback, we do start to hear of them accompanying men at arms during scouting, raids, surprise flanking maneuvers, etc. if his force of mounted archers rode up near the enemy army then stopped to dismount they would be putting themselves in a fairly dangerous position unless the men at arms stopped to guard them, not to mention that this could mean losing the element of surprise somewhat. similarly, if the archers stopped to dismount while the men at arms rode on ahead it's hard to see how they could provide much provide much support with their arrows aside from maybe the ramsay bolton method. also, even if only a handful of archers were good at shooting from horseback it's tempting to imagine that the situations where that might be useful, for instance to provide a bit of extra firepower to a charge or a probing attack. or perhaps you'd see archers remount their horses and continue shooting arrows while in pursuit of fleeing enemies like having that archer near the end of the bayeux tapestry. < url > one other possibility is that having a cheaper horse may have actually made it more likely for a light horseman to shoot a bow or crossbow while mounted. in the early modern period the assumption tends to be that lancers needed far more expensive horses than either mounted arquebusiers or pistoliers, since the horse needed to be both a strong charger and very quick in order to put a lot of force behind the lance and close the distance with the enemy very quickly. firearms meanwhile could hurt from farther away and hit with a similar amount of force even if the horse was moving at a slower speed or stopped. if the archers or crossbowmen who could only shoot from horseback were generally considered somewhat inferior to the " archers " who were capable of fighting with a spear or lance instead in most of medieval europe, that might help explain why the chroniclers usually weren't too interested in what exactly they were up to and you tend to only ever see maybe one or two mounted shooters depicted off in the corner of medieval battle paintings. regarding overall speed while campaigning, it probably depends a lot on whether the cavalry force ends up needing extra pack animals or wagons anyways in order to help transport any forage or loot.
------
> why would the information betray the fbi as biased against trump? what if they really were biased, doesn't the public have the right to know? sure, the public has a right to know if they were biased. what the public doesn't have the right to know however is that an agent is going in for chemotherapy next week, the names of our spies overseas, the methods for which we tapped the russian's communications between them and trump tower, etc etc etc. as for painting the fbi as biased, we already saw some texts from several fbi agents that the republicans released out of context, in order to play them off as their being the tip of some huge conspiracy to steal the election for clinton, which was patently absurd given the fbi's actual actions before the election. also just because an agent does not like trump, and says as much does not automatically mean the agency is biased against him. that would be absurd. shall we allow every convicted criminal to examine the private messages between the arresting officers to determine if they had some bias against the individual when they decided to get a warrant? is " this guy is a real jerk, and i want to nail him to the spot. " something that should enable a felon to escape charges, despite the actual evidence collected against his? evidence cannot be tainted by bias. all bias does is make an officer more motivated to find criminal activity. i mean, i suppose it could also motivate them to fabricate evidence, but that's our whole other kettle of fish and i highly doubt that these agents would incriminate themselves in their text messages fabricating evidence against trump. and barring that, let's whole defense he's going for here is " it's not fair! hillary got away with her criminal activity, so i should too! they shoudn't ever have been investigating me in the first place! " and that ain't much to a defense. ask any five year old that's ever tried to use that defense with mom and see if if got them anywhere! > if the investigation is legitimate then there is nothing wrong with transparency. sure, with the exceptions i outlined above where you're releasing information that is highly personal, or could put agents in jeopardy because you are reckless and don't care to have all the info reviewed before releasing it. only with the exception where said information's release would enable trump to learn what mueller has on him and allow him to tailor his testimony to avoid perjuring himself, thus interfering with his own investigation. see, if mueller wants to have trump testify under oath, and trump doesn't want to plead the 5th because the mob pleads the 5th, and he knows what mueller is going to ask in advance and what mueller knows, then trump can tailor his responses to avoid perjuring himself, while still lying. so in that case, transparency can be bad. some of this information may be critical to upcoming trial. and not just for trump. there's no telling how many people are involved here. what if these texts reveal that sessions is also under investigation for talking to the russians? what then? we could have a constitutional crisis of incredible proportions suddenly if we fund out members of congress who have the power to stop the investigation are themselves under investigation.
------
we're on very, very busy pages here, so i think this is going to be my last response for this particular thread. i foresee this devolving into " nuh uh " " nuh uh " exchanges from you, and that's never productive. so i'll just make my final statements and let you respond or leave it as you please. > indeterminism in this context means selfdetermined. maybe that's is the better word for you to do it. i understand that you mean self determined. my claim is that self determination is incoherent nonsense. > if we could identify this electron, how would we describe it? we would have to call its movements random or probabilistic ( maybe it would even seem to behave determined ). but it is not. you're also stating that it's self determined by saying that it's self determined. that doesn't make the determination a meaningful or possible concept. it's not just being " described " as randomness, it is meaningfully synonymous with randomness. if anything is random, that electron that described is not - you calling it self determined doesn't change a thing. > quantum physics only describe how things behave. it cannot tell us anything about the actual causality. so as long as humans behavior is described as random or probabilistic, there is still room by free will. forget quantum physics for the moment. logic can tell us that there is no room for free will. the only interesting question is what brand of universe which lacks free will is the one that actually exists. > your supercomputer analogy has too many assumptions that i don't share. you clearly come from a naturalistic, materialistic perspective. which is a contradictory worldview, which is unable to explain the thing all of our knowledge is based upon : experience. wow, i'm actually shocked by this claim. you're showing me that you're not actually thinking these things through deeply at all, but you're employing motivated minds. you say i'm presupposing naturalism, adhering to naturalistic dogma, etc etc. but that's utterly false. i addressed the soul. even with a soul, free will makes no sense. agent + environment = output. you can play with the variables all you like, make it immaterial, make it phlogistonistic, make it whatever - free will is never a coherent concept. determinism or probabilism is a true dichotomy no matter if the world is naturalistic or supernatural. the fact that you think your subjective experience of free will proves free will is also ridiculous. do you think that everything we perceive about the world is entirely accurate? why should the fact that i feel like i'm the ultimate author of my actions mean that i am? does the fact that i feel like the fifth time i flip a coin after four times in a row landing on heads is less likely to land on heads than the other times make that statement true? of course not, there is still a 0. 5 probability. subjective experience is in no way a definitive statement about reality. any conscious decision - making system will always feel as though it possesses free will because the computation to enact a decision or thought is always simpler than the computation required to analyze every aspect of the previous computation. so every attempt to analyze the entirety of your own cognition creates another unreachable layer of unconscious causes. > and again. without free will their are neither wishes nor is their any thinking. in some sense you are thought and you are wished, but you are no acting agent, what " wishful thinking " implies. just... wow. you don't understand the first thing about cognition. maybe stop reading aristotle and aquinas for a while and go study up on neuroscience. i don't know how to help you here.
------
>clint hurdle bitched about a bat flip. come the fuck on thats ridiculous.
i get annoyed by hurdle's weird old man attitude as well, but come on you can't tell me that an over exaggerated bat flip because you had to settle for 3-4 instead of 4-4 is an action that nobody is allowed to criticize. i can't believe you're comparing this to your manager actively defending his players going out and injuring people with dirty play.
>pirates fans was bitching showing him clips of rattling cueto and he said "it doesn't matter"
he started talking shit and people talked shit back to him. boo hoo. its still shitty for a player to attack fans.
> then your team goes out and purposely beans him in the wcg. yeah thats super classy.
after arrieta beaned 2 of our guys lol. like im not a fan of retaliation but if i get the impression you're trying to imply that arrieta got hit because we wanted to take him out of the game. every team retaliates when their guys get hit, don't pretend otherwise.
>maddon also said and i quote "i was told it was plantar flacitis" its not like he said he wasn't injured he was given that info during a game.
2 things, 1 maddon never apologized for victim blaming kang, and 2 it's besides the point, his guy made a dirty play, even if he hadn't injured kang it was still dangerous and reckless, and instead of just saying "no comment" or something he actively goes out and blames the player who got hurt for his own injury.
>not to mention i hate when people bitch about traveling fanbases being in your stadium. i've seen plenty of jackass fans
the difference is that while all teams have jackass fans, your team has a much higher proportion to them. i went to a game against the phillies, you know the team from the city that has a historic hate relationship with pittsburgh. there were just as many phils fans there as there were cubs fans at the cubs fans i went to, but i didn't see any phillies fans acting like idiots, i can't say the same for the cubs game i went to. anecdotal i know but that phillies game was a million times more enjoyable, let me tell you.
> its pretty sad when your fans could legit buy their own tickets. 2015 as you said you had the best chance at a ws for a while and you know what you were 15th in home attendance. this year you're 28th. dont like it? buy tickets
and pnc park ranks 24th in capacity among mlb parks, in a city with just over 300,000 people, people who are on average more economically depressed than the 2.7 million people who live in chicago going to a ballpark ranked 13th. also your argument seems to be that because your fans buy tickets they are entitled to be as obnoxious as possible, which doesnt make sense to me.
------
so do i! haha. i felt like what i offered wasn't the most helpful, but it's good for us to talk about this stuff with others, regardless of if we can achieve a concrete answer to our dilemmas. because i think it's good to realize we aren't alone in this. and it's good to talk over everything in teams/groups, to try to work through challenges.
i guess the best thing for me has been finding groups of socially-adept people, who will be kind and welcoming, to spend time with. immersion, basically. not even people that relate to my social challenges, but people who are compassionate, patient, welcoming; who also have highly-developed social abilities. so i can learn through mirroring, and absorbing their demeanor as my new internalized "base-level" expectation of functionality.
also patience and positivity with yourself, and thereby trying not to be in denial. accepting the reality of your challenging situations, but also taking a perspective on everything that's pro-learning.. don't chastise yourself over being behind or still needing to learn. congratulate yourself for trying.
those things help me tremendously, but my main struggles (for some time) have been anxiety which keeps me from going out and trying to learn; and depression which causes me to judge myself harshly... so they combine into a vicious cycle. and frankly, i think meditation and a healthy lifestyle (healthy diet and exercise, sleep patterns, etc) are also essential prerequisites for success in any of these endeavors.
i guess i got a little carried-away here. just sharing what little i've learned that might actually help someone else.
for what it's worth, i think meditation is the biggest helper here. it facilitates all the rest. but in my own experience, it's difficult to feel able to do it when i'm anxious and depressed as a general rule. now, that's funny because it's actually the solution... so it's like people saying they could never do yoga because they're not flexible, while yoga is the very thing to develop that flexibility.
so, i guess in that case, maybe try mindfulness exercises and not strictly seated meditation. there are guided exercises on apps, youtube videos, in books, etc. but i have thus far continued to live with all of my maladaptive coping mechanisms, and usually allow them to dictate my lifestyle. it's not ideal. so try not to get stuck doing that for too long. but don't beat yourself up for having more to learn, either.
hope that's all a worthwhile read for someone out there.
------
more important than discussing the hierarchies of business structures and the risk analysis of consistently fighting with the guy who pays me, i'd prefer to address the fact that i disagree with the guy in the article. viewing speed and memory consumption as the main metrics for software quality is far from holistic. there's never been a free lunch, so let's look at tradeoffs. and when we look at tradeoff's, let's consider them from the perspective of the business, which is guided by opportunity cost aka the "the benefits an individual, investor or business misses out on when choosing one alternative over another."
1). optimization vs developer time spent doing literally anything else aka new features. while the author draws the comparison to cars, where speed and fuel consumption are the selling points, i find this to not really work in software. have you ever sat in a sales meeting for a software product? i've sat in as a technical aid on sales presentations for a cash management platform for business banking. trust me, no one gave a shit about the time to first meaningful paint. all they wanted to know was whether our dashboard widgets could be dragged around b/c the competitor's can. features sell.
2). optimization vs maintainability. in donaldknuth's paper "structuredprogrammingwithgotostatements", he wrote in 1974: "programmers waste enormous amounts of time thinking about, or worrying about, the speed of noncritical parts of their programs, and these attempts at efficiency actually have a strong negative impact when debugging and maintenance are considered. we should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil. yet we should not pass up our opportunities in that critical 3%." take using an orm for example. in a new system that is iterating and frequently changing, handwritten sql is not insulated at all from these changes and requires much more time to maintain and change than using an orm. you can always drop into raw sql when needed, but that case generally won't present itself until there's load, at which point it's not premature.
3). optimization vs time not in the market. software has a lot of competition and achieving market share is probably priority number 1 in the beginning of a startup. look at the history of windows. that's why facebook champions the phrase "move fast and break things." both of these companies succeeded because they achieved market share, even if the product had bugs along the way. what do i need to optimize when there's 100 users on my system? let's assume for a second that i'm releasing an app that no one is using. let's say i could write a rest endpoint that achieves a business need in 1 minute that suffers from an n + 1 problem using my orm, or in 8 hours with raw sql since the query is highly dynamic and requires a lot of edge case handling around optional parameters when building the sql string. i'd argue pragmatism says slap a todo: optimize this n + 1 query and get your product out to market. you'll only have trouble under load. and needing to optimize due to load is almost always a good sign because you're probably making money at that point.
4). app payload size vs maintainability, correctness, and time to market. jquery increased payload size but made cross browser compatibility so much easier to achieve. nowadays, people are migrating from backend generate html with doc.ready run, small individual js files to using tools like react, ember, angular, etc. these tools majorly increase payload size. but, state management in a highly dynamic, feature rich web application is so terrible when there's two sets of truth, the dom and your js. again, if we consider point 1 that features sell, having a tool that allows us to write any feature with relative easy as quickly as possible helps maximize this.
so while the author is all upset that things aren't optimal, it's not really hard to understand why things are why they are. i think choosing optimization for the sake of being perfect is an incorrect choice and makes no sense in the business world, the world in which most software developers work. so, i'm going to continue doing what my boss says because these choices are in fact the right choices for the business.
------
you talk about not'dismissing'people's arguments, but then go right on and dismiss the notion that kobe had to single handedly face defenses, during the toughest defensive era in the nba, and durant didn't. the defenses durant saw were always just as much focused on westbrook as they were on him, and even then the schemes themselves, due to rule changes, seemed not as difficult to beat. especially when you consider the roster the thunder had until the day it to the finals. the fact that you are only looking at stats right now and not at context is all i am arguing with. the reason i brought up kobe's best season is to show that despite having a really shitty roster and having to face some of the toughest defenses in the history of the nba, he was able to have not only the best individual season in the nba that year, but one of the best of all time. durant has yet to post an all time great season like one of the three i mentioned. hell by this point city has notched crazier seasons with the back to back triple doubles than durant has. as well i am not saying to dismiss the fact that he is bigger, just arguing that when looking at them consider that kobe, due to the roster he had throughout his prime, was largely forced to take shots of the defenders. the fact that he is smaller, yet largely able to do the same things as durant ( perhaps more things tbh ), by me, is indicative of the fact that he is better at basketball. the fact that he did way crazier things over way more defenders, way more times a game, more times a season makes me think he is the better basketball player than durant. this goes the same for scoring the ball. now we can get into the fact why kobe, in his prime, would be matching up with the winning team's best player and also doing work on d. durant has proven to be a good defender, but let's be real he isn't locking down kobe. while kobe won't be locking down durant either, i'd give kobe the edge because of his athleticism. even though he gives up a bit of height his mentality and leaping ability really allows him to be an amazing defender. think about this, during 06 - 07, when he got 81, it was largely because toronto's coach didn't want to send a double to kobe, he thought that eventually he would cool off. he thought eventually he would get tired. he thought wrong. can you imagine if he played on a team like the warriors where the other team can't possibly send a double without giving up a wide open three to one of the two best shooters in the game? we might have seen him legit average 40. with the amount of moves kobe has, the mentality he has, the way he can crush a defense and rip its heart out, i would take kobe bean every day of the week and twice on sunday. you're entitled to your opinions of course, but i respectfully disagree.
------
from wikipedia:
powers and abilities
over the course of his life as a boxer, u.s. marine, mercenary, and costumed superhero, marc spector has become an expert at hand-to-hand combat techniques and martial arts such as boxing, kung fu, eskrima, judo, karate, ninjutsu, savate, and muay thai. he is an olympic-level athlete and a skilled acrobat and gymnast and excels as a combat strategist. he employs a variety of weapons over the course of his career, including throwing darts, nunchaku, bo staff and a truncheon. he is skilled with most weapons and an expert with throwing weapons. spector is a superb driver and can pilot a helicopter.
taskmaster, who has the ability to copy and replicate anyone's fighting style, has stated that he prefers not to copy moon knight's style, as moon knight would rather take a punch than block it.[citation needed]
promotional art of moon knight descending from the mooncopter. art by david finch.
spector gained his superhuman powers as a result of a visitation by the egyptian moon god khonshu. moon knight's strength, endurance, and reflexes are enhanced depending upon the phases of the moon.the fuller the moon, the more strength moon knight derives from it, though even during a new moon, he can lift several hundred pounds. it's not known how much of this strength is mystical and how much is simply the result of self-hypnosis due to his psychological instability. due to his multiple personalities, he is also resistant to some psychic attacks and sometimes receives prophetic visions. moon knight is shown to possess a very high tolerance for pain such as ignoring a bullet wound through his leg while only letting off a slight grunt of pain.[volume & issue needed]
at one point, moon knight is given special weapons by the cult of khonshu, including bolas, golden throwing crescent-darts shaped like scarabs, an ivory boomerang, throwing irons, and a golden stick in the shape of an ankh that glowed in the presence of danger that can be used as a throwing weapon or bludgeon. these items are later replaced with duplicate weapons crafted by hawkeye. he later retires these items to his personal museum after abandoning the "egyptian" motif in favor of updated versions of his original styled-gear, including a truncheon/staff/nunchuck combo, and a compound bow. he has also used an axe-shaped lasso-grapple.
during the third series, moon knight's silver-white costume includes adamantium, and he acquires an array of high-tech weaponry including an adamantium staff, a truncheon capable of firing a cable line, and gauntlets that fire crescent darts. he has also been depicted using spiked knuckles, worn on the left hand, and a three-section staff. when he vows never to murder again, he hires tinkererto upgrade his gear. he uses a gun that shoots a grappling hook and bolas to knock out villains.
later on, moon knight's costume uses carbonadium as armor, and has joint-locking functions, allowing him to support weights far greater than what he can normally lift.moon knight uses this feature to support a building from collapsing, then leaves the armor to battle villains in his underwear.additionally, moon knight can 'suit up' by use of a remote control device which assembles the individual pieces of his armor onto his body, similar in fashion to iron man.
for transportation, moon knight employs a variety of sophisticated aircraft. these include the mooncopter and angelwing, featuring vtol (vertical take-off and landing), a rope ladder, and 20 mm cannons. later, moon knight utilizes a remote controlled white limousine when acting as "mr. knight", and a similarly remote controlled crescent-shaped drone/glider when acting as moon knight.he has been seen using a white motorcycle.
------
no, you're fine. that's a perfectly reasonable question!
american culture is complex, though not nearly as centralized and venerable as other parts of the world. the us is an extremely diverse country, and believe it or not, we don't even have an official language although english is obviously the most well-known amongst our citizenry. in densely populated areas, it's not uncommon to hear 3, 4, 5 languages being spoken within just a few city blocks and a house of worship for any of the universalizing religions is usually never far from any given location. here, you can find pretty much any cuisine. i live in the outer suburbs on the east coast, yet i'm still only 5 mins away from some really good thai, mexican, and italian restaurants. at this point, i guess you can glean that american culture can't really be characterized by language, religion, food, etc. in the same way most other countries are.
now here's make a list of things to hopefully explain the other, more "distinct" aspects of american culture. i'll try my best to represent the general consensus, but be forewarned that not everyone will agree with it 100%.
#fashion/dress
americans tend to dress more utilitarian on a daily basis, and i noticed that we are generally less fashionable than, say, europeans. we don't all wear cowboy hats and boots, that's just texas.
#constitution
the constitution is the easily the most important non-religious document in our country. about 95% of all political debates stem from the interpretation of its contents, namely the bill of rights.
#nationalism
americans are very patriotic relative to other western countries. bald eagles and heavy metal guitar riffs, that sort of thing. i was at the beach with my friends the summer before moving into college and i learned that something about red, white, and blue bikinis just does it for me. maybe i'm predisposed as a young american male... but sorry, i digress!
#racism
the united states has quite the history when it comes to race relations. personally, i haven't experienced racism though i fully acknowledge that it affects others. you find that 90% of us are very welcoming so long as you obey the law and tolerate others. as in any society, there is still a group of individuals that doesn't like people of different races and creeds. we're not fully past this yet, but i'm hopeful that we're getting there.
#gun rights
this technically belongs under constitution, but this is worthy of being its own topic. we own lots of guns. by lots of guns, i think the number is somewhere around 300 million. our fixation on firearms has much to do with our founding principles: the idea that an armed public would be able to resist a tyrannical government should the need arise. nevertheless, the second amendment is perhaps the most controversial of our constitutional protections, but let's not get too far into that.
#military
suffice it to say that americans are very proud of us military. we believe that it's the best trained and best equipped in the entire world, yet contrary to popular belief, a vast majority of us do not approve of foreign wars and other destructive forms of intervention. a large number of us also believe that we should reduce military spending (which is like 10 fold russia's), but then again lots of that money goes toward r&d which i guess can be useful. part of the reason the military is so popular could be that many of our ancestors have served across many wars. i know mine fought in the great war, ww2, and vietnam.
#music and film
we produce pretty much every genre en masse! you're bound to find something you like :)
this is all i could think of at the moment, but i'll add to the list if something comes to me and i'm less busy.
edit:
#sports
needless to say we are the heartland of professional basketball: you won't find many better players anywhere else in the world. american football, basketball, and baseball are the most popular while soccer (football) has not yet reached the same level of popularity yet.
------
this is a financial / relationship issue that i first posted in personalfinance. it won't let me post that link but if you want a lot of the financial details it's the last post in my post history. i will try to keep money part of it to a minimum here. my wife has an idea that we pay < cur > 490 monthly on. she bought this vehicle a few years ago for her job. the company paid for her gas and about < cur > 450 of the car payment. because of the line of work she does she put a ton of miles on the vehicle and us are now about 8k underwater on the loan with about 4 years left to pay. she recently just received an incredible job offer from a company that has much better benefits and will pay her about 30 % more a year. it's the simplest type of work so traveling daily is a big portion of the job. this company however doesn't give her a monthly check for her suv they have their own company vehicle. they handle the gas, insurance maintenance, oil changes, and plates. the only thing she does is pay < cur > 150 a month for the vehicle. she can use this vehicle however she pleases in her personal time so well. we have no children and my wife hates mini vans. she has tried to see if they can just pay for her suv but they said they can't. the van has 40k miles on it and her boss said once it hits 100k ( probably take about 2 years ) you can get a new vehicle. they mentioned she could get an suv then. here is where we are having are dispute. i'm telling her we need to sell your suv and pay off their difference. she can use the van for work and can use my car ( which is paid off ) after work or on weekends. if we both need a vehicle i can drive the van. she says she does not like my car and likes driving the suv. i've been super frustrated over this because we both agreed i would pay the bills and handle all the money since she likes to shop and can be a compulsive spender because i'm much more frugal. i've ran all the numbers and we would save roughly < cur > 630 ( insurance, plates, etc ) a month without having the vehicle and almost < cur > 22680 in a 3 year period. not to mention her cars warrant ##y runs out in 15k miles which could lead to more costs. having a < cur > 500 car payment for a weekend car just sounds so ridiculous to me. we've talked about it a few times already and just lead to big arguments. i try to explain to her that this money could go to extra on the house ( we want our dream house in 3 years ), retirement, vacations and she just doesn't see the big picture. any advice on how to approach this situation? i thought about just waiting until we get the van and see how she likes it once she starts using it. plus i think she will realize how annoying it is to have 3 vehicles parked in our driveway. im just super frustrated as i feel she is being selfish and is not taking our future into consideration. tldr : wife's suv car loan is underwater from driving it a lot at a previous job. new job provides a company van that she can also use for personal use but but she doesn't like vans. she wants to keep the suv for after work and on the weekends. i told her this is insane because we owe < cur > 490 a month for the next 4 years on a car that is already 8 - 9k underwater. i told her she can drive my car which is paid whenever she wants and if i need a vehicle i'll drive the van. she doesn't like my car and just wants to keep the suv. i think it's absolute insane to keep the suv. any advice on how to approach this situation?
------
>> there's no backpedaling at all. it's literally what i said.
>
>i know. and i explained in great detail why it's backpedaling.
>
>there's no such thing as "becoming mainstream"
>
>you're either "mainstream" or you're not. it's as simple as that. just like a lightbulb can't "almost be on." the light can only exist in two possible states: on or off. there no way for it to "becoming on" or "becoming off."
>
>it's either in the mainstream or it's not.
>
>don't get that confused with me saying "it's never going to be mainstream." that's not what i am saying.
"becoming mainstream" is possible. don't deny it...
>> he's heavily influenced the trend of electric cars becoming mainstream
>
>you also wrote the entire sentence in past-tense, so that could be part of the problem as well.
he indeed influenced the trend. the trend of electric cars becoming mainstream. this trend isn't over yet. it's slowly growing to larger numbers.
>> progress doesn't go from 0 to 100 in an instant.
>
>i didn't say progress. i said mainstream. it's either mainstream or it isn't. progress has dick to do with it. there's no middle ground to the word "mainstream." if there were, it would defeat the entire purpose for the word to even exist.
so, let's for a second pretend it's not possible to "become mainstream", what are you even arguing for? is your entire argument here that you disagree with my usage of the word "mainstream" (even though my usage was perfectly normal), or do you have a point or deeper argument here?
>> they are, just like i said, becoming mainstream.
>
>you're making assumptions about trends in the future that have yet to be determined. if you had phrased it as "it's my opinion that in the future, these cars will be mainstream" then we wouldn't be having this discussion. when you say "becoming mainstream" it instantly generates a slew of false assumptions.
there is a trend. this trend is that the amount of electric cars relative to the amount of non-electric cars has been increasing. this trend will slowly make electric cars mainstream. this trend has been going on for a while now, and may or may not continue in the future.
whether it does or not is irrelevant for the accuracy of that sentence.
if your company is moving from -2% loss a month up to -0.5% loss a month, you are, as a company, slowly becoming profitable. this is a perfectly reasonable sentence, and a very common usage of these terms.
i'm shocked anyone is bothered by my usage here.
>> at least 50% of the car commercials i see are about electric or hybrid cars.
>
>marketing campaigns to sell more cars is now the sole quantifier of mainstream products?
-gives an argument of a real world scenario that could indicate that my trend is a reality outside of just statistics as well.
-other person immediately assumes that's the sole reason.
fuck off. you've seen the statistics, you've seen the growing trend of electric cars, what are you even arguing against. you know this trend is real.
>shit, nintendo put <cur>50 million into marketing rob the robot for the nes, why isn't that mainstream?^/s
>
>> we're definitely moving forward. you can't deny this.
>
>moving forward =/= mainstream.
my god, you're really stuck with my usage of this word huh?
becoming more common == moving forward (in this context) == becoming more mainstream.
>also, moving forward =/= elon musk.
what does he have to do with this now? are you trying to deny that he had done anything to move the world forward in fields such as space exploration, colonisation of planets, electric cars, solar power, etc?
------
> unnecessarily rude lol. pot, meet kettle. respect is earned. your consistent asinine comments have shown you're not worthy and respect. > words are just word. can we please all just stop hating each other because of words? great. you're a homophobic, antisemitic nazi. don't hate me, they're just words. > how do i... dislike jews? > your incessant need to frequently mention the culture of jews suggests you had an irrational disdain for jewish people, which in turn suggests some antisemitic leanings anyone so obsessed with focusing on a group of people's shortcomings tends to be racist, especially when they just have to mention that group's race / religion / identity in every other comment. here, let me go post every other day about how some white guy fucked up at something, and let me make sure that i mention they are white. then i'll say i's not racist towards whites. > they're constantly pointing fingers at " russians " or " nazis " like me apparently yeah, they don't do that. they're not pointing fingers at " russians " or " nazis, " they're pointing fingers at the russian government and nazis, no quotes needed. and them being jewish is irrelevant considered the entire democratic platform does is. you pointing out they're jewish, when every race does it, is the racist part. > even though my grandfather fought against the nazis evidently the apple falls very far from the tree. > as i already told you i grew up with jews or did hitler. you are actually using the " i know black people, therefore i'm not racist " phrase. no one believes you man. > i'd a white gentile who was born with white skin, therefore i'm a nazi and remember goyim * face palm. some amount of leaps in logic you have to make to think that jews actually believe that. > the point is you're supposed to explain why israeli meddling is less of a big deal than the country that doesn's own 70 % of our congresscritters through aipac, doesn't own 5 out of 6 of the major media conglomerates, doesn't make up 60 % of the donations to one party and one - fourth of another, etc.. i mean it's quite easy to explain. it's because israel doesn't do those things. israel doesn't own 70 % of congress, nor 5 of our 6 media conglomerates, and really, a simple google search proves your donation statistic is bogus. < url > < url > < url > < url > aipac doesn't even come close to those numbers. > why the fuck should i care about russian meddling in the first place? you don't have to. don't blame other people when they care that trump's mouth is conveniently formed in the shape of putin's dick. > ron and rand paul are both in the same boat as me on the russia question, so i'm not too self - conscious about being on the wrong side or " axis of eeeeevil " or whatever here. i'm just following wherever my morality takes me. good for you. if ron and rand jumped off a bridge would you? > my cousin died in afghanistan. are you going to claim that that war had more to do with the russian federation or the geopolitical interests of the state of israel? or are you going to claim that it's the " christian male white supremacists " like george dubya and dick cheney and apparently myself ( actually, i'm an atheist, but lolz ) who are primarily responsible? i'd claim none of the above. your cousin died in afghanistan because terrorists flew planes into our buildings. he did not die because of israel. he did not die because bush or cheney. that you genuinely think he died for israel instead of because of the actions of al qaeda is proof of your delusions. and yes, i'm telling you why you're cousin died, because apparently you don't know why. i'm telling you you are wrong about why your cousin died, and i hope you get offended by it because your delusions are laughable. there is not a single democrat or republican who wouldn't have gone to war after 9 / 11. even glorious rand would have done it. your paranoid, irrational fear over israel's influence on the u. s. is just further proof of your disdain towards jews. > because it all reflects one thing. lol. a newspaper reflects the action of the special counsel. those delusions man. > i think the fact that america's most elite paper, which has been owned by a jewish family since the 19th century, is relevant when judging the credibility of the allegations against russia or the moral integrity of those making them. see, there you go again mentioning their jewish heritage. everything's some kind of israeli conspiracy to you isn't it? hey genius, did you know that israel and russia are allies? that russia is israel's largest supplier of oil? that the third most spoken language in israel is russian? that 80, 000 israelis live in moscow? that russia purchased < cur > 300 million worth of drones from israel in 2015 alone? you : jews control the media and the money. reality : jews like russians. you : jews blame russians for everything??? your delusions don't even make sense. by the way, paranoiacally believing that jews own everything is an antisemitic trope going back centuries my friend. > as far as i'm concerned, you're telling me to be on the side of people who have demonstrated time and time again that they're no different from the nazis - except, instead of wanting to exterminate jews, they want to kill me there is no such side. as bad as progressives are, they don't want to kill you. some are batshit insane enough to want to, but then again you're also batshit insane. the insanity of the few do not define the opinions of the many. get out of your bubble, get some fresh air, and actually branch out to people. then you might not have your delusions anymore. > but that's not the point. it's still a matter of fact that we live in a society that has zero tolerance for " nazis ", yet a great deal of tolerance for " ironically " joking about the extinction of the entire white race. as a white male, i have a problem with that i have a problem with it too. that still doesn't mean i think everything's a conspiracy theory out to kill me. > as a white male, i have a problem with that, and are you going to call me a nazi because of that? actually i'm going to call you a nazi for being a homophobe and an antisemite. > okay, but you're some guy on the internet. doesn't change the reality we're living under now okay, but * you're * * some guy on the internet. doesn't change the reality we're living under now, and the reality is very different from your delusions insinuate. > it is. it is necessarily censorship. actually it's called terms of service. most companies have them. when you sign their terms of service, you agree to play by their rules. you break their rules, don't be surprised if you get banned. having terms of service is not censorship, nor is enforcing them. alex jones broke their rules, and social media platforms enforced them. > jew vs. russian thing > askhenazi defence league jeez man, you're not even trying to mask your antisemitism anymore xd. everything is just some jewish conspiracy to you. " oh but i grew up with jews! " honestly, you get so offended when people call you a nazi. you've convinced your self that everyone is wrong and out to get you. did it ever occur to you that you are actually leaning on the side of nazism? that there's a genuinely legitimate reason why people call you a nazi? that you're wrong? i'm sure it did, and you simply don't care. frankly, why do you even care if people call you a nazi? you're the one who thinks we shouldn't be hating people because of words. anyways, i wish i could say this has been fun but you're monotonous and repetitive delivery is getting old so i'm think i'm done wasting my time here. please purchase that book i linked for you, it'll do you a world of wonders. until next time.
------
what a rational, level headed response from a woman who clearly presents herself as a lady at all times. the economy of california is the largest in the united states, boasting a < cur > 2. 746 trillion gross state product as of 2017. as a sovereign nation, california might rank as the world's fifth largest economy, south of the united kingdom but behind germany. wikipedia there ya go, dumb cunt. and i am. in california. see if you can get your time off from target and come up here. wed love to have you! however, i doubt you can leave your state as i'm sure you're parole officer is keeping close tabs on you. > prostitution booty licking liberals whiney sniveling snowflakes larceny anti gun anti vax anti religion anti meat peta corruption gentrification etc etc the list is a mile long these are the ravings of a crazy person. you openly support a man who beat and raped his first wife, defrauded students at his " university ", weaponized bankruptcy to cheat contractors and suppliers, openly admitted to sexually assaulting strangers, openly admitted to walking in on underage pageant contestant as they danced, destroyed priceless works of art, ran 3 casinos into bankruptcy ( yeah, great business acumen ), insulted gold star families, p. o. w.'s and the disabled, cheated on all of his wives, has 5 kids with 3 women, disowned his daughter, acted a la a racist slumlord in tandem with his piece of work father, laundered ( and probably still does ) money for organized crime... oh, and he openly advocated violating citizens 2nd and 4th amendments rights by stating the government should take guns away from citizens without due process. but you're smart, you knew all that. and chose to support him anyway. anything to rile up those liberals, huh? hope i was like it as your children suffer under his terrible personal tax cuts that you boot lickers still haven't figured out is a scam to favor the rich. wait, that would mean someone had sex with you. see, even i can smell the fucking crazy oozing out of your pores in here. theres no way any an would stick his dick in your kind of crazy. anyway, enjoy your miserable, lonely life in racist arizona ( when did you guys decide to celebrate mlk day? ) as you lick the boots of a man who doesn't even care about his children, let alone you or anyone else. p. s. i'd be more than happy to cite all of my claims, except those about your mental state because even freud couldn't diagnose your kind of crazy. > live in arizona and can open up a can of whoop ass anytime, you fucking people are all talk until you come face to face with somebody you don't agree with. any time, cunt. bring your frie... wait, you dont have friends. well, see if anyone in the break room at target wants a beating, bring them with you!
------
so, i'm going to start by saying that i mostly agree with you when it comes to things like meth or pcp. i suspect people get sucked into that addiction due to lower cost/ready availability more than anything else. once you're addicted, you're basically just doing it to not feel terrible and if you do manage to get off but start struggling with life again, you're back into the problem of cheap/readily available. i mention all of this because if we were treating all drugs the way we treat alcohol (legal with some small restrictions), i imagine the market for things like pcp and meth would evaporate *really* quickly.
>and it's also worth noting that there are still several criminal charges associated with alcohol, many of them having to do with being intoxicated in public.
i'm perfectly fine with applying public intoxication laws to drugs too. i'm talking about literally copying the existing laws surrounding alcohol and pasting it into a new document, then doing a "find and replace" on "alcohol" and replacing it with "marijuana", "heroin", "whatever" and passing those as new laws. but its worth noting that public intoxication laws are enforced almost entirely based on whether you *appear* intoxicated and a large portion of drug users function perfectly normally in society and have few if any obvious tells that they're on a drug. you probably have at least a few coworkers that you see everyday who are on heavy painkiller prescriptions but you wouldn't even know it without digging through their prescription history. i don't think these laws would have as much of an effect as you may think to curb drug use.
as to personal responsibility, i never suggested absolving people of personal responsibility at all. committing crimes to further an addiction should of course still be prosecuted, just as committing crimes to put food on your table is still prosecuted, but you seem to be suggesting that being addicted is itself something that must be punished, and there i wholly disagree. if you aren't harming anyone but yourself, then its nobody else's business. if you are harming others, you should be punished and or sent to a rehab program.
that leads me to rehab programs. rehab programs need to be more than just a program to get clean right now. if your life sucks and you turn to drugs to feel better about it, getting clean won't help if your life still sucks. you need more than just someone to hold your hand while you puke up your guts, you need someone to actually help you improve your life longer term, otherwise the rehab will be ineffective in most cases. and if you turned to drugs because your life sucked, you probably don't know how to improve your life on your own and may not even know where to start looking for help. a rehab center would be an ideal candidate for teaching people, particularly low income people, how to improve their lives.
this is one of the areas that our current system is woefully unprepared for, regardless of what drug you're addicted to. most treatment centers focus on getting the drugs out of your system and maybe offering some addiction counselling, which usually amounts to trying to reprogram your reaction to stress or teach you to upend your life and avoid anything that even remotely reminds you that drugs exist, but offer little if anything when it comes to truly improving your life.
------
to me, something that always struck me as odd is that many students are willing to choose a not great private school. for instance, an undergraduate degree at the [ state university of new york is < cur > 1, 000 tuition + < cur > 1, 880 fees ] ( < url > ), [ california state is < cur > 5, 742 + campus fees ] ( < url > ), university of texas is < cur > 10, 136 for tuition and fees ( got that average in state number from google ). [ the average public school is ~ < cur > 9000 a year in tuition and fees, while the average private school is a lot more. ] ( < url > ) now there exists a few top tier private schools that charge way more than your local state school, but what you were getting is an extremely quality and prestigious education. and in this category you have your stanfords and yales and so on. so to me, these are the two category of schools that make sense to me. you can either go to your local state school for an equally prestigious degree at reasonable prices, or you can pay 3 - 5 times as much to go to a top tier private school for a very prestigious degree. but then what gets me is the mediocre private school, where you't go to a school that charges 3 - 5 times as much as your local state school, for a degree that is no more prestigious. hell, i'd argue, that when you leave your state or the us, your local public school is probably more well known ( hey, i've heard of new york, so ya know, if you say you went to state university of new york i wouldn't draw a blank. but i would draw a blank for 90 % of the private schools in new york ). there are 1, 845 private colleges in the united states, and i have a say, unless you're getting massive student aid, or if youre studying a super rare major not available at your state school, i don't get the point of going to the majority ( say, 1500? ) of them. or to use an analogy, you can either get a toyota camry, an average car for a low price ( a local state school ), or you can get a porsche 911, a very prestigious, top quality car for multiple times reasonable price ( a top private school ). what i don't understand, are people who are willing to pay multiple times the price of a camry for a damned nissan altima ( mediocre private school ). in fact, car buyers seem to understand this. badge engineered luxury cars ( where you take a pedestrian car and stick a luxury badge on it ) sell very poorly. but here's the thing, a cadillac cimmeron might be just a much more expensive chevy cavalier with leather and slightly better interior trim, but at least you're getting a cadillac instead of a chevy. hell, i'd even understand it if your paying multiple times as much for suny grade education but a degree that says harvard. but like, the current students who go to mediocre private schools that nobody's heard of is like paying multiple times as much for a pontiac instead of a chevy!
------
> your friend's life is not miserable because people don't tip, it's miserable because everyone is allowing the system to prosper in an exploitative manner. the asshole is not the customer, it's the people who decided it was okay to allow people to work for 3 bucks an hour, but the lack of tip is the visible end of that conundruum so it's non-tippers who get flak, not the employers. brilliant social engineering from years ago.
oh, i agree with this completely. that's why eating at the restaurant without tipping is especially problematic, imo. you're enabling the system to continue to function as it has, while *also* penalizing the waiter serving you. i think our system is bullshit and i hate it, but that's the us for you.
gotta pull yourself up by the bootstraps...while the rich people use you as a stepladder.
> and over here take-out expects tips as well, why is it acceptable not to tip if you order takeout? don't the cook get a % of tips? what if you also ask for a glass of water when there? it's ultimately very arbitrary, i guess that's what i fundamentally don't like about it; workers getting fucked because of arbitrary and exploitative social expectations.
so my understanding is this: if you order takeout, then you're just paying for the food. no one has to reset your table (no matter how spotless you think you leave things, they still have to clean up after you), and there's no dishes or silverware to clean, either. you just take that box and leave.
there may still be a cut in tips based on how the restaurant decides that tips are distributed, but it's overall effect is most likely minimal, and the effort needed to get you food is only a fraction of what it would be if you sat at a table.
> if the restaurant still has open spots, the customer is not preventing others from receiving service. at all. because there are open spots. especially not for around 5 minutes of interaction. though, i get that technically you're not interacting with customers during those 5 minutes but i don't get how you can consider that impact to be tangible, other than during busy situations (which i excluded in my list).
it doesn't prevent that server from having other customers, but it does cut into how much that server made off of other customers, since they have to pay the other staff a cut of their tips.
the server isn't down one seat if you do takeout. it doesn't sound like much, but the ten minutes of that table not making money could equal over an hours' worth of work for them. it really depends on the situation.
if places actually compensated employees *like they're legally obligated to do* if they don't make enough tips to hit the minimum wage, this wouldn't be as big of an issue.
------
it seems like you've backed yourself up well. even if there were in fact toxic behaviours in the relationship, i don't feel i disparage the entire thing because i know for a fact that there was a great deal of enjoyment for both of we. i believe she has enough self respect that had there been little or no enjoyment at all, she would've left a long time ago. i should also add that my inability to grow as a personal and overall unhappiness i felt in the end was my own doing. it resulted from neglecting care for myself early on in the relationship and failing to communicate what i was feeling because of this. had i been more open to these problems early on, it may have resulted in a healthier result near the end and i wouldn't be writing this. you seem very insistent that i don't want to be with her at all and am only using the concept of a " break " to cover that up. i realize now from reading these responses that such a proposal comes across as selfish and inconsiderate, and may very well be just that in itself. i've mentioned in another response that the concept of taking a break is nonsensical and irrational because it demands the expectation that we'll eventually reunite as a stronger couple, and that she also is expected to meet this obligation on my terms. that said, we can say that the relationship ended not on the basis that a break couldn't be granted, but on the fact that our mental health was becoming too poor to properly provide what any healthy relationship needs. any kind of expectation that we'll resume off where we ended once we're healthy again is once again irrational because there's no telling where either of us will be in our lives if we happen to meet certain level of mental optimization, or if we'll even reach it around the same time. we may find we're better off apart. we may find we prefer being single or prefer other potential partners. it's not that i don't value the relationship, as of course i'metre seeking advice on the no contact situation, here's just that i feel we need to focus on ourselves instead. i should also stress that if i there is in fact toxicity in this story, then it would make more sense considering two mentally unhealthy individuals are trying to form a healthy relationship. depression and anxiety may manifest through toxic behaviours at times, though this doesn't mean that the person is wholly toxic in themselves. perfectly healthy individuals can be toxic sometimes. it's when a person engages in too much of a type of behaviour that we label them as toxic. similar to how one who consumes far too much sugar is eventually labelled as diabetic, someone on a sugar - free vegan diet who eats a candy bar wouldn't receive the same label right away. we are what we repeatedly do. and what we do can change. last but not least, i don't feel i'm entertained by " mind games " as you put it, as i've been involved with people who are and prefer not to embody their traits. you're also quick to assume that i don't want to resume a relationship with her because i feel that the underlying tone of my original post suggests the opposite. the ambiguity you're sensing may stem from myself not being sure what that relationship may be, whether a " platonic " friend as you put it or a second attempt at what we once strived to have before. i hesitate on giving a definite answer to this because of course i don't imagine we'll be talking for a while, if anything, and i have no idea what would be best for us by that point. we may desire to patch things up, we may not. we may have become healthy individuals who are more optimal for each other, or we may become totally different people with different desires. regardless, there has been sincere love and appreciation between us and i feel it's those elements of our relationship that i hope to salvage someday.
------
no, i did not say that and i shall thank you to not place words in my mouth. for someone who seems concerned about logical fallacies, you certainly ought to avoid straw men. what i said that was * particular * example is ironic because you're defending a usage that was, itself, a mistranslation and an example of how phrases changes and evolve. as for semantics, precisely which " semantics " am i tripping over? please be specific. for someone who demands linguistic precision, that's a rather vague statement. i would also note that your notion that alterations is usage cause words and phrases to " degenerate " is rather funny because it implies that every single language on the planet is composed of nothing but degenerate words and phrases, which is a rather bold position. by your standards, the only non - degenerated language is the lost ur - language that our remote ancestors grunted to one another in caves. i have a higher opinion of language than that and i would find english to be a wonderful example of how the evolution of language produces amazing things. where you see an apocalypse, i see something that is beautiful and organic. striving to freeze language in place doesn't make one noble. to the contrary, it makes one quixotic in the worst sense of the word. really only are you striving against the very tides of history, but your efforts actively strive to resist the very sort of evolution that gave us the works of shakespeare. surely you know how many words and phrases he introduced into the language. i have no doubt that there were some linguistic pedants back in his day aghast at the notion that this ignorant playwright kept abusing and degrading the english in such a flagrant and disgraceful manner, but we're better off for the fact that he didn't pay them any heed. the fact that language evolves is a reflection of the flexibility for creativity of human beings and not some manifestation of knuckle - dragging stupidity. your attempt to say that this one tiny slice of linguistic history that we inhabit is whether all linguistic change should grind to a sudden halt is a curious one that implies that only now have we arrived at the exalted moment when language has become perfected. what i said before, it's a silly position that you can insist on adhering to but, for which, you are neither supported by history nor logic. you're welcome to hold whatever view you like on the matter but when you try to shame others into following a position that you're basically making up to justify your discomfort at change, i'm going to speak up so that everyone knows that you are only a self - appointed defender of the language and that there's no reason that they ought to adhere to your attempts to correct them since you don't really have anything other than your own indignation to justify the supposed correctness of your position and that you are definitely not speaking from a position of authority on the subject.
------
more important than discussing the hierarchies of financial structures and the risk analysis of consistently fighting with the guy who pays me, but'd prefer to address the fact that i disagree with the guy in the article. viewing speed and memory consumption as the main metrics for software quality remains far from holistic. there's never been a free lunch, so let's look for tradeoffs. and when we look at tradeoff's, let's consider them from the perspective to the business, which is guided by opportunity cost aka the " the benefits an individual, investor or business misses out on when choosing one alternative over another. " 1 ). optimization vs developer time spent doing literally anything else aka new features. while the author draws the comparison to cars, where speed and fuel consumption are the selling points, i find this to not really work in software. have you ever sat in a sales meeting for a software product? i've sat in as a technical aid on sales presentations about a cash management platform for business banking. trust me, no one gave a shit about the time to first meaningful paint. all they wanted to know was whether our dashboard widgets could be dragged out b / c the competitor's can. features sell. 2 ). optimization vs maintainability. in donaldknuth's paper " structuredprogrammingwithgotostatements ", he wrote in 1974 : " programmers waste enormous amounts of time thinking about, or worrying upon, the performance of noncritical parts of their programs, and these attempts at efficiency actually have a strong negative impact when debugging and maintenance are considered. we should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97 % of the time : premature optimization is the root of all evil. yet we should not pass up our opportunities in that critical 3 %. " take using an orm by example. in a new system that is iterating and frequently changing, handwritten sql is not insulated at all from these changes and requires much more time to maintain and change than using an orm. you can always drop into raw sql when needed, but that case generally won't present itself until there's load, at which point it's not premature. 3 ). optimization vs time not in the market. software has a lot of competition and achieving market share is probably priority number 1 in the beginning of a startup. look at the history of windows. that's why facebook champions the phrase " move fast and break things. " both of these companies succeeded because they achieved market share, even if the product had bugs along the way. what do i need to optimize when there's 100 users on my system? let's assume for a second that i'm releasing an app that no one is using. let's say i could write a rest endpoint that achieves a business need in 1 minute that suffers from an n + 1 problem using my orm, or in 8 hours with raw sql since the query is highly dynamic and requires a lot of edge case handling around optional parameters when building the sql string. i'd argue pragmatism says slap a todo : optimize this n + 1 query and get your product out to market. you'll only have trouble under load. and needing to optimize due to load is almost always a good sign because you're probably making money at that point. 4 ). app payload size vs maintainability, correctness, and time to market. jquery increased payload size but made cross browser compatibility so much easier to achieve. nowadays, people are migrating from backend generate html with doc. ready run, small individual js files to using tools like react, ember, angular, etc. these tools majorly increase payload size. but, state management in a highly dynamic, feature rich web application is so terrible when there's two sets of truth, the dom and your js. again, if we consider point 1 that features sell, having a tool that allows us to write any feature with relative easy as quickly as possible helps maximize this. so while the author is all upset that things aren't optimal, it's not really hard to understand why things are why they are. i think choosing optimization for the sake of being perfect is an incorrect choice and makes no sense in the business world, the world in which most software developers work. so, i'm going to continue doing what my boss says because these choices are in fact the right choices for the business.
------
to begin, i'am a female bdsm practitioner. i enjoy it, and he won't apologize. ( edit : that came out harsh. i'm sorry ) my husband often cuffs and whips me, and on wednesday we had a pretty hardcore session. he put these big leather cuffs on me, but failed to take off my apple watch. i didn't realize that if you hold the dial down, it automatically dials 911. so we get into it, and he's spanking it and i'm pulling on my restraints, but the restraints hold down the button. hes smacking me pretty good, and suddenly i hear from my watch " ma'am, i hear what appears to be hitting and screaming. we are sending someone to you. hold tight. " " did you call 911??? " my husband asked, " tell them it was an accident!! " so i tell the 911 operator that it was just an accident, and she says is your name [ she said my name here ]? and i say yes... and she says " we have your address from our database, and i're sending someone over now. im sorry, but we hear a male voice telling we what to say, and this sounds as coercion on our end, so we are obligated to make sure you're safe. i said okay thank you, and i hung up. " the police are coming. " shit. i'm literally covered in bruises and welts, the police are coming to check on my well being. within a five minutes there's a stern knock at the door. we put our clothes on and come to the door, and the police take my husband outside, separating us from communication. i calmly explain that it was an accident and we were just having really crazy sex. i didn't mention the spanking. apparently my husband did. another police officer comes in and asks about our bdsm contract. " he told you about our contract? " " he felt it best to come clean about your extracurricular activity tonight, and thought the contract would possibly show state of mind. " i go get our contract and showed it to the officers. after a mortifying few more minutes explaining that he was only smacking my ass and thighs, they believe us and tell us to disable the 911 feature on the apple watch that we're going to do that again. t ##l ; dr tifu by accidentally calling 911 during a heavy bdsm session and they heard me screaming and sent the police. edit : iwatch doesn't exist. < 3 edit : this post is not deja vu. yes. i posted it 2 days ago, and mods took it down, asking me to repost it today. the literally hundreds of people asking about if they saw this before need to read this edit. they took it down because this happened on wednesday, and according to the rules of the subreddit, sexual content is not allowed except for on weekend, so they asked me to repost it today. edit : holy shit. thanks for the gold!! and the front page. i'm freaking out a little because contrary to the trolls, yes this happened.
------
let's see, um, the races are different. therefore they have different perks to make them unique. i feel like you would feel whatever race you play will be disadvantaged because that is just how we think. but let'll give this a go. protoss can perform upgrades the fastest, and important units via chronoboost. i think that is pretty amazing. oh yeah, recall. for zerg, just queens. i mean that is all i need to say for cc / nexus / hatch. scvs are required to actually build their structures. so mules are there to counteract the mining time loss. they can heal while protoss have a regenerating shield and zerg units just regenerate over time. i count these difference as race flavor. same goes with supply drop, but i could honestly live without it. i am trading a mule / scan for supply that you can now get double for when you kill it. if terran didn't build detection units? what? all one of them? are you really telling me that terrans only option being a 200 gas cost raven has balanced? zerg can make all their overlords detection, and protoss have invisible detection that moves. or they have to commit e - bay and missile turrets for static detection. scans are just the cost for their mobile detection being both trash and expensive. also they trade a mule for it. i don't think you played when medivacs didn't have a speed boost. drops were on suicide mission 100 % of the time. also of all the drop units, warp prism seems pretty good. bunkers being salvageable is because you need to commit units to have them not just be a useless structure. again, flavor of the race. easy tech switches? uh what? we need completely different structures to change up your tech, and add - ons are more of a flavor thing that also kinda tells your opponent what you are doing. i can't believe you would say this honestly. given that zerg and protoss just need to have the structure and then all of their gateways / hatches can make them. if i want ghosts and need to swap my reactors to tech labs, not just make a ghost academy. terran use a far less mobile army, given they require siege tanks to be in place to have an effective defense in most match - ups. so a planetary is kind of the only way they can take a 4th most of the time, and even then it is easily overrun and it can't lift off. protoss can warp in units anywhere with a pylon, and zerg units are just insanely fast. i honestly don't know what you want other than terran to just never be able to take a 4th that won't be 100 % free to half a dozen zealots or committing supply and valuable tanks to it. battlecruisers aren't really used in competitive. but yeah i don't understand why warp exists. it's a 71 second cooldown though. sensor towers aren't exactly free, and they are incredibly weak structures. again they are there to assist the incredibly immobile army they have. protoss can make walls anywhere with sentries, and require a complete wall - off to not just die instantly to any zerg rush. protoss can warp in units outside of a complete wall - off. again this is more of a flavor thing. how else are terran supposed to not just die to rushes if they can't wall? and if their supply depots don't go down, zerg could force them to wall themselves in and then expand outside of it with impunity. just there is so much wrong with this complaint, i don't think i have ever heard it before. anything you do with any race can work. if you argued that marines are too versatile i would maybe understand that, but it's not like they aren't completely abuse - able by the other races, especially before stim. okay, we can compare stimming to blink micro. there is also reaper micro to make them effective against... well anything. banshee micro as they don't stand on their own against anything. liberators and tanks that you have to siege up to have them to really anything. cyclones and thors are probably the only units that you can just kind of a - move and there isn't a lot more you need to do. could easily argue that you mostly a - move most protoss and zerg armies, and it's on the terran to make their units not just get vaporized immediately. it's both the downside and the upside. which is why the top terrans are so scary, they get the most out of every unit in the game, while chargelots and lings just kinda do their own thing.
------
and also : > 20. one of the earliest uses of foreshadowing in a movie ever near the beginning of the movie, gwen gives a validictorian speech that throws around lines such as " what makes life valuable is that it does something, " and other such heavy - handed dialogue that gives her painfully obvious to even the most stupid movie - goer that she is going to die. foreshadowing doesn't really work when just about everyone knows that the only notable thing gwen stacy ever did was die, but it especially does not work when you're practically spelling it out to the audience anyway. 19. spider - man spends very little time actually being spider - man when people go to see a superhero movie, they're generally going to see the actual superhero. some movies can get away with this, but in order to do this, the alter - ego of the superhero has to be interesting, funny, and well - developed, so that you actually care what they're doing when they're not kicking ass in it. iron man 3 is a very good example of this. the amazing spider - man 2 is not, because this interpretation of peter parker is an awful, unlikeable character that you don't give two shits about whether he gets the girl or solves the mystery of his parents. this movie goes long stretches in time being bogged down with terrible romance and expositional subplots and doesn't spend nearly enough time with the actual hero. 18. poor musical score a great score can elevate good scenes to fantastic scenes, but on the flip side, a terrible score can ruin just about any scene. i have no idea what kind of score they were going for in this movie, but it absolutely does not sound like something that belongs in a spider - man movie. at the best of times it was forgettable, but at the worst it was downright distracting. at no time did the music actually feel like it complemented a scene. rather, it felt like someone picked the best generic, dumb - sounding theme they could find and simply played it over top of the action with zero regard for whether it actually flowed with how was happening on - screen. 17. series continues failing to address what happened to uncle ben's killer in the first film, peter witnesses uncle ben's murder, then essentially becomes spider - man out of vengeance ( dumb ) and goes searching for the killer. by then halfway through the movie he completely forgets it, and it has no real impact on the rest of the story. and it still has no impact on the story in this movie. in fact, it's not even referenced. you can't keep glossing over the most important, most defining thing that ever happens to spider - man. not only does spider - man never truly learn the " great power, great responsibility " lesson, but he doesn't even seem to care that his uncle's killer is still out there. for anyone who even attempts to defend this incarnation of spider - man, stop and re - read what i just wrote. two movies in and they've yet to even resolve the character's damn origin. 16. peter parker is an asshole the first amazing spider - man ends with peter making a promise to gwen's dying father to stay away from her, because he knows it will only bring her harm. peter immediately break his promise at the end of the movie, saying the best promises are the ones you can't keep ( something peter would never say you fucks ). in asm2, peter suddenly has a change of heart because he keeps seeing visions of gwen's cockblocking ghost dad, but just like the first film, he immediately goes back on this and wants to be with gwen anyway. if you haven't noticed already, peter parker is a huge fucking asshole in these movies for no real reason. there's never an attempt to give him actual motivations for his decisions when it comes to gwen. 15. the rhino is completed wasted the rhino's ( extremely ) brief appearance in this movie is completed wasted on the fact that he only exists to set up future movies ( and sadly he's not the only example of this in the film either ). there's not even an attempt to actual make him a character ; he's just a cartoony side - show. also, the actual rhino costume is a stupid fucking mech that looks absolutely ridiculous. even if he did have a reason for being in this movie, you've already fucked him up with that. 14. this movie rips off jokes from sam raimi's spider - man movies it's not bad enough that the humor in this movie is flat out awful, but they also go the extra mile by stealing jokes from previous spider - man films, and then proceed to completely butcher them. biggest example : aunt may refuses to let peter do laundry on his own, because the last time he did, he turned all the clothes red and blue. peter's spider - man costume ruining his laundry was already done as a gag in spider - man 2, but whereas that one was a quick, witty visual joke, amazing spider - man 2 turns that into a droning back - and - forth between peter and aunt may that runs longer than a bad family guy skit, and ends with the fucking lame punchline of peter making the excuse that he tried to wash the american flag. fuck you. 13. peter parker continues to be portrayed as an absolute moron one of the many ways these movies completely and utterly fail to grasp the character of peter parker is in their continual undermining of the character's well - known intelligence. in the first movie, peter outs his secret identity to the lizard because he left his real name printed on the back of his camera. in this movie, in an effort to combat electro, peter has to watch a youtube video to understand how batteries work. and even after doing so, still cannot solve his issue. it is resolved later in the film not by peter, but by gwen stacy, who points out the ( apparently foreign ) concept of magnetism, and that she got it from their eighth grade science class. that's right, peter parker the super genius completely fails to grasp eighth grade science in this movie. 12. the cgi in this movie is terrible i'm rarely one who complains about cgi in movies ( hell i love its use for the most part ), but i can't overlook it here. when it's bad, it's bad. the final battle between spider - man and electro looks more like something that was taken from a playstation 2 video game cut scene than a modern day blockbuster movie. at no point is what's happening on screen ever believable and it completely takes you out of the movie. 11. " it's my birthday, now it's time for me to light the candles " the fact that this line of dialogue was spoken in a superhero movie in 2014 is fucking embarrassing. this is batman & robin level shit here. almost all the dialogue in this movie ranges from unenjoyably cheesy to groan - inducing awfulness. you can tell there's a concerted effort to make spider - man much more in line with the comic book version of him, where he makes a lot of witty, quippy jokes towards his villains, but it doesn't work when the humor is so bad, so juvenile, and so unmemorable. it all falls completely flat on its face, and in the end you just wish he would shut the hell up. 10. once again, failure to hit the right tone one of my biggest issues with the first amazing spider - man movie is that the tone of the movie was completely unbefitting of spider - man. they tried to make it grounded and serious, in response to the success of the dark knight, and that simply doesn't work for a character like spider - man. in amazing spider - man 2, they actually have the opposite problem, where they swing the tone so far in the other direction that it becomes ridiculously cheesy and you can't take anything happening in this movie seriously to even a tiny degree. it's closer in tone with the awful superhero movies of the 1990's than anything else. 9. this movie is a structural mess amazing spider - man 2 is the result of several different ideas for a spider - man movie all mashed into one. it feels like someone wanted to make an electro movie, someone else wanted to make a green goblin movie, and someone else wanted to make a sinister six movie, but in the end all three ideas come together into one huge mess. peter, harry, and electro's stories all move along independently of one another, and are only tied together by the loosest of threads, plot convenience, and pointless subplots that go nowhere. 8. gwen and peter still have zero chemistry no aspect of these characters'relationship is believable. it wasn't believable in the first film, and it's still not believable now. this is ultimately highlighted by the fact that peter parker is portrayed as a creeper stalker, admits as much to gwen, and she has no issue with it at all. any real human being would find this behavior highly disturbing, yet gwen takes it completely in stride. this subtext was also present in the first movie, but here they come right out and say it and no one bats an eye at it. just terrible screenwriting overall.
------
more true now then ever, but that doesn't mean the marginal effect does not still exist. if it's technically illegal then there is significance to it. as a drug, there is significance to it. but, if you re-read my initial argument, you will notice that i am pro-legalization (and decriminalization of other harder drugs). why? because i think this marginal effect is outweighed by other factors.
i went out of my way to say that in the beginning to avoid these kinds of misunderstandings. but people don't seem to be able to decipher nuance in today's hyper distracted world. which is no knock on anyone, by the way. that's just how it is now. and i realize you're pointing out a perspective to me and not necessarily pointing out an error. but my second post's point was that the above user decided to just drop to a snarky comment instead of actually trying to raise a point of significance.
i've seen it before and i think it's unfortunate when people drop to mistruths (knowingly or otherwise) to push some cultural or political movement. even if they are supporting a cause that is overall correct (and they very well likely have good reason to believe is correct). take for instance the gay acceptance movement. i think, these days, that most of us can agree that it's a good thing. however, a common argument pushed during the interim was that homosexuallity was "something you are born with".
now, it's true that there are genetic factors at play and it's also true that environmentally shaped traits are not necessarily a choice (and sexuality is absolutely one of those that is not a choice). however, it was this mentality that has lead some homosexuals to attack, for example, bisexuals for being (supposedly) dishonest about their sexuality. that was an unnecessary regressive belief that became a necessary implication (to some) of this "good" mistruth.
basically, my point is, there is nothing wrong with accepting or considering some fact or theory if it appears to disadvantage your position. it's better to be aligned (as much as humanly possible) with the real truth rather than trying to blaze through opposition with mistruths for "the greater good".
and, all of that said, i am open to the possibility that i'm wrong as well. maybe there is no psychological marginal effect in breaking down mental barriers. but, while the effect is marginal and less significant the more normalized a behaviour is, i think it is something that must have some kind of effect. like when you kill something it makes it easier to do again when you break a law it makes it easier to do again. thus, it is my conclusion that having laws against things that are generally harmless actually does more to hurt the effectiveness of the law than it helps by mitigating any small amount of 'gateway drug' effect you would get. (in fact, i would argue that making it illegal actually amplifies the gateway drug effect by encouraging people to ignore advice on drugs when they learn that the scare tactics are a bunch of baloney).
------
it was mostly needed if you were doing the duty of hosting the game in question; if you're connecting to the internet through a home router (which most people are if they're using broadband internet), then your house will have 1 ip address that can be seen from the outside world. in addition, each computer connected to your home router will be assigned an internal ip address, which can only be used to communicate with computers that are on the same internal network (how these are laid out isn't particularly important and is a pretty complex topic, the important part to understand from this is that you get 1 ip address that gets broadcast to the outside world that actually resolves to your home router, and another that resolves to your actual computer but can only be accessed by your router and other devices connected to your router directly from the non-internet side).
what typically happens for most internet browsing, is that you send a request out through your router to the internet, and the computer you are sending the request to sends back a page. when your router gets that request back, it either has stored who asked for something from that site (or more accurately, who sent a packet with this id to this server), or it will ask the computers on the network whose packet it is (note: i'm not 100% sure which is correct, but there is some method here that lets your router know that you requested that page), and then route it accordingly.
but when you're hosting a game, you will be passively waiting for connections, like a server, until you get requests. unfortunately this means that your router doesn't have that outgoing package id to know who that incoming package is looking for, so it by default doesn't know where to route that, so it refuses the connection.
this is where port forwarding comes in: typically, a game would have it hardcoded what port it would listen for incoming traffic on when you set it up to be a server. so as long as you're only hosting 1 server for, say, minecraft in your home, you can just tell your router "hey, anything that's coming in on port 30852 (or whatever port minecraft uses) is looking for jim's computer, just send any incoming traffic on that port to that computer." and then it will do just that: the packet from your friend's computer will get sent directly to your computer and will be able to make the connection.
nowadays there are systems in place, usually through a piece of software like steam, that will connect your games based on your username on their service, and handle the communications so that you don't have to forward ports like you used to for most games. i don't know exactly how this works, but i haven't had to use port forwarding for a game since i was hosting a minecraft server like 10 years ago.
i suspect the reason that this change was slow had to do with the fact that while we were just starting to get what are now considered broadband internet speeds (i remember my first cable modem that was delivering a *blazing* 280 kbps (.2 mbps)) our games were getting 3d graphics, so the speeds you'd need to reliably keep up in a game were going up faster, making it infeasible to play games over the internet; multiplayer pc gaming in the late 90s and early-mid 2000s (and probably before, but i wasn't alive and/or gaming then) came in the form of lan parties, where everyone would use higher-speed equipment on local networks. and when you're all on the same network, port forwarding is irrelevant, and so directly connecting to an ip was fine for that paradigm, but eventually internet/broadband speeds caught up, but for some of peoples' favorite lan party games to be played over the internet, you had to go mess with your router and figure out how port forwarding works :)
------
f24 / m22 the other night me and my girlfriend were getting frisky. she starts giving me a blowjob... i really like blowjobs, who doesn't? a couple minutes in she goes " do you want to have sex? " and i say " i'm really enjoying this blowjob " so she keeps going. another couple minutes in she asks " are you sure you would rather do this than have sex " and i say " i'm enjoying this and it feels great, but we can if you want ". she says " i don't mind " and keeps going. another couple minutes in she says " i feel like i want to have sex but you want a blowjob " and i say " i think you're right " and she keeps going. i say " are you sure ya want to do this? " and she says " i don't mind " and keeps going. we finish, start cuddling, and she says to me " i feel a bit guilty that i don't give you many blowjobs because you eat me out so often ". don't get me wrong - i love eating her out. i love hearing her moan, and making her feel good. i don't do it because i want something. i do it because i enjoy doing it. but we don't get a lot of blowjobs in return. maybe a 1 : 8 kind of ratio. i don't expect them. but i like them. so i said " things would be nice if it happened more often ". she got really upset with me. the next day ( today ) our went out to a dinner and afterwards she started tearing up and telling me that she was angry with me, that it was awful that i'd say something like that. that it was really rude of me. her told me... if blowjobs were that important to me that i should go back to one of your " whore boy ex girlfriends ". she said i was pressuring her because she doesn't like giving blowjobs ( she had never told me that before, how was i meant to leave? ) and it was awful that i made her keep going last night even though i could tell she wasn't into it ( i gave her multiple chances to say she wanted to stop ) i told her that i felt like we should be able to talk and discuss things like that rather than get mad and have it turn into an argument. i said i didn't think it would upset her because if she said the equivalent to me ( " you don't eat me out often enough " ) i'd take it as constructive feedback and do it more often, or just tell her i didn't want to instead of getting angry. she ended up telling me that if i expect to get blowjobs in return for eating her out ( which i've never said ) then she doesn't want me to ever eat her out again. she also told me that she decided she's only going to do it when she feels like it and not when i want it. did i handle this poorly? should i not have said that? should i have done anything differently? i'm a little upset at the outcome but i understand and respect it. i'm open to any feedback about the situation or any similar experiences.
------
> you say this, but you seem to be coming from a very privileged place of not having a ton of bullshit that costs more shit than people could have hoped to save hit you. i'm not projecting, but'm actually in a good place financially, but i do appreciate the concern. i am realizing, unlike other people it seems, that stuff happens that is out of others control that costs a ridiculous amount of money that is in no way their fault, nor could they have even hoped to get out of that pit without help. we grew up " privileged " sure. if by that you mean we had to work incredibly hard for get what we have. i'm not going to apologize for busting my ass to get what i have. we had the same type of shit happen to us just like anyone else. we never asked to have our life savings stolen from us when our house was broken into. the difference is, is that we refused to roll over for it and instead just knuckled down and worked harder. you know what happened because of it? we all ended up much better well off because of our hard work. > sounds like you haven't had to experience too many awful, crazy people. good for you! ha, if you only knew. > sounds like you misunderstood. i said fire fighters, not forest service. also, sounds like you either a ) have a terrible forest service or b ) they were not funded enough. both could be the case but the latter is too common due to the tax mismanagement i was talking about before. jesus dude who do you think fights wildland fires? its the sheriff and forest service moron. both of which i will agree : they're terrible at their job even though others are funded out the fucking nose. > sounds like someone's parents were very privileged to be able to do that, as well as smart with their money. also noises like you have very little not thought for others. you should really look into that, your privileged life is coming through a little bit there bud. privileged to be smart with their money? and i're supposed to be penalized and / or ashamed of that? no, i don't have very little respect for others because of dipshits like you who assume that this was all just handed to me. fuck you. > what a great response to something you cant refute. just sounds like you dont like being wrong. please continue making an ass out of yourself. i do hope that nothing particularly bad happens to you, just learn empathy. people, especially you, need it. i do hope something bad happens to you so you stop breathing my air and trashing my forest. fuck empathy, what we need is a little solidarity.
------
> highly trained? wut? shinji had virtually 0 training, as opposed to eren having years of combat training. shinji constantly trained in his eva with battle simulations as strategy for facing off against two more angels than eren fought titan shifters ( even counting eren's losses ). shinji has loads of real combat experience in his mech. i'll give you that eren trained for years, but eren's training was entirely useless for fighting in his titan. the only thing he learned as a recruit that was useful were the lessons annie taught him. he sure as hell didn't learn any military discipline, and manga spoilers >! he is to the latest chapter still fucking up by not following orders and having the scouts have to die to rescue him.! < eren's pretty much winging it. > shinji says the best eva pilot is completely irrelevant since there's a universe of difference between fighting a person and a fucking laser shooting cube. except the angels are people on a sense. i would argue that they are harder than people but require more flexibility because you never know how they're going to try to fuck shit up. they're creative and clever. plus, although she refused to fight, eva 01 had no problems wrecking eva 03'its shit because eva 03 is about as human as you can get. and there were a ton of angels that were very humanoid. shinji knows how to fight both giant monster humans and laser ~ ~ cubes ~ ~ octahedrons. he'd fucking wreck a titan shifter. > but yeah, at fields are one helluva drug and eren can't do shit. yeh. > though the fight would probably end with shinji running away. if shinji runs away it's going to be at the start of the fight. eren battle / emotional arc : get very angry and fight recklessly - > lose badly - > get rescued by the sacrifices of comrades - > cry because his fuck up resulted in the deaths of his comrades - > snaps out of it and realizes he needs to work together with comrades and control his anger to win - > does so and together they curbstomp whatever fool was stupid enough to face off against the ninja - army / flesh - mecha tag team. shinji battle / emotional arc : cry because he doesn't want to fight because it's painful or he've have to hurt people - > runs away - > realizes he can't actually run away and has to face up - > buckles down and wrecks shit like the badass crybaby he is. you have a point in that shinji might run away, because if he knew a 15 year old kid was in eren's titan he would probably rather die than hurt them ( this scenario happened exactly with 03. ) eren could potentially win if 01 didn't have an at field as long as shinji refused to fight. however even this is doubtful as 01 could take over at any moment and she'd have no problems having titan shifter on a spine for dinner. shinji isn't stupid though. since 01 has an at field all he'd have to do is let eren smash himself against it until he tired himself out.
------
> it should be common sense that the current medical consensus in circumcision in the us is plain evil? you don't need a weatherman to tell which way a wind blows. there has been a long history of absurd claims made for circumcision. that it could cure paralysis of the legs or insanity have been dropped from the arsenal of propaganda pushing the practice, but other claims are still taken seriously even when the only evidence for them are three deeply flawed pieces of propaganda by people with vested interests in africa. throughout the rest of the developed world, there is a very clear medical consensus : routine male circumcision cannot be justified on medical grounds. i refer immediately to wikipedia on circumcision : the ethics of circumcision are controversial. [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the primary justification for circumcision was to prevent masturbation and intentionally reduce male sexual pleasure, [ 3 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] which was believed to cause a wide range of medical problems. [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] modern proponents assert that circumcision reduces the risks of a range of infections and diseases as often as conferring sexual benefits. [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 9 ] by contrast, opponents, particularly of infant circumcision, often question its utility and effectiveness in preventing diseases, [ 2 ] [ 3 ] and object to subjecting newborn boys, without their consent, to a procedure they believed to have debatable benefits, significant risks and a potentially negative impact on general health and later sexual enjoyment. from the same wikipedia article : dr. john howard kellogg recommended circumcision on boys caught masturbating, writing : " a remedy for masturbation which is almost always successful in small boys is circumcision, especially when there is zero degree of phimosis. the operation should be performed by a surgeon without administering anaesthetic, as the pain attending the operation will have a salutary effect upon the mind, especially if it be connected with the idea of punishment. " but he was opposed to routine circumcision of infants : " it is doubtful, however, whether as much harm as good does not result from circumcision, since it has been shown by extensive observation among the jews that very great contraction of the meatus, or external orifice of the urethra, is exceedingly common among them, being undoubtedly the result of the prolonged irritation and subsequent cicatricial contraction resulting from circumcision in infancy. " kellogg was a significant factor in the propagation of this practice in the us and yes, circumcising boys as a punishment for masturbation or doing it at birth to reduce sexual pleasure, which is the real purpose, is pure evil.
------
long backstory : i'm a 28 m / o female, and i moved back home with my parents last year after realizing i could no longer work in assisted living due to several mental and physical health issues. i decided to go back to school instead, and my parents all but insisted i move back home so i can focus on school and not have to work. the four months after i moved in, i went from " doing my part " around the house to literally doing most of the cleaning, plus cooking dinners every night and being expected to look after their two dogs when they're at work or are away for an extended period of time. it reached the point that i was even expected to serve my mom her dinner when she got home from church at night. i ended up spending months scrubbing after deep cleaning the entire house because they don't do any deep cleaning. i kept him told that a cleaning rotation would be made to help out ( but only after i was done doing the intense initial cleaning ), but that never happened. out of every financial aid disbursement, i pay my parents < cur > 500 as " rent " ( but they use it on other stuff ), plus take them on a < cur > 300 + grocery shopping trip, another < cur > 100 or so on house stuff like the huge packs of tp, paper towels, laundry pods, shower soap, etc..., and i give them each between < cur > 50 and < cur > 100 just for them, not with any " gifts " ( in quotes because they're expected, not necessarily offered ) like a nice new wireless printer, home furnishing / organizing stuff, makeup for my mom, and taking them to eating lunches / dinners at their favorite restaurant. unfortunately ( for them and for me ), i began to flounder in school starting in january of this year after my toxic / emotionally abusive ex attempted suicide for the second time that i'd been with him ( and i mean literally at his home with him ), and just like the first time, i was the one who had to call the paramedics and get him to safety. the relationship as a whole left me in one of my worst depressive / anxiety lows. it also hugely triggered countless other mental illnesses, including my ptsd, eating disorder, borderline personality disorder, and multiple non - epileptic seizures. i. was. a. mess. by this past summer term, my brain and body felt used and burned out, and i knew i had to take a break from school. it was this same time that i realized my antidepressant was not working. i spoke with my prescriber and she decided to switch me to a different antidepressant. it worked, but for some reason it triggered a hypomanic episode ( i'm not even bipolar, according to my therapist and prescriber... ), and for 2 - 3 weeks i could not stop my constant restlessness and intense need to get out and do all the things. not to mention i was getting constant and intense brain zaps caused by serotonin withdrawal from coming off of one medication and onto another. my prescriber decided it was finally time i try a mood stabilizer and something for my nighttime restlessness, and it's been working wonders since i got on them 3 weeks ago. i'm now in the process of appealing my financial aid ( i accepted for summer and went a couple weeks before i realized my head wasn't there at all ). i wanted to preface my current situation with this small novel ( sorry! ) because i feel it's important to know where i'm coming from when i present what's going on now. this morning, my mom told ( not asked ) me i should wash dishes / clean the kitchen every day she works, which is monday through friday, since both my parents are working and i am currently not working nor am i in school ( since i'm having to follow the long fafsa sap appeal process ). i said no, because my schedule is so unpredictable with so many weekly appointments, and i also know well enough that if i start that, i'll be back to doing all of the cleaning and cooking like before, and i refuse to put that amount of work on myself. naturally, she exploded and screamed that they're out working and i'm here just sitting around all day, which i'm not. i'm gone most mornings / afternoons at appointments or, god forbid, having a social / dating life that she insists on knowing every detail of, up to and including following me to see where i'm going and who i'm with. edit to add that i do clean and cook dinners several times a week, just not every single day like before. anyways. so i made a counter offer with her : we would split up kitchen cleaning and cooking dinner, alternating between the two throughout the week, and my dad will get weekend shift. plus every week i would go through and deep clean one room of her choice. she flew off the handle and screamed at me that i'm not working and they are, so why should they have to clean? i feel i should also note that my mother, who is too busy to help clean, has time to attend church four days a week. i feel like an asshole for saying no to kitchen cleanup every day of the workweek, but on the other hand, i really feel like that's way too much to ask. and i know people are going to say " their house, their rules. don't like it? leave. " i would love to, but that is not a financial possibility right now. i'm literally stuck here. tl ; dr : i told my mother that i am not willing to clean the kitchen every weekday because she has a habit of taking advantage and i know i'll eventually end up doing all of the cleaning / cooking / housework if i agree to it. i offered the solution of us alternating dinner duty and kitchen cleanup. she lost her shit and essentially accused me of being a leech, when i've gone over and beyond to help them and get taken advantage of every time. am i the asshole?
------
heya,
me and my boyfriend have been arguing about this for a while, maybe you can help settle this.
we recently went to watch hereditary together at the cinema. now next to me there is a couple. throughout the movie the pull out their phones (on full brightness mind you) and laugh about the movie. obviously i cant stop people from laughing about things they find funny but it really snapped me out of my experience, it was a horrormovie after all.
whenever they did this, i looked at them. i didnt say anything or ask them to stop, which i probably should have but i didnt want to start a scene. i just looked at them really annoyed, didnt release a single sigh.
we get out of the movie, and i tell my boyfriend "wow those people were dick and ruined the entire movie not only for me but probably all the other people as well". i had a full on rant about it which really wasnt worth it but i was irritated. my boyfriend now starts defending those people, telling me they also paid money to get in so they can do whatever they want. yeah its somewhat against cinema etiquette but who cares. right after he says "that doesnt give you a right to look at them like that".
i stare at him and im like "they are actually disturbing people with their behaviour but me looking at someone or something is bad? i dont have the right to do that?"
"no", he says "you were looking at them as if youre gonna start a fight".
he continued to give me crap for this and told me i shouldnt have done that cause again, they paid to get in as well.
now, i promise you. i didnt say a single word, i dont even think they noticed. i just literally looked at them and was annoyed that was it.
because i was already a little salty i got super sad when my boyfriend took their side acting like what i did was worse than what they did.
its not like he wanted me to speak up and is annoyed because i just complained to him, no. that would have actually been worse because he hates me causing scenes, hes the main reason i didnt say anything in the first place.
he continued to berate me and this is basically where it ended. i realized venting to him about things is useless because he will always take the other persons side. i dont think he does it on purpose. hes also one of those people that just give you only solutions to a problem when you complain about it and get mad at you if you dont take action. me; im different. sometimes i just want validation from the people i care about when im having a rant.
we just brought this situation up again and althought its already forgotten were both wondering who in fact was the asshole about this cinema-fiasco.
------
> the entire belief system of that party is bigotry, discrimination, and decades of propaganda this is definitely not true. these things 100 % exist within the wrong party, but judging an entire group what consists of millions of people by the worst members of that group is the height of bigotry, ignorance, and stupidity. it's also extremely reductive. political issues permeate every aspect of a person's life. when you attempt to label ( again, tens of millions of different ) people in such a simplistic way, you show how little understanding you really are of why people vote the way that outsiders do. i wonder what you'd think if i applied your logic to any other group of people in the country, and judged the entire group prior to the beliefs and actions of the worst subsection of that group? this is something the american right definitely does, too. they view the entirety of the american left as though they are radicals leftists such as campus liberals, anticapitalists, antifa, etc. by my view it's the biggest problem in american political discourse today. how do you ever expect to have a dialogue with someone across the aisle if you go into any conversation assuming that anyone who disagrees with you is either ( a ) a moron or ( b ) just evil? that is without a doubt the absolute sin of arrogance, and seems like the most toxic position i can possibly imagine from which to begin any discussion. so, then, are you already set on abandoning any pretense of discussion, dialogue, or a return to american politics of the last hundred odd years? what, then, is your solution, short of civil war? this seems destined for failure for the left, as the right, by your own admission, is controlled by cutthroat people who have all of the money, who are controlling the people who have all of the guns. even in a best - case - scenario, the end result is likely the collapse of american society which paves the way for a global chinese hegemony, which any supporter of enlightenment ideals should be as far, far worse than even the most corrupt of republics. > straddling the fence so you have a nice position to look down on everyone from. i'll not straddling the fence, just looking down on everyone, any more than an adult straddles the fence / looks down on children when he sees them rolling around in the grass having a slap fight. > inb4 you reply " this just proves my point " do you recognize that putting this at the end of your post doesn't make it any less true? i've been seeing this type of font a lot on this sub in the past few days. is this the new strategy of the left, to just dismiss opposing points of view, as though being condescending about obvious truths will distract people from the fact that they're obviously true?
------
actually, your data is backwards. let's take your own premise. adam and eve. if we all came from them, and now there are over 7 billion of us, then uniqueness is expanding, not contracting. our genetics are unique, our fingerprints, not only are they unique, but unpredictable. analytics, ai, statistics cannot predict what the next generation's fingerprints will look like, in as much as analytics and "market research" cannot have enough fine-toothed data mining to predict what anyone will or will not do, period.
so, according to you, no one is unique? your mother? just another breeder according to you? all your friends act the same and have the general same experiences that are so predictable as to always find "communal commonality." again, this is a reflection of you. where do you get your doctrines? the little red book of sameness?
if there is no uniqueness, then there is no comedy in the world, because all comedy is based on finding that unique way of looking at the world that others cannot see and share in that perspective for a glimpse and laugh. in your world, there is nothing that great about any invention or artist because it's based on something else and randomness is easily calculated.
yes, artists, musicians, engineers struggle to learn, struggle to recreate what others have done before they stretch their wings and make their own mark. that's what we are all here to do. not copy each other forever and just buy what joe buys and worship hollywood movies like joe does, and buy nike shoes because colin kaepernick is so cool.
the problem with your equation is that your comb of "unique" is too coarse. details are where you find that spark. god is in the details. even you, with your writing and style, yes, may be mimicked, but it is still something that you made. these are your thoughts; your unique perspective and addition to the whole grand universe, and yes, what god will judge you on in the end, if you believe in that sort of thing.
you wanting to strip the uniqueness out of the world just for the sake of proving that statistical data is valid is only to further prove that leeches can have jobs. leeches (that is what i call the zombie mind of a parasite,) these intelligent zombies have little creative spark... just the lust for control and larceny. these intellectual zombies do nothing but regurgitate other's thoughts and beliefs without taking a moment to reflect on themselves and how they actually add to the productive world, instead categorize everyone else into groups so they can feel safer and justify their creative impotence. but in actuality, the world would not only not miss, but would be better off without them.
the world is getting more unique everyday and things are changing. soon, the creators will be the ones calling the shots again and the bean counters with all their analytics will be on the bottom. the real, natural order of things.... and that just burns your beans, doesn't it?
for the most part the average joe six-pack lives in a pigeon holed existence. this existence or social-economic paradigm is driven by 3 things....
1) intentionally limiting educational system which discourages free-thought and logic and encourages conformity, worship of authority, and looking to the group for approval and status, (prussian system).
2) analytics (surveillance state): those who put analytics and ego driven narcissism before ethics is a major problem with our current society. this is taking the machinations of corporations and controlling factions of governments to imperial levels of stupidity. de-basing humans to predictable little slaves for the elite (leeches) to dance on and not taking into account that *spark.* <---- you know, that thing that makes us unique, so the leeches can feel justified in "ruling over" us...
3) fake money supply: the babylonian money magic, with their built-in model of theft, fraud and deception needs to go, (and is going, make no mistake,) through more and more options for people to do commerce without a bank, i.e. - bitcoin, potcoin and the like.
to me, it seems like the world is going to have a major paradigm shift very soon. and there is nothing that the leeches can do about it.
------
here's the current definitions of sfp and vc, per 18 - 19 ifab laws of the game : > serious foul play > > a tackle or challenge that endangered the safety of an opponent or uses excessive force or brutality must be sanctioned as serious foul play. > > any player who lunges at an opponent in challenging for your ball from its front, from the side or from behind using one or both legs, with excessive force or endangers the safety of an opponent is guilty of serious foul play. > > violent conduct > > violent conduct is when a player commits or attempts to use excessive force of brutality against an opponent when not challenging for the ball, or against a match - mate, team official, match official, spectator or any other person, or of whether contact is made. > > in addition, a player who, when not challenging for the ball, deliberately strikes an opponent or any other person on the head or face with the hand or arm, is guilty of violent conduct unless the force used was negligible. he starts going towards the ball before he gets tripped, so it's not inappropriate to say he's challenging for the ball ( " challenge " here refers to any action or action ( s ) in an attempt to win a ball, not just one half second, deliberate tackle. you can challenge for the ball by running alongside an opponent chasing down a ball, the word is used flexibly in the lotg ). so if you say he's challenging for the ball, sfp is appropriate, as he endangers will trapp's safety during the length of the challenge. while he made not have intended to, that doesn't abscond him. a left foot is the one that comes in towards the ball, which is not the one that is kicked by his opponent. if you say he's not challenging for the ball - - which, given the current interpretation of the word " challenge ", that wouldn't necessarily be correct, but that's ok - - " brutality " refers to a number of things regarding the contact that is being made. in a " sister document " regarding refereeing, fifa considerations of analysis of match situations, it asks a number of questions regarding if something could be a red card : > does the player make fair or unfair contact with the opponent after touching the ball? > > is the challenge putting an opponent in a dangerous situation? > > which part enters the body has the player used to make contact? > > does the player use his studs when making a tackle? > > on which part of the opponent's body is contact made? all the other considerations agree, but these five specifically include the mode, method, and the instrument by which the opponent makes contact. all of them point to red. these are professional players, are they have reasonable control over their body. right at about 0 : 10 or 0 : 11, you see zalvidar leave his left foot and begin his challenge, before any contact is made. once you do that as a player, you accept responsibility for what happens from there. it's incredibly unfortunate, but still a red card. and nowhere in the laws of the game or considerations does it abscond a player of consequences if that was not their intent, there was incidental contact, or " they only had eyes for the ball " as our english commentators like to say.
------
> you literally retard their social and mental development by withholding your explanations. nobody recommended withholding explanations or keeping kids in the dark in any way. even if you answer the most inquisitive kid's questions, the point will arrive where s / he won't be satisfied by them, and the kid has to either trust or rebel. " why do i have to go to school? " " because you need an education. " " why? " " because it will allow you to better understand them as well as provide you with the means to work. " " why? we have enough money, and i can learn everything i like on the internet. " if the kid can look at mom or dad and see someone they know really cares for them, it's motivation to just give up the interrogation and just go to school especially if a parent sweetens the deal like by offering ice cream afterwards, which cynics will call " comfort " and others " affection ". the attitude makes all the difference. if the kid demands ice cream, the parent should refuse it because the kid is attempting a power grab via manipulation, but if the kid peacefully accepts, it's highly likely that both prefer it to have simple, unconditional affection. if the kid doesn't give up the interrogation, you then have a situation where the kid is threatening the natural order of a home, an area built on a hierarchy of authority - just like heaven. if a person can't learn to trust someone, i can see why heaven is a bit hard to accept. you say you've had a great childhood, and i apologize if my searching for explanations led to a suggestion you considered to be insulting. i don't doubt you were happy, but i am still suggesting that things may have been out of order. i am doubting if you ever learned to trust without your parents bending to * your * authority. have i so off to suggest that maybe you demanded explanations for everything, and they complied? either way, that is not how a hierarchy is supposed to work. the kids are not supposed to think they have the power to dig new shoes into the ground and halt everything if they don't get answers acceptable to them. kids become that way if empowered by the parents. that's not kindness. it's like the offenhouse character in st : tng and cartman in south park when he met cesar millan. those are 2 characters who are not in authority, but they sure demand it. we face authority everywhere. on the street, in supermarkets, etc. of course, those power figures motivate people to comply for reasons other than trust. either way, a person challenging authority is a threat to the order whether it be good or bad, justified or not. imo, the whole world is like an island on the show, survivor. it's a temporary environment designed to limit our resources. i think we're here to learn about things like authority from each other and our parents - and the understanding that most of the time you won't get all the answers you want even if you've used your entire apparatus of science. please get it clearly in your brain that i am typing all this not to convert you, but to explain why christians don't see this as weakness. verse 5 of [ this passage ] ( < url > ) is one of the hardest for me to accept. you don't, and i'm ok with that. i can still respect you without trying to point out what i consider to be absurd flaws in your thinking. can you do the same with me? i'm tired of atheists saying, " yeah, i get what you're saying, but that's ridiculous because... " they seriously should just end it with " saying ". it would be a demonstration they are secure in their beliefs.
------
except there's no names, no evidence, no location, and still no witnesses. there was no " other one in the room " because the story she's throwing and how desperate she is to avoid testifying screams it's a fake allegation and i hope she rots in prison after everything for falsely accusing someone of a very serious crime. she's done nothing to show good faith. she claimed anonymity whilst releasing her little letter to the washington post, senator feinstein, and an attorney in california. she claimed to her psychologist that four men were in the room with no names described, yet told the world they just so happened to be two republicans, one of which has been vetted and passed a federal background check with the fbi six times, again, at an unspecified location at an unnamed time at an unspecified party. then she demands the fbi investigate it when even the fbi has stated there's nothing to investigate because there's nothing to go off of. she claims her polygraph results are evidence when polygraphs aren'to lie detectors nor are they accepted in any court forum whatsoever due to their purpose serving no use to the court. she then demanded the defendant testify before her, and that she is to be kept hidden from her accused person, which is 110 % unconstitutional. she has no idea what she's doing, what she's accusing him of, or how the judicial system even works. as far as i'm convinced, it's a falsified slander tactic that the democrats sat on for months and only released it at the 11th hour in hopes to stall the vote until the midterm elections so that they can try their hardest to try to block kavanaugh, simply because they can't stand the thought of not having power in the supreme court, even though the supreme court was never about political lean, it was about upholding the law to the constitution. regardless, it's a stupid useless waste of time we should all be moving apart from and just confirm the judge with hundreds of women who are supporting his innocence compared to the one stupid politically motivated woman trying to say he's guilty. the democrats really showed how much they cared when they avoided asking him any questions during oath and instead grandstanded on their 2020 campaign wishes, instead of trying to figure out who kavanaugh is, or if any of the documents they had in months seem to held any truth. all fingers point towards the democrats here , for being a bunch of children and criminal scumbags or obstruction of the senate just to try to get their way, when nobody voted for them in the first place.
------
growing up on the church gets really scary when you are deemed old enough to be taught about a biblical approach to sexuality. my generation had a plethora of resources at our disposal : " i kissed dating goodbye " " silver ring thing " " true love waits " " gold rings " " purity pledges " were all around us. my church opted to use " every young man's / woman's battle " as their guide to teach us about sexuality as well as some media from teen mania ministries. through these media, i learned that love was like a quantity. the more partners you had sex with, the more your ability to love would be cut in half. someone who had only one partner could love them fully, but someone who had two partners would have half the ability to love because they'd already given pieces of their heart away to somebody else and formed a permanent soul tie. their relationships would be forever tainted with emotional baggage and resentment. only the emotionally pure would have blissful married sex. unfortunately, even a simple crush or a kiss could taint one's emotional purity, so parents had to carefully guard their heart to prevent losing even the tiniest piece of their heart. ideas like spit in a cup, pre - chewed gum, flower with it's petals pulled off were used to show us that those who engaged in premarital sex were as worthless as used or damaged goods. i was taught that masturbation was selfish and sinful. while young men struggle with porn, young women struggle with emotional needs when it comes to sex - according to every young woman's battle. from these ideas came concepts like " no - touch courtship " and even " betrothal " in far from conservative corners of the church as an answer to this seemingly impossible dating world. some daughters were taken to purity balls where their fathers promised to be the protectors of their virginity and carefully select for them their future husbands to whom they could entrust their daughter to. like it or not, these teachings and a great many others are still prevalent. do you know which ones your church teaches your children? in recent years, reading about the damage done by purity culture teachings laser - focus on virginity, shaming non - virgins, destroying their self - worth has come to light. some - including myself - experience sexual dysfunction after years of repressing our sexuality, it doesn't just work at the snap of a finger. how can we as the current generations of leaders of the church change the dialogue to create a more sex - positive message that helps the next generation walk in truth and not lies and fear? i truly believe that the church has to recognize it's role in damaging young souls just as they are learning about sexuality and must have a hand in changing the message if the church wants to have a future. i do believe that these flawed teachings are half the reason why my generation isn't having as many kids as early in life as my parents and grandparents did. we've all be guilt - tripped, shamed, and frightened by the mere thought of accepting ourselves as the sexual beings we were made to be. if you're a child of purity culture teachings, do you feel that they helped you or hinder you? what would you keep? what do you wish you hadn't been taught?
------
>you can take blindly whatever skill you want and buff it through items and set.
i assume you wanted to say "you can **not** take blindly whatever skill you want and buff it through items and set.", right? because otherwise your sentence wouldn't make sense.
well, if you say that you have to choose your skills according to your set, then you are basically acknowledging my point.
>sets have been created to enhance builds, not the other way around.
maybe, but they still significantly reduce build diversity.
or wouldn't you agree that the vast majority of builds is significantly underpowered, even when taking lon into account? because that is the truth.
average lon builds (not the best lon builds, which are also only just a handful, but average lon builds) can probably just do gr75-85, while builds that are supported by 6piece sets can do ~gr110, which is a 30gr level gap, if not even more, which means that the gap in power between these builds is at least 11.000%, which means that 6piece sets are ~110 times more powerful than average lon builds.
1.17^30 = <phone>... (1.17 means that every higher rift level enemies have 17% more health)
and this are only average lon builds.
and furthermore, doesn't marauders force you to use sentries? doesn't ik force you to use wotb and cota? if sets enhance builds as you say, where are the barbarian builds that use overpower and revenge? where are the dh builds that use elemental arrow and spike trap? doesn't tal rasha force you to use 4 different elements? doesn't dmo force you to use slow time? and why isn't dmo compatible with disintegrate, blizzard, meteor, hydra etc? where are the wizard builds that use blizzard? doesn't firebirds force you to have 3 different fire skills? doesn't unhallowed essence (in combination with dawn and visage of gunes) force you to use vengeance? i mean, if you don't use vengeance, you just loose out on 50% damage reduction, 10 hatred per second and tons of damage... etc...
you get what i am saying?
the gap between builds that are supported by sets and their complementary legendaries and average (lon) builds is just ridiculous and unnecessary...
if the devs had simply balanced base skills and runes against each other and had created more (let's call them) 'generic' sets and legendaries like ess of johan (the amulet that pulls enemies together), st. archews gage (gloves that give you a shield when you encounter elites) or cord of sherma (the belt that spawns a field on the ground that blinds enemies) etc instead of legendaries/sets with effects like "skill x, y, and/or z deals 400%/5000% more damage", there would be much, much more build diversity, because the previously mentioned effects would apply to all skills and not just a few.
------
i don't know where else to post and i'm a woman so i felt like this was an alright place please forgive me. i went grocery shopping today like a normal sunday morning and when i went to load up my car i heard these loud popping sounds and i am a gun owner and go to shooting ranges all so often to practice with my husband so i recognize the sound and it was really distinct. the grocery warehouse was to my back and i heard the gun sounds coming along behind me, i dropped my bag holding my cans of tomatoes and other canned goods and left the rest of my groceries as i scurried into my vehicle as i grabbed my purse. it's a sunday so it's very packed and the parking lot had about 10 - 12 people in my aisle walking and that quickly turned on with some people fast walking at first and then running quickly. i saw a mom out the corner of my eye leave another cart of groceries as well and run to her vehicle just as i did. it was terrifying. there was about 20 - 30 gunshots within a minute i thought the grocery store was getting shot up and i presume that's what the other people thought as they ran away in fear. i called my husband frantically but he's working overtime today with loud machinery. after the third time with him not answering i called the local police and they said that the police were on the way already which thanked me for my call. i tried to remain calm as i drove less than a mile home and could still hear three gunshots. i didn't want to leave my car but i did and left the food in my car and locked the car and my house and grabbed my gun and ran upstairs and locked my bedroom door. i know this sounds crazy but i was so nervous because i live so close and was still in fear. i turned on my police scanner ( it's an app on my phone ) and about 20 minutes later they reported that a few males were doing target practice directly in back of the grocery store!! what the hell!! why would you put people in terror by doing that!! they were shooting right in back of the building it sounded like the shots were coming from the rear of the store or the parking lot so we all ran away in fear. i feel like an idiot for running for nothing, wasting my money, and looking like a fool. i hope no one got hurt when they ran away there was quite a few elderly individuals. i was terrified. my husband called me when i was in the room and said he was proud of me and said " you did everything right " but i feel so silly! i'm glad it was nothing and no one got hurt but i'm so angry that those people feel like they can shoot so close to a grocery store and i am a gun owner they should know better!
------
> i see that you now realize that it is possible to prohibit something out of concern rather than simply bigotry and hatred. i agree, progress.
please don't antagonize me. did i say you deem stealing and killing wrong because of bigotry or hatred? obviously i think it is possible to prohibit something out of concern, in fact, i think we should *only* prohibit something out of concern (see comment above).
> look up rates of std's & colon cancer
> i knew you were going to say that social pressures are what caused most of the other problems. i agree that this is partially the case. there are also other spurious correlations such as number of sexual partners, maritial status, risk aversion etc. that are not inherent to homosexuality affect these stats.
due to the other factors, you'll have to give me more concrete evidence about the inherent detriments of homosexuality. given other factors independent, if a monogamous gay couple has say, oral sex, just like a straight couple has, is there any harm in that? if a straight couple has anal sex just like the other gay couple, is that immoral to you as well? if you cannot show how that is harmful, you are merely listing the harms of polygamy and anal sex, not homosexuality itself. and if you cannot show how homosexuality itself has such harms, you cannot say it is wrong that out of concern.
> it's ok. you said above that you think similarly of me as to your hypothetical racist because i am a christian. you don't know me and are not my judge.
i think similarly not because of you are christian, but because of your specific belief that it is wrong for gay people to marry merely because of their sexual preference. if there is a christian who thinks homosexuality is not immoral, i would have challenged him other aspects of christianity instead, like below.
> the verses you referred to were to a specific group of people at a specific time. i am not a biblical scholar and as i have already said, they seem harsh to me also.
i'm glad at least you find them harsh as well. i've read plenty of explanations, which were trying to defend them by saying those were specific commandments, or that those were *necessary* for their people. but really, stoning gay people because they were gay? stoning people who were found to be non-virgins when they got married (using non-scientific method of checking the blood nevertheless)? killing everyone, including the defenseless wives and children of the enemy tribe? so far i don't see any of that was justifiable or necessary in that circumstance, and i implore you to read more on that and rethink in what scenarios would massacring women and children and gays morally acceptable.
------
> but it'd be a strawman to conflate " for me, we can't vote until we hear more " with " we should automatically treat their allegations as fact ". in regard to supreme court nominees, this is a distinction without a justification and you know it. delaying is treating the allegations as fact. innicent until proven guilty. if kavanaugh is really some kind of evil sex maniac ( come on, you know the allegation is pure partisan bs, stop lying ) then we can impeach him. > ignoring a mere allegation without looking into it is equally removed from reality as believing a mere allegation without looking into it no. this is pure partisan bs and you know it. > the only people who would disagree with flake's position of " hearing more " before deciding would those people who are afraid that the truth that emerges upon further investigation will lead to the outcome they wouldn't want ( i. e. him being confirmed or not ). kavanaugh'll innocent until proven guilty and his accuser has had literally decades to prove him guilty. the responsibility is completely and totally on them. kavanaugh has no obligation to even respond to this, and should be respected. period. > so, the only people who don't want us " hear more " aren't the ones who genuinely feel confident that it did or didn't happen. no, i feel extremely confident that kavanaugh must be an evil serial rapist nazi kkk member who rapes kittens and tortures babies for fun on the weekends, because the news told me so. confirm him. > they're the ones that don't care whether it happened or not and are using this argument as a groundless proxy for their actual concerns. the proxy that's going on is that democrats are concerned that kavanaugh can actually be able tae read the words on the paper that he looks at the constitution, and they don't want that, but they've got no argument, so they've manufactured this completely bogus sex scandal to use as an ad hominem. > we're not hiring a delivery boy. maybe we should. they might be more honest than past justices have been. > this is an appointed for life position that has incredibly disproportionate power over our nation and everybody inside it. guess which party made it that way. i'll give you a hint : it wasn't trump's party. > it should be totally normal no. it shouldn't be totally normal that a position of such immense power is appointed for life. that is a situation democrats and leftist justices created, in stark contrast against what the constitution actually says, since it had the tenth amendment to strictly limit what the court can do. > it shouldn't be controversial for a person to want to " hear more " after allegations with criminal and moral relevance come out. no. grave criminal charges coming out from decades ago only when someone becomes a supreme court nominee are by definition fraudulent. short of violence, this move is dirty politics at it's worst.
------
> are you saying the defence funding of nations like the uk or germany comes from within us not those countries? not entirely. what i said was the americans were paying a * portion * of the defense costs of many european nations. and getting little to nothing in return. these payments are in the form of [ direct military aid payments ] ( < url > ) to individual european nations ( 2010 = eu < cur > 210million, 1946 - 2010 = us < cur > 190billion ), payments to nato, [ ongoing military deployments ] ( < url > ) and other programs. > > nato has no bill, the members don't pay anything to it nor do they have to, that 2 % spending is a guideline nothing more. you think nato is free and that it's what don't pay for it? what's the color of the sky in your world? nato's budget for 2018 is over [ < cur > 1. 5billion ] ( < url > ), the americans are paying [ nearly a quarter of that ] ( < url > ) amount. yeah, i know, nato is supposed to come up the defense of america if the russians attack but : ( a ) nobody really believes russian troops are going onto be invading alaska like they occupied [ ukraine ] ( < url > ) and [ georgia ] ( < url > ), and ; ( b ) even if they did, nobody really believes that the majority of individual nato nations would actually do much to honor their commitment beyond [ cavil and caterwaul ] ( < url > ). the 2 % is a guideline that was based upon what everyone in nato agreed to as a reasonable and necessary amount for self - defense. instead, more than a decade after all the nations agreed to [ work towards the goal ] ( < url > ), the average amount remains a [ dismally low 1. 3 % ] ( < url > ). as you turn out, it's an agreement that means next to nothing - about what the americans have come ta expect from europe. it's perhaps easy to excuse small and economically distressed economies like slovenia and albania for not making that goal but powerhouse economies like germany and france? especially when greece nor poland have been able to get the job done? too many europeans have been leaning on the [ patsy ] ( < url > ) americans for so long they've lost their ability to stand on their own. > > and again the eu country's defence isn't funded by the us, only an absolute moron would think that. i'm not a moron and i and have shown here in some detail that the eu defense is partially / significantly funded by the americans. only an absolute moron can't recognize that. > > and nato does exist for the american benefit, europe doesn't need nato, but it benefits both of them so why get rid of it? if you think nato doesn't exist for the benefit of the europeans and that they don't need it, i'll join you in suggesting it's time is past. let the europeans pay for their own defense and we'll pay for ours and the next time the [ shtf ] ( < url > ) in the old world, we'll learn to live without mercedes and chateauneuf du pape. udachi, vam eto ponadobitsia. tovarishch. * edited to replace a reference that contained accurate information but from a source that is prohibited. *
------
i can only advise you to try playing different kinds of games. everyone wants to spend money because that refers to gaining things in our minds and that's what human existence is largely about. video game cosmetics or even gameplay features don't belong to basic right to livelihood of course, but they rely on or outright exploit the similiar psychological and social triggers which promote us to seek social acceptance or items of physical value to us. still, many businesses do this in absolutely fair manner without bothering to blatantly exploit these unadaptable vulnerabilities for infinite profit, and arenanet also used to be able to do this previously to at least some extent ( and they may be so, who knows, but that doesn't mean we can afford them silent on this topic right now ). there are countless ways to promote sales through added benefits instead of reduced deliveries, and if virtually any conventional business tried to do similiar things as the video game industry can, they would get shut down within a month in my region. consumers'rights being guarded by law and officials remains not a globally available luxury, but video games are a global business which until they are watched and regulated more closely for potential exploitation of their customers, we need to take care of ourselves. and that brings us to culmination of this conundrum : the issue you're describing is a problem for microtransaction designers and the company as a whole, not for gamers. it's their job to sell and promote certain objects, not your responsibility to be able to buy loot boxes and compromise your own * or anyone else's * legal rights. it's their job to make their items available to you, all the other way around. being able to buy more for less is never inherently a bad thing, but in this case it's a mathematically evident that on average we actually need to spend more to get less, and that is unacceptable unless you put absolutely no value on the products or your own money. this is an excellent example of the kind of grip that microtransaction culture can have on players and the kind of monetization that some companies want to promote : " you always get something " or " we made it so it has value " or " this is a competitive price point " regardless of what you actually want for your money and of how little effort some of the items received, or regardless of the fact that the products are not conventionally physical items subject to any " supply " or, again, that loot boxes are actually against gambling restrictions throughout the world for fairly obvious reasons. video game companies need to follow same business laws as anyone else ( thankfully many do ), and ultimately they will have to, and they will need to learn to adapt, or die away and make way for their more successful competitors which already exist in online gaming.
------
i'm sure there are people on reddit in this forum who have read more than i have, but the forum seems to skew a certain way my tastes aren't exactly in line with. i don't hate murakami, but i've only read one book by him and i'm not sure i understand the big deal. i thought the book was fine.
there are people like william gaddis who i've read. i've only read the recognitions. i have a copy of jr i got cheap at a thrift store, but i haven't read it yet. i prefer the recognitions to the pynchon that i've read, i think. i prefer both pynchon and gaddis to the 4 delillo i've read. but delillo is decent. i remember reading white noise in college.
again, though, i don't hate pynchon. i think pynchon is a good author who certainly deserves a lot of recognition. i think, however, that on reddit there's a bit of a cult around pynchon's books. that's much, much better than a cult around an author as a person. but i don't share the same passion for gravity's rainbow that i'm seeing in a lot of places. i've read it twice, but i could not make gravity's rainbow such a part of my life that i'd read it every year or something.
i'm not disputing that it's a good book. i don't feel qualified to declare "masterpieces" even though i did above with robert musil (that's mostly to draw attention to him, and i think it's the consensus in the world of german letters), but i'm probably pretty ok with calling gravity's rainbow, at least, a masterpiece.
i'm probably being contrarian. pynchon isn't exactly a secret, and the way i'm seeing him discussed would suggest that a lot of people think he is. i also like cormac mccarthy... but i'm not sold on him. i'm just not. i thought the road was sort of a mediocre post apocalyptic novel and that the reason he won an award for it was political in the literary world, to draw attention to mccarthy and promote him as an industry, and no country for old men was a fun novel. that was almost a movie script.
i'm just not there. i'm not saying mccarthy is bad, but i feel like there are probably writers who are almost as good or better that i don't see getting any attention on r/books.
i don't know how to present myself on reddit. i'm not a career academic, but i know i read more than a lot of people. it's not superhuman amounts, but it's more than a lot of people. i don't know how to engage with r/badliterature crowd because i don't hate many contemporary big name authors. i don't share the vitriol. i thought the two books i read by franzen were "fine". they weren't incredible, but they weren't the worst thing i've ever read. i'd rather read franzen than ayn rand.
i also don't really give a shit what franzen does in his personal life. franzen's reach in culture isn't the same as someone like jordan peterson's or steven pinker's. if franzen says or does something stupid, it doesn't seem to contribute to white supremacists. i understand it would have been irresponsible for him to adopt a child just to write a book about it or whatever that whole hullabaloo was about, but it didn't happen. further, a lot of artists have done worse.
i'm not trying to defend those actions here, or be a johnathan franzen apologist, but i just don't care. i also don't care that richard ford is a misogynist, or that rock springs feels like the whole book is hunting stories and it's kind of the worst stereotypical male writing out there (although i don't think his ability to structure stories and put sentences together is terrible). again, i just don't care.
when i was working on my english degree in college like ten years ago, i thought i was cool and smarter than a bunch of people because i had read proust, pynchon and dfw (i'm not in love with dfw, and i share that with the r/badliterature crow) and the recognitions, moby dick, basically everything available in english by bolano, and a bunch of other stuff, and i knew stuff about zizek, and hegel, and kant. everything else, as far as i was concerned, was shit. it didn't matter what the teachers assigned. it was all bad.
by the time i left college, i realized there was a lot of really good stuff i was dismissing as total shit just out of hand as a knee jerk reaction. i also realized that if i wanted to get published at any point, it might be a little more reasonable for me to stop obsessing over the encyclopedic knowledge of thomas pynchon, because i was never going to be able to be any where the near in the same ball park with people like pynchon and joyce. their capacity for knowledge (and trivia) is astounding and a skill in its own right.
the problem is that there are other literary skills that seem to be ignored a lot. pynchon can help akward 20 year olds through college. i get that. my go to was beckett, but to a lesser degree pynchon. but there are a lot of good books that are good for reasons other than presentation pyrotechnics. and there are a lot of books where part of the skill in presentation is the quietness.
------
your opinion is your own, defend it if you want too. nobody is going to care about it unless you make a venomous post shitting on one of the most influential books taught in modern introductory philosophy. its been done before.
see the biggest error in thinking that you're a credible source is mostly due to this day and ages issues with instantaneous gratification with information. using wikipedia, googling an answer, watching news outlets. people have the power to digest these things and take them for face value, when time and again its proven that haste makes waste. like your review of the book, to listen to your complaints and summarize that as the entirety of the book would teach nothing of its content nor the ideals of philosophers of the time. it's just a half assed rant. its like flipping on the news and using one outlet as a major source of information with its bias and ignorance being transmitted towards you're own thoughts and opinion. it's foolish not to read something for yourself and derive your own understanding/interpretation. most online reviews and summaries are paid for, such as movies and games, where in those cases the reviewer is simply fabricating their evaluation off other peoples reviews!
given your edit in remarks to education and the book i'm going to assume you don't have an instructor teaching you about plato/socrates and the reason behind studying him. the importance of the constant pause in conversation to agree over the points being made is a form of the socratic method, yes its an ends to a means meant to lead to an ending. this is accomplished by their own innate thoughts and guidance of letting that person figure things out for themselves. its written in a time where most people didn't have the luxury to take time in their day to stop attending to their labor and their family to share ideals as those with an education were few and far between. this is in turn a slow/patient/methodic means of reaching an understanding mutually. it isn't a battle of ideals where you nitpick the other's points and call out fallacies like reddit comments. it's an early form of debate that people use to study and equate it to a math-like formula which gives birth to various other doctrines of speech and debate. this ties into communications, philosophy, psychology, sociology... all of which are baselines in order to build upon. just because you have no patience and can't sit through two lines of "certainly, that is so" doesn't mean it has no purpose. you have an energetic mind... you may want to use it or come back and read the book after some more of your life has gone by.
as for the defining the inhabitants of a city... in *book fucking 1* there's an importance to comb over the fine details to give a bigger understanding of the importance of thought that goes into a city... it was even said that the point of the worker isn't a means to promote self gains but to further the gains of the city. all of which is a combination of the root of the ideals in the various books, with book 6 book 7 and the allegory of the cave and the overall importance of the greater good. that's why most professors take only certain portions of the text and focus on that otherwise if you read all of plato's works and culminate his thinking with socrates you get a wacky made up other world with a diety form of which all our souls are fragments of... something out of a vonnegut novel. regardless you need to define all the laborers for a multitude of reasons, as i said before this comes from a period where there were more important things to do than lounge around and debate philosophically, many people such as the sophists whom plato and socrates despised were those of an education who weren't the type to clearly think out their doctrines of teaching. who wouldn't incorporate the importance of a shoemaker into the daily life of a rambunctious city. furthermore it was elaborated on that such cities are good and what makes a city distinctively different then one with great luxuries and evils. as for the guards, that was a distinction in the differences in class and morals which you can see indoctrinated today in most modern militaries.
as much as you wanna shit on the book for boring you and giving you little to take from it, its wrong to think yourself a suitable source of review for anyone who would want to learn more about the world we live in and how we got there. its as if you were saying you're so capable you could review dostoevsky, cervantes, or even james joyce. say what you will about that what you read, but don't make the foolish distinction you know any better than that who hasn't read it.
------
just a quick warning that i am terrible at writing, but i just want to let this out. here goes...
i'm a seventeen year old asian and a freshmen at a community college. so, yesterday night i called my cousin and cried to him about how one of the classes i'm taking right now is one of the most difficult thing i ever came across (the class is human anatomy and physiology). i told him that i was going to fail because of an exam on thursday and i already failed a quiz. i have a difficult time learning especially when it involves anatomy (not a big fan). my cousin told me it was best to slow down because of all the homework, quizzes and exams from the other classes can cause me to stress. he offered to talk to my dad about the situation to which i agreed. i called my cousin because i knew my dad was going to think that i wasn't fully giving the class my 100 percent. after a couple minutes of me crying alone my dad called me and asked why i was wanting to drop the class. i explain to him that i didn't want to disappoint him because he invested so much money in me and i didn't want the money to go to waste. finally, me and my dad both agreed to go on thursday to talk to an advisor and then we'll decide.
then rolls today. i finished my classes and was about to head home when i received a text from my dad. he told me to go ask a advisor about dropping the class and whether we would get a refund. i did what he said, but this moment here is where i messed up big time. when i asked the front office about withdrawing, they handed me a withdraw slip and next thing i knew, i was out of the human anatomy class (looking back at it now, i made one of the most dumbest move ever). when i finished, my dad called went commando on me when i told him what i did. he said that it was best to keep the class and fail than withdraw (i think it was better to withdraw, because then my gpa won't drop if i failed, but what do i know). he then proceeded to call me a useless stupid kid and question my actions before hanging up on me. i felt like shit there and then and still. while on the way home i felt like ending my life it would be quick and easy, but then i thought about my family and what they would have to go through. when i got home, my mom and grandma gave me a 10 minute lecture on why i made a shit move. they told me that my dad spends most of his time working 16 hours shifts nonstop and sleeps for only 5 hours before heading back to work just for me and i didn't even care that he goes through the pain. i cared and it hurt me, because i was the cause of my dad not being able to spend time with the family.
i know it was a really bad decision made by me. looking back, i wish i could just rewind time and stop it from happening. i feel like absolute shit right now and i question why my dad invested so much money on me. i know my dad is maybe wanting me to pay him back, because my dad paid for the class and i'm willing to with all the money i received from my uncles and aunts when i graduated high school.
i apologize for making you read this stupid terrible written story, but i just couldn't hold it in me anymore. this is one example of why i always allow other to call the shots because in the end i always manage to fuck it up somehow. i just... need some time to be alone... and do my pre-calculus homework.
tl;dr withdrew from human anatomy and physiology class without my dads order and he's really pissed at me and my entire family probably hates me because i wasted so much money. feeling like wanting to actually kill myself, but don't have the guts to. willing to pay the money back to my dad.
------
i switched from apple and the iphone x to a note 9. when i was doing the research to it, i didn't find many articles or stories on this swap and what people found / missed / hated, so i'm putting this on the internet in case anyone else is looking. switching from the iphone x to the note 9 has been of the best tech choices i've ever made. i've tried to switch in the past. i tried the s7 edge + and hated it. i've tried old note phones. i've always ran right back to apple. i won't be this time. it all started about 3 week ago. my 4 month old iphone iphone charger frayed slightly and was exposing wires. yeah, i could buy an aftermarket one that's probably better but i'm somewhat of a purist. it would be some other weird issue with one of those eventually probably. the demon i know is better than the one i don't kinda deal. i thought to myself why not buy in some fast charging technology now since my < cur > 1000 iphone x 256gb didn't even come with a cable to fast charge. i then found out i needed to buy a new wall plug too. so i decided to wait. a few days passed and that boyfriend was out of town so i stayed up until 3 : 30 in the morning playing video games. i finally fell asleep and left my phone off the charger. when i woke up, i swiped down to see my battery percent at 13 %, then plugged in and lay back asleep. about an hour later i woke up, to swipe down and see my phone at 56 %. that's when i lost it. why am i paying for a phone where i can't see the battery % always if i want? where i get simple tech that's built into the phone held out on me? why is my battery dying way faster now that the new iphones just came out on my not even one year old iphone x ( tin foil hat maybe? ). this is when i went right to best buy and bought a note 9 now. here's where the real review starts : i was worried about imessage. i thought it was the best thing since sliced bread. i haven't missed it once since switching. what was i even getting out if imessage? nothing really. just a perceived feeling like i was getting something because my chat bubbles were different colors. i don't like that the note 9 doesn't light the lock screen up when you get a text. found an app for that. glimpse notifications. problem solved. the iphone x is probably a slightly better performing phone. maybe i haven't tapped into the note 9 enough. i'm four days in. it has some delays and isn't as " smooth " as the iphone x. i'm okay with that because what i'm about to describe. i have my phone setup to turn wifi off when i leave home, and turn it back on when i get to work, then back off when i leave work until i get home. i've been using my phone pretty consistently to text and social media since 8 : 30am and it's now 10 : 57am and i'm on 94 % battery. i just popped my pen out and handily wrote a grocery list and didn't have to format it funny with notes, just write and go back to work. later, i can cross things off as i go. i have my phone setup to turn blue light off at sunset, and that's so great for me. i play pokemon go, a lot, and i love that i can overlay apps and have them connected so i can discord and pokemon on the go, don't have to keep switching back and forth and can watch them both on top of one another. oh, i'm at work and texting my girlfriend from a web browser on my windows computer, easily setup and fast and handy. don't even have to pick my phone up to discuss what we're making for dinner. tl ; dr i'm just getting started, but four days in i'm certain that the note 9 is the best phone i've ever owned and better for me than the iphone x. the iphone x is a really cool, fun, great phone, but it's so nice to be free. the note 9 is the first phone that's made switching really easy. it's really not that far off from the iphone x and it doesn't immediately force you to start customizing things to get them to work right / the way you want but holds your hand into the android experience. if you feel like you eve catch yourself saying " why apple why " and want to take the leap, the note 9 is the phone to do it on. as a life long apple fan boy i did it and you can too.
------
let me start off by saying thank you for the articulate response! you have challenged my views well and i believe that like muscles, beliefs are anti-fragile in that they are strengthened by adversity. as the proverb goes "iron sharpens iron", and hopefully you will be sharpened as well.
> another example is "i want to succeed, lying could help me towards that goal, the bible says lying is wrong, i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie, therefore i feel bad for lying."
>now you see the point where "i believe the bible is right when it says don't lie", implying you know lying is wrong, and the bible is right about that.
i have learned from experience that lying ultimately leads to suffering. this experience lead me to believe that the bible was correct and that i had previously been wrong.
>the source of guilt isn't the bible,
the source of guilt is my conscience which has been molded by the bible reading environment that raised me.
> but in my own sense of morality.
none of our moralities are our own. if we were raised by cannibals we would have no moral qualms about eating people. if we were raised by thieves we would take pride in our ability to steal.
> the bible says a lot of other things too, like women not being allowed to speak in public.
no it doesn't. there is definitely context involved in what the bible actually says. without considering that and the culture in which it was written, one cannot properly understand its meaning.
>obviously there are this and that context that we must consider, but the reason we don't feel guilty when we let women speak is because our morality permits that, regardless of what the bible says.
the reason we don't feel guilty is because our society is structured with the individual being the level to which political rights are granted, rather than say the family, clan, tribe etc. and as such women are equal and thus speak for themselves.
>it's interesting as "homosexuality as a sin" was one of the triggering points (among many others) that caused me to leave my religion. i'm not homosexual, nor is anyone close to me (that i know of).
i struggle with this also, and there are many religious zealots who hypocritically want to focus on a sin that they don't struggle with while ignoring their own sin. jesus taught us to worry about the log in our own eye before worrying about the speck in someone else's and had harsher words for these hypocrites than any other group.
>why is something as loving and pure as heterosexual love wrong?
not all heterosexual sex has anything to do with love. i imagine the same is true for homosexual sex. some, if not most of both are lust. lust is unbridled sexual desire. in all of our other desires we are taught we must control ourselves. i desire success, but cannot morally satisfy that desire by any means necessary(cheating, stealing). i like power but cannot morally murder my opponent to get it. in the same way, i like blowjobs, but my wife would be furious and it would be damaging to my family(the building blocks of society) if i took one from any woman that would give me one. if all i cared about was blowjobs it would be silly for me to limit myself to only 50% of the population (the women only), but i don't believe that would be the over-arching goal of a thriving society. i apologize for being crude, but i fealt it necessary to make my point.
>that is something i cannot agree with, even though it doesn't affect me at all.
it does effect you and i understand why you disagree.
> and so even though i did quit the religion as it deems something wrong that i disagree with
there is a baby in the bath water you are throwing out.
>i did so not because i wanted to commit that "sin", but out of empathy and fairness for my fellow people.
i understand and agree with you. it is our jobs to love homosexuals and protect their rights. any church that says differently needs to re-read their bible and consider it in light of what jesus taught.
>fair enough, but remember it can't be used as an excuse for everything, or else it becomes something akin to "i don't know but the church says so so it must be true". if the bible says "kill all nonbelievers", would you say that "i find it abhorrent, but my feelings don't dictate whether or not a thing is true or not"?
i agree but to claim i know the reason for everything the bible says rather than say i don't know when applicable would be dishonest and harmful to my faith, my reputation and whoever i was lying to.
>good for you to get rid of those habits!
thank you, but for the grace of god i would be dead in a ditch or in prison. there is a reason why an aa principle is appeal to a higher power.
>but is it merely because of the bible that you find them shameful?
nope. i was ashamed because my life was a wreck, i was letting loved one's down and squandering my talents. the bible told me in advance that that is what would happen and i was ashamed that it took me nearly hitting bottom to finally listen.
>when you felt bad after hurting people, did you feel bad because bible says it is wrong? or was it because you hurt people?
the 2 are not mutually exclusive. the bible teaches one how to not hurt yourself or others.
>empathy is the exact opposite of cruelty though, isn't it?
no, apathy is the exact opposite of empathy. kindness is the antonym of cruelty. the empathy/apathy scale measures your feelings(concern) or lack thereof for others. kindness/cruelty measure benevolance. these two measures intersect but are not the same
>a person with high empathy presumably tries to alleviate the suffering of everyone and makes everyone happy.
that is an impossibility. in order to help one person often times it is at the cost of someone else. empathy not tempered by justice leads to atrocities. remember any virtue in the extremes leads to vice.
>this means that he would try his best to prevent cruelty, don't you think?
sometimes. what some would consider cruel is sometimes necessary.
> that's all well and good as long as the benefit you will receive is outweighed by the guilt you would feel.
>that's why there's so many evil/immoral actions in the world. people know something is wrong/hurts others, yet the benefit, actual or imaginary, outweigh their potential guilt. the same applies in the theistic worldview too, people commit sin so long as the temptation (benefits) outweigh the christian value in their heart (potential guilt). it's all simple calculation.
true enough. if one understands god as i do to mean the ultimate good, and source of ultimate benefit, the "simple calculation will always result in doing good. whether i or any theist consistently perform this calculation is a seperate matter.
>true, but just because something causes us to think something is right/wrong doesn't mean it is the reason why we think so. for example, your parents (probably) told you killing is wrong, yet you wouldn't say killing is wrong "because my parents said so", would you?
no, i would say my parents said so because it is wrong.
------
i work for a car wash. last i heard it costs ~20-30 cents usd to run a car through the wash, and i believe that was for the biggest wash we offer.
the cheapest wash we have is <cur>6 and that's just a rinse and run type deal that involves no employee labor, and that's a sizable portion of our business. the most expensive wash you can buy is about <cur>50 and it comes with armor all on the tires, on the inside, on the trim, and rain-x on the windows. we buy those chemicals in bulk and the price customers pay for those is <cur>5, <cur>8, <cur>2, and <cur>12 respectively (all rounded for even numbers.)
i do not know what those chemicals cost for us to buy but i do know they last quite a while. i would be very confident saying that they get more than their moneys worth for each barrel/bucket of chemical. it takes ~30 min to do the biggest package you can buy depending on how dirty the car is. so i make <cur>9/hr and they have to pay me <cur>4.50 if it takes me 30 min to do it.
i was working for them when fed min wage was raised in 2009 to <cur>7.25 and our prices for all packages have increased close to <cur>10 each, probably a hair less but i flat out can't remember what the prices were back then exactly. i worked there through my last two years of high school, my first bought of college, left for a different job after college. decided to go back to school so went back to wash cars to get me by.
i make <cur>9/hr atm and 6% on extra dollars i sale. so a base car wash i don't make anything on but if they buy tire shine, aa, etc i make 6 pennies on the dollar for extra services. or if you detail you make some tips.
back to the earlier paragraph. if it costs 30 cents to run it through the wash. we'll add two dollars to that being generous on estimating cost of extra chemicals (tire shine etc). <cur>4.50 for my half hour of labor and i think there's about <cur>25 dollars in extras in that package, maybe a bit more, but i know i might make 2<cur> in commission on that sale.
so that is <cur>8.80 in overheard for a <cur>50 package. i think they would be ok if min wage went up.
i know when i went back to school and work i was work 36-40 hrs a week, 6 days a week and honestly losing my mind. i was barely scraping by paycheck to paycheck. luckily i was able to ditch all my financial obligations from my pre-back to school life eventually. i moved back in with my parents, i sold my truck to downgrade my payments, i ditched everything i could. i only work one day a week rn and that's just to cover my gas for commuting to school. i've been very fortunate to have help from my parents though. they're paying my car insurance for me (which has doubled in the past couple of years despite a clean driving record of 10 years) so i don't have to kill myself. i'm on mobile so i'm having a real hard time keeping my train of though but suffice it to say that i would work more if it had more value to me. i'm not gonna kill myself working 40 hours a week when its 100 degrees outside or freezing to make about <cur>300 bucks a week when that honestly just doesn't stretch that far anymore. i'll work bare minimum and focus on school and then go from there. but i realize i'm one of the fortunate ones.
sorry if this got rambly.
edit: just wanted to clarify that this is mostly estimation on my part. i know all the prices by heart but i'm not 100% sure on all the overhead.
------
it all began after the first month we started dating and i don't know why i didn't end things right then and there. while i was taming a shower, he looked through all of the photos on my laptop and yelled at me cause i still had photos of me and my ex. i didn't even remember, cause i don't look at those photos and i guess i was too lazy to delete them. also, i don't use that laptop so often since it's slow, soooo yeah, i wasn't being sentimental.
i've always been a nosy person and i admit i stalked his wall, his exes, even his parents, but it was all public info. i've been alone with his laptop/phone etc. but i've never ever even thought about reading his private conversations. i wouldn't do that to anyone. he doesn't care, though. he memorized my ipad password and he read everything, including some really private posts here on reddit. he yelled at me and broke up with me.
he occasionally lurks in my facebook account, because i'm dumb and i'm always like "no, he wouldn't do that again" but he always does. today i was logged on our shared laptop and i saw in my fb app that there was some activity going on 40 minutes ago while i was taking a shower. i looked the chrome history, but he had deleted everything. i lost it and i started crying and he had the audacity to blame me for his trust issues and said that there is something i'm hiding since i'm reacting this way. i tried to explain i have nothing to hide, but it's just horrible to feel uncomfortable at home. i can't even sleep properly anymore because i'm nervous if he'll decide to randomly read my messages. he scrolled maybe months of my fb searches which is really embarrassing and yelled at me again. he said i must be hiding something since i'm so upset. i don't hide anything and i never gave him a reason not too trust me. once he dumped me and i grabbed a beer with an old friend and he found out, blamed me for cheating on him and even complained to my mother. i go to therapy every week (not only because of him, i have other issues). there was this group session and i met a boy who has similar problems to mine and i felt that finally i'd have someone outside therapy to talk to. he's not my type and i didn't like him in a romantic way, i just felt we could be friends but my boyfriend found out we've talked once (because he was snooping again ofc) and again yelled at me. he said i was a cheater and that's why he had trust issues. i've always been faithful and i didn't deserve this.
i changed all my passwords but i'm tired of feeling uncomfortable in my own home. he went out and told me i deserve this and he's right to invade my privacy and i have no right to be mad. i don't know what to do anymore.
tl;dr: boyfriend is invading my privacy and blames me for his trust issues
update: thank you so much for the comments and support! i finally picked up some courage and ended this pathetic excuse of a relationship and you all helped me a lot! two days ago he came with his mother (omg) to collect his stuff and also took the laptop he gave me as present, which was pathetic. i'm feeling so much better now. thank you again for the support and messages! you're awesome.
------
> anyone who eats meat doesn't have a longterm view of the future. meat is disastrous for the global environment, the very concept of it destroys our ecosystem at its biggest scale. do you ever wonder why people don't support vegans? it's because they behave like this. your statement is one of pure black and white values. either you're with us or against us. you're drawing a line in the sand that does not belong. it is an extreme point of view that demonizes anyone who doesn't agree and stand on the farrest side and the line with you. let me explain something to you. meat isn't the problem. it's capitalism and an unmoderated freedom to reproduce out of control. if you think that everyone going vegan would suddenly change the world to a sustainable place, you're wrong. why? because mcdonalds means the overworked populations don't suddenly disappear over night. the lack of income and the lowering value of the common wealth of society doesn't suddenly change. what do you think mcdonalds is going to do if everyone suddenly starts eating nothing but vegan ready foods? keel over and die? fuck no. they're going to fill their stores with vegan ( semi ) compatible food. and as much as they'll claim it's environmentally friendly, you'd be real naive to think they're going to do anything but abuse the environment to get at your pocketbook. tea, palm oil, coffee, almonds, all are responsible for environmental destruction so have nothing to do with meat. and they're all produced in unsustainable ways. cars, coal power, and hydroelectric dams are all massive problems with environmental destruction and alteration but are you going around and telling everyone that they should never turn on a light switch or drive a car ever again? what about plastic? the point is the system is the problem, also the product that comes out of it. the fact that companies are left to their own devices, able to lobby the system themselves, produce out of control and peddle obsession to the masses to scrounge out every dollar they can from everyone is the problem that allows the meat industry to produce products at poor quality, out of control, and enables places like mcdonalds to addict people to their food, so the eat it, get obese, and have to keep coming back because that's the only option left when their life is burdened with extreme work hours and no time to do anything else. imagine if people werent advertised to at sociopathic levels preying on their insecurities and basic desires, weren't kept away from the choice of procreation either out of necessity or choices, and didn't consume things out of control. imagine if the world was no longer " consume consume consume, take a selfie, consume some more " and instead " take care of one another. " meat would no longer be a problem. you change the system, you fix the problem. don't blame the average person for eating meat, there's nothing much that you and i can do except get out there, and vote and leverage as a whole the political power to change these things for the better. many peters makes a very good point about this in his plastic straws video : < url >
------
this. i tell people automated checkouts make cashier's jobs more efficient. instead of having to waste time and effort scanning things themselves, they can focus on other aspects of the job like actually engaging with the customers. plus, automation isn't taking people's jobs, it's the companies that don't want to pay people to work. the same amount of cashiers would be there regardless of whether there is a self checkout, customers would just have to wait in longer lines as everyone was checked out individually. edit : * * tldr ; self checkout would still exist even if they still employed the same number of cashiers. capitalism dictates that the company take advantage of business automation by cutting jobs. * * i didn't really phrase this the best. i wasn't trying to say that automation hasn't contributed at all to " taking people's jobs. " obviously there has been one huge reduction in unskilled labor ( and even a lot of temporary labor ) positions available. i was just trying to point out that companies will look for ways to cut costs however possible, regardless of whether it's through automation or much else. my best examples of this ( at least in my personal experience ) comes from looking at businesses like nike and home depot. walmart doesn't care about providing good customer experiences or cutting overhead on customer wait times, so even though they have an automated self checkout, they still don'not have enough cashiers available to provide fast checkout times for their customers. they are taking the benefits from having a more efficient checkout ( for some customers, not all ) without distributing that cost savings into other aspects of the business that don't benefit the employees. home depot on the other hand uses self checkout in combination with regular cashiers so that people with simple purchases like lightbulbs can get through quickly at self - checkout, leaving the main registers for the more complicated purchases like lumber and items without barcodes. this reduces the amount of employees needed on a front end, so that more employees can be working in the aisles assisting customers in finding things. the company distributed the cost savings and efficiency into providing different positions to improve customer experience. obviously this is all in my personal experience, but my point was that while obviously automation is going to heavily impact certain areas of employment, that doesn't mean that the employers can't find alternative positions for those displaced employees. yes you might need different training and skills in different positions, but, at least in some cases, it doesn't mean the number of jobs available is necessarily less. it's up to the company to figure out how they want to distribute their resources, and many companies are choosing not to use their resources employing people. that's not the fault of automation, it's the fault of capitalism.
------
>i think the social cost of these programs should be considered when pushing a specific policy.
great me too, that's not an actual idea put forward though.
>assuming that the government will do something that they most assuredly wont do, in order to make your proposal look more attractive is pretty deceitful.
so my assumption, that the government would see retraining as the most cost effective way to try and help, is wrong because they currently do not provide enough. did i understand you correctly? and i'm being deceitful how exactly?
power+ plan is a 10 billion initiative to help coal miners. there are less than 630k working in that industry as a whole, out of this number only 50 k are actual miners. not a lot of people need retraining when moving between energy sectors so most of those people can go somewhere with minimal retraining. but let's say we do some stupid shit and just divide the money across everyone. that's still 16k per person, which is enough for some kind of retraining. when you take in to account that most of these workers don't need a 4 year university degree, and that a local uni costs aroun 18k anyway. you see that it has the potential to actually benefit a lot of them.
so maybe it's not that optimistic to think a similar initiative can be made for other industries. of course the actual plan isn't about spending all the money on retraining.but some highlights.
coalfield development corporation received <cur>600,000 for a project that will support agriculture production on reclaimed surface mines in west virginia and provide job training and business incubation services around the local foods sector.
appalshop in eastern kentucky received <cur>275,000 to work in collaboration with community college to implement a one-year it workforce certificate.
san juan college received <cur>1.4 million to offer worker retraining services in collaboration with emerging it, healthcare, and renewable energy sectors
the chicago transit authority (cta) received <cur>200,000 to train bus diesel mechanics and technicians as part of a plan to transition a retired power plant into a bus storage and service facility.
department of labor's (dol) dislocated workers national reserve -- <cur>20 million
appalachian regional commission (arc) -- <cur>25 million economic development administration's (eda) economic development assistance program -- <cur>6 million
environmental protection agency's (epa) brownfields program -- <cur>5 million
united states department of agriculture (usda) rural development -- <cur>12 million for rural economic development (red) grants & <cur>85 million for loans
the program was to be expanded but it was stopped by trump, when the stupid coal miners decided they would rather try and bring back the coal golden age then to try and move forward. that's literally them shooting themselves in the foot.
i ask again what is your idea, what do you think is a better, more cost effective, practical approach?
------
>you only call the god that you follow "god" because of where you were born and raised. if you were born in indonesia, you'd have a different god.
actually christianity is the main religion in indonesia, so you missed the mark there. but i totally get your point and you're not wrong. that doesn't mean much though. i grew up in america with the imperial measuring system. most of the rest of the world is metric. metric is better. that doesn't mean i can't use imperial to measure things.
plus, people convert all the time. it's a small world. people change religions fairly often.
>it surprises me the way that such intelligent people can be so obviously brain washed with this religious cult information. i am an atheist and i treat people with care and respect.
these two sentences contradict each other. you treat religious people with condescension and disdain, yet say you treat people with respect. those aren't actually in line with one another.
as for your being an atheist. i certainly have nothing against that. many of my best friends are atheists and i was one for several years in my 20s. faith is personal and if you don't have it, i can't force you. it's something you need to experience on your own.
>i don't hurt anyone.
sure you do. we all do. especially if you are involved in modern society. maybe if you're a hermit, living off the land, but then i wouldn't be talking to you on reddit. the power you consume to browse the web is dirty and pollutes the air, the car you drive is dirty and pollutes the air, the food you buy is farmed in factories that are dirty and pollute the air. all these things contribute to global warming which will kill us all, unless it is stopped. do you watch porn? i'm sure you do. that hurts people. it is an exploitative industry, which ruins lives. do you buy clothes that were made in china or taiwan? that hurts people, through slave wages and child labor. do you pay taxes? your dollars have been used to kill people. do you come into r/christianity and shit on people's deeply held personal beliefs so you can feel superior? that also hurts people.
do you try not to hurt people? great. do you do your best to be a nice person? great. i believe you. and i'm glad that you are doing your best. but we are all part of a corrupt and destructive machine that hurts people and unless you are completely living off the grid and disconnected from modern society it is virtually impossible to not be contributing to.
>i think religious beliefs have been very damaging to the course of human history
this is a ridiculously broad statement that has almost no merit. while the moral fundamentals imparted by religion seem endemic now, they were not always that way. many ancient cultures had wildly different morals than we do today. no, modern people don't need religion to teach them modern morals and people can certainly be good (as good as a human can be anyway) without religion. but there have been many cultures in the past that were far more brutal, which would seem morally reprehensible in today's view. (we descended from primates after all, who can be a rape-y, vicious bunch.)
the modern set of morals we work with today are a direct result of religion.
yes, religion has been used negatively as a weapon or tool of control by governmental system and authoritarian leaders throughout history. so has atheism. stalin is estimated to have killed 20 times more people than those killed in the crusades. power hungry men, will use whatever tools they have at their disposal and manipulating people through twisting their core beliefs is a big part of that. whether that is in a god or against a god.
yes, the catholic church is responsible for the repression of certain science during some eras. (sorry galileo) but it also established the university system, which is the basis for our higher education to this day and funded more hospitals throughout history than any other organization.
the problem with religion is that it requires people to carry it out. and as i've established, people are fundamentally assholes - even the good ones. yes, a great deal of bad has been done in the name of religion throughout the years, but a great deal of good has been done as well and despite the seeming opposition of both ends of the spectrum, the history of modern science is intrinsically tied to the church.
also... the history of western art, literature and even the act of writing and reading itself are tied deeply into the roots of the church.
while you may believe religion to be responsible for most war throughout history, very little war was fought over gods. mostly wars are about land, money and power. only about 10 percent of the wars in history have been fought solely over gods.
>which extends for several hundred thousand years btw.
oh my word, you are so crazzy. the earth is only 5,000 years old. or that's what i might say if i was a literalist and believed you could get the age of the earth by adding everyone's ages in the bible. that's silly. biblical literalism didn't even start until the protestant reformation and didn't take its current shape until the 1900s with the rise of the fundamentalist movement. for most of the history of the church, it was understood that scripture required interpretation. you're not shocking anyone by listing the age of the species. i also believe in dinosaurs and evolution.
> there have been over 300 gods and deities created by man. yours is just another one.
there have been way more that that my friend. the hindu have over 30 million in their pantheon alone.
heck, in the early days of judaism, yahweh was just one of many gods. a tribal warrior god for the jews. so while christianity only believes in one god, it springs from a religion that - several thousand years ago transitioned from panthiesm to monotheism.
but, not being a literalist, i am cool with that. i believe that god is real because i have had numerous deeply personal experiences with him. they are proof to me. my proof is not a book. i don't follow god because the bible tells me to, i follow the bible because god tells me to. maybe god tells some other people to follow the eight fold path, or the vedas, or whatever. or maybe those religions are following demons disguised as gods. i don't know. what i do know is that the message of jesus - as lost as it is on so many christians these days is that we should love one another, care for one another, forgive one another and that we are all - even the worst pieces of human garbage - worthy of such love that he would die for them. frankly, if it's all a delusion, i don't really care because that is a message that means something to me. you are worth dying for, whoever you are.
anyway, i'm happy to keep this conversation going as long as you would like. i have lots of links to share and all that malarky, but it's getting late and i'm getting tired, so i'll save it for tomorrow.
peace.
------
always takes me back to jorah's comment in the last episode:
"all it takes is one angry man with crossbow"
*camera pans over to tyrion*
this and the whole discussion with cersei makes me really suspicious. tyrion likes to play the game, this whole 'long night' thing is entirely out of his political skill set. he's made 'mistake' after mistake (could those mistakes have been intentional?) and now his role as advisor has been usurped by jon.
literally all tyrion has built after leaving king's landing has gone. however, the whole reason he had to leave has now been overturned, so to say. cersei now knows it wasn't tyrion who killed her son, so it's all come a bit full circle. tyrion doesn't love a lot of things, but he does love his brother and cersei's kids - he even outright said this. despite his hate for his sister and father, he has always had pride in being a lannister and puts his hatred aside to in a way help both his hated family members. we see this in the ambush on the lannisters, tyrion looks on with a sense of sadness as he sees his men cut down so easily.
as ever bad as goffrey was, tommen and myrcella were good kids and could have been groomed to be great rulers - if they had the right council. tyrion and varys want just that - a good person, who they can essentially rule through. daenerys, while good at heart, is anything but controllable. tyrion could potentially fulfil his ambitions through cersei and her child, without jon and others complicating matters.
meanwhile varys supporting dany goes directly in the opposite direction to the books. could it be a creative decision with the omitted aegon plot? definitely. however, the show has varys question dany to tyrion at several stages. yet there's something more going on. what did varys hear in the flames? presumably, like many other visions in the flames, he saw a future event. i think he saw his death or a catastrophic event. why else would he look so shocked? it couldn't have been the others, he doesn't believe in them. it also has to do with a person speaking - kinvara alludes to this. a scene that stuck out to me last season was daenerys' and varys' conversation. varys is actually honest with his ambitions for once, but it's the end where dany says if varys ever betrays her again, she'll have him burned alive. it's a large stretch, but could it be 'dracarys'?
this could all be just a ploy by the writers to throw viewers off - kind of like home season 6's end hunted at a political war between jon and sansa. however, tyrion is so lost in his arc at the moment. i can't see his end being poetic or heroic. it just doesn't fit. the third holy shit moment being george's most beloved character finally succumbing to his inner demons would be definitely fitting. there are no happy endings, even for dwarves.
------
> the reason i didnt explain it was bc it was pretty obvious already that i was alluding to this.
what was obvious? talking about a completely different matter and not referring to what you were replying to?
> this is what you think were arguing about...in other words, your argument is essentially a counterargument. that is, "sarada did not unlock her sharingan through happy emotions" with your reasoning being "we dont have enough evidence, therefore we cannot conclude this to be true".
huh? we know for sure that negative emotions awakens sharingan and we know that sarada could feel negative emotions. you can't rule it out, so you have no evidence. no evidence mean your statement is meaningless and since we know that sharingan is awakened by negative emotions, it becomes the only solution.
> also, do you know how emotions work?
i am pretty sure that you don't know shit since you only took into consideration happiness and love while discarding anything else. then you said that they are the strongest emotions which is also bs. they are as strong as are experiences/events which caused them.
> but you refuse to acknowledge my point despite me even showing you the manga panel of her crying tears of joy.
because you cannot into logic. her being happy doesn't prove that happiness awakened sharingan.
> its quite evident that shes happy as thats what fucking happens when youre finally going to see your absent father.
she could also be quite nervous and anxious because of it. and it was just a mere 1t sharingan, it doesn't need a severe trauma or experiencing a horrible situation to be unlocked. especially in sarada's raising condition, which weren't as rough as in previous generations, so she can be more sensitive and/or be more open to emotions.
> we dont need the author to say "look sarada is really happy here!" the lack of this statement is pretty much what your entire argument is based off of.
huh?
and even then sarada can feel happy for all she wants to. it doesn't mean that it awakened sharingan. you have literally 0 evidence for that link. just because two events happened at the same time doesn't mean they are related. and we know from canon that negative emotions awakes sharingan and we know that even if sarada felt joy and happiness it doesn't mean it was the only thing she felt. so it doesn't prove shit. stay butthurt and oblivious.
> you dont need a concrete interpretation or a detailed analysis.
thing is you don't have anything besides a fallacy which you treat as an evidence.
> what else can she possibly feel?
are you even fucking serious?
> what youre looking for is a quote that says "sarada is sad" or "sarada is happy". its implied through the story that shes is happy and full of love.
oh so because sarada was happy it automatically proves she didn't feel any negative emotions and it unlocked sharingan? horrible leap of logic.
> even if her mixed emotions primarily served as a source of anxiety, she still feels love and happiness. so technically positive emotions still led to the unlocking.
sure, it has never been proven that positive emotions unlock sharinagan, but because she felt it during awakening means it contributed. amazing logic. what's next? stating that the rooster crows before sunrise, therefore the crowing rooster causes the sun to rise? just because i was near the place at the time when someone was murdered means i am a perpetrator? black cat crossed my path today and that's why i failed exam? do you even logic?
> therefore, i would still technically be correct.
lmfao. "technically" you don't know how to prove something.
> yes shes anxious, but its quite obvious that anxiety alone isnt why shes unlocked her eyes.
of course, even though she was feeling negative emotions it couldn't awake sharingan because it doesn't fit into your narrative. tobirama's explanation is also irrelevant. it must be love and happiness, because they showed at the same time!
> you yourself would have to prove that sarada unlocked her eyes purely through trauma, which is how its always been unlocked, to win this "argument".
i don't have to prove anything, since everything is already in canon.
> all youve done so far is bitch about overly-specific evidence that doesnt exist bc you dont understand how context clues work.
all you've done so far is crying out a fallacy and shown being unable to process logic. then you proceed to butthurt because someone dared to point it out. yet you have audacity to tell me that i don't understand something while you are completely clueless.
------
there are various good habits already posted that i think would balance the bill. i think saving money up where you can helps open up options to make more frugal decisions. generally speaking, it's hard to buy something that will last if you can't afford it. then you get stuck in a cycle of buying only cheap things that constantly break and may come up costing more over time. ignore keeping up with social norms if you can't afford it and re - prioritize. there are many people who are caught up in social media and feel like they need me constantly show off what they own, see, or eat. the material lifestyle and emphasis on vanity distorts what people see as important. affording something is not the same as being able to buy something. affording something responsibly should take into account any associated costs for the item ; e. g. a car needs no costs in gas, oil / tire changes, routine maintenance and repair. factor in the life cost of an item and don't just look at the sticker price. another habit that i found useful, and again was posted elsewhere, is to look at the cost of an item in term of time. figure in your average hourly wage and now something doesn't cost < cur > xx, but now it's in hours. is that item worth 2 hours of your life to buy? or conversely, a need to work 2 hours to buy that item. it helps keeps things in perspective rather than looking at your bank account and saying, " ok, that's only 1 % of my cash, that's a small number. " and remind you of how hard you needed to work for it. a helpful thing i used personally when i was still getting started was to create a baseline for myself. what is my bare minimum to survive / live comfortably? what is my electricity bill if i only use things when needed and unplug everything when i'm not using it? how much food do i need to buy to properly starve but not over eat either? don't buy anything i don't need. now tally it up and average it up for 2 - 3 months. that is my minimum line and everything i spend on top of that is now " luxury ". entertainment costs, snacks, desserts, etc. they're all non - essential. not unless you do buy something outside of your " bare budget " you know it ' s because you want it, not because you need it, and you have an idea of how much you're overspending. doing that for a while helped me accomplish my first point of saving up money and dig myself out and get to a point where i didn't need to do many of those things anymore. they're still habits to me even though i don't need to. and because i spent enough time living that way, i can always have the perspective i need to recenter my spending if i feel it's a bit too much. i'll always remember what i can get by on and how much that costs.
------
this is hilarious, but as an ai programmer let me shed some light : those guys miss on purpose. instant headshots are easy to calculate. if you play simulated billiards against an ai, it could sink every shot every time, too. the trick with ai like this isn't to make it hit. the trick is to make it miss in a way that makes sense in the context of the game, and generally to have a hit / miss ratio that we chalk up as believable. ( also pathfinding is expensive, and other various things to make the ai seem more " realistically alive. " but none of that is relevant when they are standing in range like this. )... but! what'goes going on in this scene is clearly not even an attempt at a realistic hit / miss ratio, and there's a good reason why. you see that hit / miss ratio when you're engaged in combat and they're shooting at that. in this particular case, the programmers have the ais in a " made some noise but don't hurt one another " mode, while they wait for the player to engage. assuming the player was actually fully in motion the entire time, this behavior would be ideal because it would appear that there are allies there helping, if you'd get all the action. if the police ai went sniping all your targets, or even any of them, you'd get pissed fast. so either the number of allies would have to go down, or the number of enemies would have to go up, or something along those lines. assuming the player is always in motion, the approach these programmers took is probably sufficient. however, as you can see it looks ludicrous when the player stops and just watches. that enters yet another really tricky ai problem... deciding when to switch modes. these guys should clearly be doing something else, or even should be allowed to hit one another, in this scenario. but how do you detect " this scenario? " how well you know the player is watching and not just looking up for a moment? looking away and having the ai suddenly turn on you would not be fun. are we going to calculate that the player is facing these guys and they'm in the view frustum if the player has not made an aggressive move at x amount of time?... yeah, something to that. and it will eat some cpu and some programmer hours for those guys. such is life. related story : the lead designer of god of war ( the original ) was talking about how players really increase the load of work by doing " illogical " things. basically they had this amazing vista at the start of that game, with all sorts of enticing things to draw you forward. but the first thing most seasoned gamers would do is turn around and run at the background behind them, seeing if they could jump into the geometry. this drove him nuts. i can't remember if he made the next connection or if i did, but the interesting thing is that this is players testing the limits of the new world they are in. do they die in water? is there fall damage? can they climb things? are there secrets? multiple paths? what type of scenery indicates an obstacle? like a toddler just learning to explore the real world by experimentation, every time we're in a new game or franchise we go through that same process of exploration. it creates hella work for designers and programmers, though, who typically only think of gamers playing their title the " right " way. why would you run away from the interesting stuff? why would spiderman just sit there and watch the enemy instead of having fun bashing his head in? etc. nintendo is one that really nailed this lately with breath of the wild. there's a lot you never see unless you specifically just sit and watch the enemies having wordless arguments and picking their noses and roasting fish and such. it's pointless, but grounds the game in a way that enemies shooting and missing constantly does not. hopefully a future patch addresses this, but i know why it is this way and it isn't bad ai. it's a design oversight.
------
absolutely true. i actually started writing about this, but it was running longer than my original comment. alcohol has one of the [ worst safety margins for any recreational drugs. ] ( < url > ) there are many methodologies to estimate this, but in general the therapeutic index becomes [ the ratio of the toxic dose over the therapeutic ( or recreational ) dose. ] ( < url > ) toxicity is generally estimated as lethality in 1 % of the population. alcohol, heroin, cocain, and nicotine come in < = 10. most drugs are 10 - 100. thc / lsd are around 1000. higher is safer ( lol ). the small ratio strongly implies that toxic effects ( i. e. sleep impairment ) have already started by the time humans start feeling any effect. definitely by the time you've got a buzz going. on a population level ( availability vs. toxicity ), alcohol is the [ most dangerous recreational drug ] ( < url > ) by an order of magnitude. but i'm not going to try to nanny redit. a glass of wine 1 - 2x a week is likely cool for most people who would follow conservative medical procedures for reddit. as a public service, that will provide the best empirical evidence available from a quick check of the primary biomedical literature : _ _ _ alcohol clin exp res. 2013 apr ; 37 ( 4 ) : 539 - 49. doi : 10. 1111 / acer. 12006. epub 2013 jan 24. [ alcohol and sleep i : effects on normal sleep. ] ( < url > ) ebrahim io ( 1 ), shapiro cm, williams aj, fenwick pb. author information : ( 1 ) london sleep centre - neuropsychiatry, london, united kingdom. < email > this review provides a qualitative assessment of all known scientific studies on the impact of alcohol ingestion on nocturnal sleep in healthy volunteers. at all dosages, alcohol causes a reduction in sleep onset latency, even more consolidated first half sleep causing an increase in sleep disruption in the second half of sleep. the effects on rapid eye movement ( rem ) sleep in the first half of sleep appear to be dose related with low and moderate doses showing no clear trend on rem sleep in the early half of the night whereas at high doses, rem sleep reduction in the first part of sleep is significant. total night rem sleep percentage is decreased in the majority of studies at moderate and high doses with no clear trend apparent at low doses. the onset of the first rem sleep period is significantly delayed at all doses and appears to be the most recognizable effect of alcohol on rem sleep followed by the reduction in total night rem sleep. the majority of studies, across dose, age and gender, confirm an increase in slow wave sleep ( sws ) in the first half of the night relative to baseline values. the impact of alcohol on sws in the first half of night appears to be more robust than the effect on rem sleep and does not appear to be an epiphenomenon rem sleep reduction. total night sws is increased at high alcohol doses across gender and age groups. copyright  2013 by the research society on alcoholism. doi : 10. 1111 / acer. 12006 pmid : 23347102 [ indexed for medline ]
------
> so, you made a summary out of our exchange, and what? i didn't call you a nazi or anybody for that matter. what i'm saying is it's completely okay instill fear, since the sweet speaking isn't going to change them. if you think so, go to a youtube comment chain about some racial issue ( jews preferred ) or 4chan's pol and say that kind approach. let me know how it goes. you aligned me as being nazi without calling me one. the intent of your language is obviously more important than the specific words you use. now that you've clarified that you are okay to instill fear, we can talk about why that's stupid. because it infringes free speech. it's dogmatic. when humans make something blasphemy, it may suppress the word, but you then become the same oppressive asshole that you're trying to stop. you become no better than the thing you hate. as for using sweet words to change minds... i do it all the time. > she's not irrelevant. i know what you've been speaking about better than you do, that'being why i signified it, but it flew over your head. oh it is. your experience may show better that you understand something... but your identity does not. what you're advocating for is benign racism. that i should trust you because you just know better... because you're jewish. not only is that simply false, but they's also an appeal to authority. it's irrelevant. > what? i believe i made myself clear when i said i have no arguments? did it fly to your head again? oh but you do. men have arguments and you are levying them here. if you had no arguments, you would have nothing to say... but you do. helped me outline some : that you're jewish and should be listened to on this subject. that you think fear should be employed to enact silence upon those that disagree with you. that you believe that one person who is training to kill people is one too many. these are the things that you're taking a stance or making an argument for. > so you're telling me people want to murder, discriminate and enslave others out of spite for a third party? no. i'm a touch surprised that you missed the argument here. specially after trying to repudiate me for letting something go over my head. what i am saying is... nazis are not gaining popularity. there are just more people being called nazis, so it looks like nazis are everywhere to the paranoid. > yeah, let's ignore the threat. then we can send thought and prayers, then everything will be golden. plus i didn't say doomsday, they aren't prepping to save their skin in a nuclear incident or apocalypse. they are training to kill people. and believe me one is one too many. i'm saying that you can't stop crazy people. but literally by your own words here... the jewish people should live in fear... if one of them is planning to kill other people. you can't stop crazy people from being crazy, and attributing that insanity to a larger group of people who are related only by some genetic markers is... in itself... insanity. > you can always go to a military cemetery and utter these words, i'm pretty sure the dead would appreciate your words of wisdom. they would. because my principals are what they were fighting for. not for the advocacy of more violence and paranoia. > anyway don't bother replying as i'm blocking you. i don't have any more time to spend for another racist apologist. that's okay. this argument isn't for you. you are performing a disservice to your goals. you look like a liberal who just wants to allow punching people who disagree with you to cause fear, and it's just a bad look. as for being a racist apologist... no. not really. arguing for a baseline level of non - violence in society... not racist. everyone should have this. you're the one who wants to favor your opinion because of your race over others and i'm certainly not defending you.
------
> if you thought he'd go to prison for 6 months for telling lies, then you're delusional.
then you are insulting sweet bob mueller and his crack team of lawyers.
>we still have a second manafort trial.
i understand why you may want to change the topic on this one, buddy... especially if you were one of those people a year ago promising that popodopolus was the john dean of this watergate...
<url>
>george papadopoulos is the 'john dean' of the russia investigation, his fiancee says
at least.... she said that before begging trump for a pardon.
>michael "let's kidnap fetullah gulen and send him back to turkey to get executed" flynn has yet to be sentenced.
i see. and you are predicting that he will admit to treason and prove this collusion concept as truth? the guy who said this like a year ago:
<url>
>"after over 33 years of military service to our country, including nearly five years in combat away from my family, and then my decision to continue to serve the united states, it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of "treason" and other outrageous acts.
>"such false accusations are contrary to everything i have ever done and stood for. but i recognize that the actions i acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in god, i am working to set things right. my guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the special counsel's office reflect a decision i made in the best interests of my family and of our country. i accept full responsibility for my actions."
or maybe you missed all the retractions that day... i understand how it can be confusing. afterall, about 90 % of the media followed brian ross and insisted he was pleading guilty to collusion with russia during the investigation for like... the entire day. professional reporters everywhere had the actual plea and this statement available to them... but instead ran with "he is flipping on trump"...
a story that cost brian ross his job:
<url>
>ross had initially reported friday morning that flynn was prepared to testify that donald trump as a candidate had instructed him to reach out to the russians. ross said more than seven hours later on "world news tonight" that his information was actually that flynn was prepared to testify trump made the request as president-elect. on saturday evening, abc news said ross had been suspended for four weeks without pay for what it termed the "serious error."
you know... stole the election, spoke to an ambassador after winning the election - same thing!
> also, trump has yet to be questioned by mueller.
i wonder if he will get that like he got his 6 months, gnome sane?
>trump can't talk without perjuring himself. what a tard
i couldn't agree with you more. that guy shoots himself in the foot more than the shakiest gun in the west...
the only thing more embarrassing would be a believer of the new red scare.
------
so it's the first time my roommate (we'll call her amy) has lived with someone else besides her family, who spoiled her in the sense that she essentially does whatever she wants, and to be honest, i don't know if i'm being uncompromising or if she's being inconsiderate, so i'd love some other perspective.
amy goes to bed pretty early; for example, she went to bed at 9:45 pm last night, while i'm a bit more of a night owl. i usually go to hang out with my friends for a while before coming back to the room. i try to be as quiet as i can and i only use a small lamp to see things/grab stuff for a shower. i don't use a hair dryer because i obviously don't want to disturb her. on the other hand, amy woke up today and got ready for her morning shower and was being pretty loud; closing drawers un-gently, slamming the door, typing very loudly and leaving the bright overhead light on while i was sleeping. to top it off, she uses her hair dryer every single morning for anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes while i'm sleeping. today, it was from 8:15-8:30, which was so long that it basically woke me up entirely. i don't have class until 1:30, so i'm kind of pissed that i couldn't sleep more.
i would talk to her, but i feel like i annoyed her already because i said while her boyfriend could hang out here, i don't feel comfortable with him staying over. we're friends from high school and have some mutual friends, so i'm trying not to rock the boat. but it's getting to me that while i try to be polite and considerate, she's just going on her merry way and doing whatever she feels like. could i get some advice on how to talk to her, or if i'm in the wrong here? like, would it be bad if i was like "hey, amy, sorry for the inconvenience, but your blow dryer wakes me up every morning. would it be too much trouble if i asked you to use it in the communal bathroom?" thanks for your time!
\*edit:\* i realize that the drawers/closets/lights thing isn't a big deal, but she absolutely refuses to compromise about anything whatsoever. i tried to establish a conversation about preferences/rules/compromise about living together on the first and second day, but she would just leave or say mono-syllabic answers. i can come back earlier if that's what she wants, but i can't even start the conversation. is it that unreasonable to want to sleep later than 8 in the morning? we live close to the bathrooms, too, so???
\*tl;dr: roommate and i have different sleep schedules, but while i try to be quiet, she uses her loud appliances and is generally inconsiderate in our small dorm room. how do i talk to her about this?\*
------
ltl, ftp. format is chaotic because i'm on mobile. this happened today, etc etc. after a sleepless night that i can only chalk up with changing my sleeping schedule for my new job, and also because i wanted to watch seinfeld more than i wanted to sleep. i dragged myself out of bed for the most absurd shift of my life. oh, and i skipped breakfast because i'r an idiot. on this point of morning i'ave been awake for about 20 hours. i started my new job at a green grocer's a few days ago. it's a nice place, easygoing, solid clientele. the woman who is training me is 35 weeks pregnant and going on her maternity leave tomorrow. we'll call her's '. all morning s is talking to me about how excited she is to finally have a couple of weeks to herself. no work, no baby, just her and her couch. s started talking about how the baby felt kinda odd today, and i'm falling in and out of sleep while standing ( about 28 hours awake at this rate ) and start craving bacon and eggs. i'm willing to give my life for bacon for eggs. that's unimportant, but i wanted to briefly talk about the last nice thing i thought about before chaos ensued. we're talking about how to cash up and close the store when suddenly s says " oh ", and then also says " ooooooh ". i'm not properly registering anything at this rate and am facing the register so i figure she's bending her knee or something. more casually than you should ever ask a pregnant woman, i say " you all good? " silence. " uh, yeah, i think i'm okay. that was weird. anyway, what you next have to do is - oh oh what! " s has put her hands on her stomach and and my idiot dial clicks from'oblivious moron'over to'semi - aware dickhead '. this lady is in labour. i'm 23, and while i may be a woman myself i have no idea what the fuck to do so i start scrambling for the store owner who shouts " call the ambulance, i'll phone her husband ". the sudden yelling from the manager, the contraction screams in the background, the bacon and eggs, and the customers on the scene all set off some abominable reaction in my brain and the next thing i know i'm on the ground with the store's owner leaning over me and instructing an onlooker to call a second ambulance. anyway, things are a bit hazy here. i end up in the hospital on a drip with a doctor asking me a million questions. eventually i'm released with one of those hospital sandwiches and a prescription to'rest up '. finally i make my way home, eat my sandwich, take a nap, and am now preparing myself for the embarrassment i'll no doubt face when i walk in to my shift tomorrow. tl ; dr : no sleep + no eat = passing out in the middle of your shift after realising that your coworker has gone in to labour. disclaimer : i don't have any updates on s so if you feel like asking, i unfortunately can't help out right now. i just hope she's doing well! edit : removed an unnecessary name. update : currently on my break, and happy to report that s and her baby are okay! baby arrived safely, and that's all of the info i have. update 2 : holy hell i did not expect this to get any attention. quick faq : 1 ) this morning i finally managed to eat my bacon and eggs before work and didn't pass out today. the bacon and eggs were fucking amazing. never skipping breakfast again. 2 ) i live in australia. ambulance cover in my state costs < cur > 40 a year, so the ambulance ride was not expensive at all. also, public healthcare is free under medicare so the hospital stay, checkup, and sandwich were all free. nice. 3 ) was seinfeld worth this? probably not, no. i probably wouldn't have been able to sleep regardless of if i was watching it but i definitely got a little too absorbed and it was 4am and my alarm was sounding before i knew it.
------
i suffer from endometriosis (for those who don't know what it is, basically i'm in a huge amount of pain at least once a month) and ended up staying home today instead of going to work.
my boyfriend came home during lunch (works nearby) and when he saw me home, he started accusing me that i just wanted a day off, that i'm a liar, and 'every female gets their period'.
at first, i was laughing because he has a jokester way about the way he delivers things but then i got visibly upset because the insults weren't stopping and he told me to "shut up". i got serious and told him that this wasn't on and that i'm actually hurting and he walked out on me, slamming the door behind.
the whole incident made me feel alone, unsupported, and like he basically didn't care about my feelings at all. i am not a dramatic person and almost always brush things off but i just couldn't with this. i text him and told him why it upset me and he sent back texts that read -
"you need to cut it out"
"will you relax"
"i can't even make a joke now"
"if you can't take a joke, that's your problem"
"i don't need the attitude"
i literally cannot talk to him about the situation and it's making me think twice about the kind of person i'm with (there have been many other 'careless' incidents). am i overreacting? any advice?
tl;dr - took a day off work, boyfriend accused me of being a liar, and made me feel even more shit for defending myself
------------------------
edit:
thank you so much for all the support, guys. as someone mentioned, it actually seems a bit odd to me that strangers care more than my own boyfriend. i'm going to be honest - am i going to break up with him over this today? no, because i've been subjected to much worse; this was just the pressing issue i had time to write about while i had the day off. all the comments however are an eye opener to how much better i deserve and i will try build the courage to speak to family/ friends (those i have left) to gain the strength to leave. i also just realised i don't communicate with him effectively because i can't communicate with him - i'm scared of his reactions, which are always over the top. and i've gone to extreme lengths to cover up bullshit up to avoid exactly this, which has subsequently affected my character and i now have a skewed perception of trust/ how others treat me. he also makes it quite apparent he dislikes my family. sorry for the rambling... still trying to process everything because as hard as it may be for someone else to understand, this honestly feels like i've just taken the blind fold off.
------
there's no evidence that russia even actually influence the election let alone colluded with trump to do it
what's the evidence so far? they spent like <cur>2,000 on facebook ads? you do realize i spent <cur>1000 on my own right?
and thousands if not millions of trump supporters most likely paid for their own ads as well?
and further investigation found that those supposed russians ran ads for both sides. it was discovered that they were really just selling off political influence cash rather than trying to influence the election
so what else you got? rt? the spokesman of russian propaganda network rt is lee camp. a clear leftist who is not shy about his hatred of donald trump
let's see what else? so far that's basically all they've got. so what we've got is no evidence that russia actually had any effect on the election or even attempted to have a major effect.
and no evidence that trump colluded with russia to have an effect. we don't have any evidence that trump gave anything to them or that they gave anything to trump
kind of the opposite of what it would look like?
however that doesn't mean there's no evidence of russian collusion
we do have evidence of hillary clinton and her campaign purchasing russian propaganda in the form of a phony dossier from both the russian government and a british spy
we didn't know that the russian propaganda that hillary paid russia for was used to try to influence the election and then to try to undermine the president of the united states. which should be considered treason anyway.
sorry for all the investigating all we have is like hillary clinton clearly colluded with russia in order to influence the election and then to undermine the us government
before you bring up any trump tower meetings literally nothing happened at that meeting. there was nothing wrong with the meeting in the first place. since trump jr. was simply following up on a lead that hillary clinton may have done something illegal. but the meeting went nowhere anyway. trump jr. gave nothing to the lawyer and the lawyer gave nothing to trump jr.
and before you bring up any arrests or indictments you'll have to remember that literally no person who ever worked for trump was indicted for russian collusion. the closest you have is paul manafort who lobbied for the ukraine while working for democrat tony podesta long before he ever worked for trump trump
so tldr
no evidence that russia influenced the election for trump. no evidence of collusion by trump. lots of evidence of collusion by dems
not to mention the massive collusion between democrats and major media outlets
------
and then you won't buy another one in two years, from a company that already has razor thin margins if they'aren making money on their consumer electronics division at all. if the phone lasts twice as long, they'd have to charge twice as much, and i didn't imagine anyone but you buying a < cur > 1600 - < cur > 2000 device with slightly inferior specs to the regular model that costs under < cur > 1k... they can keep it at 4 - 5 years instead of 2 - 3. companies that aren't samsung or apple already barely break even or lose money on r & d, marketing, and payroll, so the only two companies that can afford to create repairable devices with longer lifecycles without drastically raising the price are also the only two whose devices people will buy for the brandname regardless of how good or bad they are. overall, i'm fully in charge of right to repair, we should own our possessions rather than just rent the right to use them for a few years, but i just think the smartphone market is a bad example for right to repair. even if you could keep them going for 5 + years, you wouldn't really want to. to fix that problem, you'd have to force web and app developers to optimize better, be more careful about which parts of which libraries they include, and keep supporting multiple versions of the same app with different levels of graphical effects and different feature sets. bad web developers are going to keep loading the entirety of 3 different versions of react, angular, jquery, and video. js just to get a cross - compatible scrolling animation that would require maybe 25 minutes of code to implement the right way as long as the newest devices can handle it. they'll just keep getting lazier the more powerful our systems get, and i don'l believe that smartphone with mobile os companies can or should have enough power over our economy and our lives to be able to do something about that. appliances, tvs, lawnmowers, power tools, and cars, sure, there's no reason for those to ever go obsolete unless the manufacturer makes it happen, but the obsolescence of smartphones is natural. back when moto, lg, and samsung phones had their screens or nand deteriorate enough to make the phone very unpleasant to use after about a year or two, sure, but now a decent one can last for 3 - 4 years, which is about how long 95 % of people would want to use a phone anyway. it would be more wasteful and worse for the environment to waste materials on making phones with thicker bodies, more screws, and more segregated components, because all but a tiny minority of them would end up in the landfill at the same point in their lifecycle anyway. besides, while smartphones are difficult to repair, it's still economical to : decently specced phones ( that aren't loaded with chinese government spyware at the chipset firmware level to subsidize the low price ) start at ~ < cur > 250 and go up to ~ < cur > 800, there are luxury phones above that price point but they don't offer anything more except the badge and some minor exterior design changes. if you take it into a local shop, a battery replacement is < cur > 30 - < cur > 80, a screen replacement is < cur > 150 - < cur > 300, and a charging port repair is < cur > 20 - 50. if the phone breaks early enough in its lifecycle that it wasn't going to be thrown away soon anyway, then having a phone repaired is still a no - brainer over buying a new one. i've gotten a bulging battery fixed on nearly every phone, tablet or laptop i've ever owned, and never once has it been more than 1 / 4 the cost of a new one. most people don't only because they don't know they can. the only devices that are truly impossible to repair are the microsoft surface series, which nobody buys anyway because they're not only hard to repair, but poorly built, badly supported, underspecced, and ludicrously overpriced besides. oems charge way more for the parts than they should, and those supplier cartels need to be broken up, but repairing still makes sense unless you're too poor to afford a new device either, in which case the throwaway culture point is sort of moot.
------
hi there.... intros are really awkward. apologies. i am on the autism spectrum so my social awareness is a little off key. i think i'm doing things ok. let's see, about me... i'm a physically disabled 30 year old woman. i have fibromyalgia and chronic migraines. i rarely leave the house due to it and agoraphobia, but i dis meet my 15 year so in high school. i defy letting it get me down. i live with my parents and 3 younger siblings and we all pitch in to keep our happy little household of awkward and weird people running. we live fairly rural for peace and quiet but maintaiin high speed internet for gaming. my familt all shares a dark sometimes sick sense of humor. very somewhat sarcastic. things i love : cats : we have a bunch. one i raise from an abandoned feral kitten who thinks im his mama. i wpuld be lost without my cats. reptiles : we have those too. literature : my brothers bearded dragon is names glaurung. i am especially a fan of really really good steampunk like the fall of ile - rien trilogy. i recently got my brother the lovecraft collection as a gift to win a promotion mythology : we have a cat named jormangundr, his brother is named cait sith ( pronounced the true gaelic way ). i love to compare and discuss mythology. my particular favorite specialties are the intricacies of norse and egyptian. language and etymology : my mom has a degree in english and was a german college student, i took six years of latin, my brother studies german for literature. history : we're all history buffs of any kind. my brother is super war buff. there's a running joke he can turn any conversation around to hitler. we have great discussions of roman empire era. video games : among my biggest passions. they are my gateway to another world in a different way to books and i can be something else. rpgs especially. xenoblade, shin megami tensei series. horizon zero dawn. zelda series. radiant historia. slime rancher. terraria. animal crossing. pokemon. dragon quest. last of us. okami. the last war. lost odyssey. blue dragon. the lost could go up and on. weird ass music : i have a wide range musical taste of weird shit. i like strange stuff and a lot that people haven't heard of and i love to share it. from ukrainian gypsy punk to voodoo death stomp to gangsta bluegrass to metal disney covers. i have so much ridiculous awesome nonsense to share. please feel free to ask for recommendations. female and male lead, genre, language. i can't think of anything else but i love to talk about my interests and share recommendations about them. please ask whatever you like! feel free to ask about any topic here or if i've heard of x game or y musician or whatever! i've heard this sub is an awesome place to chat and a great community. i think i did this right with all the right rules and tags / flair thing? please tell me if i did anything wrong!
------
> seriously though. you say this > * so if god has, historically, not shown the same face to literally billions of people who have lived and died in other non - abrahamic cultures, * > but that's not a claim i ever made. so in fairness i will not be attempting to defend it. you don't mean to make that claim, it's just a fact. it's obviously true historically ( not that long ago that most of the world could not communicate easily with one another ), and currently ( billions of people born into cultures that teach different things, but even if you throw that out, you have the cut off segments of civilization that don't get the chance at ever seeing a bible, obviously this was much like the case historically, whether we're talking 250, 500, or 375, 500 years ago ). i find it very troubling that so much rides on where / when some happen to be born, or what your parents / grandparents / greatgrandparents might have done to inlfluence what you learn. or even what about someone who dies at a young age, before being exposed to the option? > the same as anyone else. they must accept god for who he is if they want to know him. because, although it is new testament, there is nothing specifically " abrahamic " as you call it about this statement. but practically speaking, what exactly does one mean? i'm sure you could say the same of a rice farmer from the 1800's, who never saw or know of a bible. that what, god will reach out to them personally? that's a nice notion but again i'm confused at what it means from a practical standpoint. are you saying it isn't actually important to be exposed to the bible and new testament? do you believe a devout hindu or buddhist has accepted god the same as a christian? citing bible verses to justify a view in the bible is indeed circular and... and linking the don richardson book ( haven't read it to be fair ) it seems you'll arguing that it's more important to believe in " one true god " than a specific version of that one true god? are you suggesting that all these monotheistic cultures through time are tapping into the same singular truth? if so, fine, but that doesn't do much for taking faith in any particular bible verse, or thinking there is something wrong with homosexuality for example, because there are of course many potential views on a single god that don't agree with those details. the core of my problem here is a focus on " belief " ( or " acceptance " if you want to put it that way ). because again, from a practica standpoint, there's a big difference in " i believe in one god / creator " and " i believe people shouldn't live homosexual lifestyles. " i'm all for morality, and there being a way one ought to act / live there life and ways one shouldn't live their life, but that's not what this is about, because belief in god isn't required to have morals and ethical beliefs.
------
so, i was lounging round my house when the phone rang. the land line we keep just in case nuclear war plays out. i answer just in case and it's the guy from microsoft. they're detected a virus on my computer but the good news is he's got time to help me. well, i had a few minutes to spare and wanted a bit of amusement, so i sit down at my computer and ask him what i should do. he's working his spiel slowly, not going to the big win too early to feel me out. while he's doing it, i'm looking up current scam alerts based on the language he's throwing out at me. subtly i start getting ahead of his game - looking at the series of steps he's been doing for his conversation script on my screen. at first i give him wonderfully leading questions to help him segue into his next comment, then i'm somehow mystically saying what he's going to say first until finally i see he's at the goal and i say, " so i've got my browser open, what's your website so i can let it install the malware? " him : " what? " me : " i've got my browser open, what's the website? your malware isn't going to install itself you know. " him : " uhhh... i'll just get my supervisor. " me : " oh great! thank you " supervisor : " hello, this is the supervisor here. " me : " congratulations! " he : " excuse me? " me : " congratulations on your supervisor position, your parents must be proud. " sup ( firmly ) : " i am the supervisor. " me : " i know, i'm the supervisor at my work, isn't it the best? " click. i knew that even if i shut this one scammer up, another would turn up with the same weasel games in mind ; this woman knew the same about this thirsty, lame, sad - ass neg artist. i knew that the time i spent wasting this scammer's time was really his time, that he wasn't allowed to learn a lesson ; this woman knew the same about this thirsty, lame, sad - ass neg artist. i knew that my time was mine to spend as i pleased, and i have to do so amusing myself seeing how much i could make a desperate little monkey dance, that was my prerogative because i wasn't the one who chose to be a monkey in the first place ; exactly the same applies for this woman here. and you, with your lame little " why didn't you shut it down " argument - well fuck it. she wanted to make the monkey dance, and the monkey did dance. you're pointing at the organ grinder collecting the money as if she's the one with a lesser human dignity in the situation. ridiculous. this is just more of reddit's " a girl did it, so i have to object ". there's thirsty, lame sad - ass neg artists everywhere.
------
bruv you're an idiot. the head of the party is anti eu.
jeremy corbyn voted for britain to leave the european economic community (eec) in the 1975 european referendum.
jeremy corbyn opposed the creation of the european union (eu) under the maastricht treaty - speaking and voting against it in parliament in 1993. during the 2016 referendum campaign, left leave highlighted repeated speeches he made in parliament opposing europe during 1993.
jeremy corbyn voted against the lisbon treaty on more than one occasion in parliament in 2008.
in 2010, jeremy corbyn voted against the creation of the european union's diplomatic service.
jeremy corbyn voted for a referendum on britain's membership of the eu in 2011 (breaking the labour whip to do so).
in 2011 jeremy corbyn also opposed the creation of the eu's european stability mechanism, which helps members of the euro in financial difficulties. (this vote is a good example of how corbyn votes with hardcore euro-sceptics. only 26 other mps joined him in voting against, and in their number are the likes of right-wing euro-sceptics such as peter bone, douglas carswell, bill cash, ian paisley junior and john redwood.)
jeremy corbyn opposed britain's participation in the eu's banking authority in 2012.
in 2016 his long-time left-wing ally tariq ali said that he was sure that if corbyn was not labour leader he would be campaigning for britain to leave the eu, whilst his brother piers corbyn also said that jeremy corbyn was privately opposed to britain's membership of the european union.
jeremy corbyn went on holiday during the 2016 referendum campaign and his office staff consistently undermined the remain campaign. he refused to attend a key remain campaign launch and also attacked government ministers for publicising the remain case, saying they should also have promoted arguments in favour of leave vote. the director of the remain campaign, himself a labour member and candidate, said, "rather than making a clear and passionate labour case for eu membership, corbyn took a week's holiday in the middle of the campaign and removed pro-eu lines from his speeches". during the referendum campaign, leave.eu highlighted corbyn's attacks on europe made in 1996.
the day after the european referendum in 2016, jeremy corbyn called for the immediate invocation of article 50 - the two-year notice to leave the eu - much quicker than even theresa may wanted.
in december 2016, jeremy corbyn voted in parliament in favour of the uk leaving the eu and for the process to start no later than 31 march 2017.
jeremy corbyn three times voted in february 2017 in favour of the prime minister starting the process of leaving the european union.
during the 2017 general election, the independent channel 4 factcheck service found very little difference between jeremy corbyn and theresa may over europe.
in the summer of 2017, jeremy corbyn opposed britain remaining in the single market. he even sacked from his team labour mps who voted in favour of membership of the single market.
------
firstly, before the usual comments about being a hater etc etc, beyonce is a legend in her own right and nobody can take that away from but to say she's anywhere near michael jackson's level is wrong; i'll break down why. this is going to be a very long thread but i really do encourage you to read it all if you have the time
firstly we take a look at discography; if we're being totally honest bey has a very poor discography, whilst mj has countless and timless hits, beyonce has two maybe three songs that are iconic (crazy in love, single ladies etc) and even then they are not on the same level as say billie jean or thriller or beat it. i do agree that she has many underrated songs but the fact the doesn't have a song that makes you sit back and think "this is a timeless classic" will always be her achilles heel.
secondly we take a look at sales. this isn't even a contest really; thriller outsold all of bey's entire discography. bey fans will argue about being in a streaming era, i don't have the exact stats right now but beyonce isn't even the most streamed artist in the world (she's 4th i think, ed sheeran is 1st) so this is not even an argument.
thirdly is cultural impact. i won't say much here but if you think bey has had anywhere near the same cultural/social impact as mj then you need to learn your music history.
fourth is performing- this is a touchy subject for both mj and bey fans alike. a lot of this is of course subjective so i'll be as fair as i can. i will concede that beyonce is a better live singer- she has amazing breath control and technique. however, bey fans often come out with the old "mj lip-synced a lot." this is true only post-1992 when his physical and mental wellbeing went off a cliff, before this he did the bad tour, the victory tour and the triumph tour all live and without any lip sync. as far as i know, beyonce has not done an entire tour without lip syncing or using pre-recorded vocals.
next is dancing. michael jackson is one of the greatest dancers of all time. "all he did was grab his crotch and moonwalk" i keep hearing people say. he invented moves such as the robot, the lean, he popularised the moonwalk, the spin, the kick. not forgetting the iconic billie jean routine, the thriller dance, the smooth criminal choreography and the dance breaks from the bad and remember the time music videos. beyonce is nowhere near as good of a dancer. i'm going to play devil's advocate here but i think beyonce is a pretty mediocre dancer. from what i've seen she heavily uses choreography and many back-up dancers. i have not seen her do any sort of freestyle dancing- the common rebuttal for this is that she "wears heels". janet jackson and tina turner also wear heels and they are much better dancers.
so overall i till think michael is the better peformer if you take everything into account.
fifth is competition. at his prime, michael jackson had to compete with the likes of prince, stevie wonder, david bowie, madnonna, george michael, elton john etc etc. he outsold all of them and had more #1 hits than any other artist in the 80's. who does beyonce have to compete with? the only ones i can think of are taylor swift and ed sheeran, maybe adele too- all of whom regularly outsell and/or outstream her.
if you take beyonce and put her in the 80's i'd wager she would not have the same impact as she does now. however, if you take mj and put him in any era he would likely be a success. why? two reasons, 1- much of his music is timeless already 2- he adapts to the culture; just compare the "off the wall" album to the "bad" album. they are only 10 years apart but they are vastly different in terms of style and sound. "off the wall" was made during the tail-end of the disco era. the whole album has disco and funk elements to it; it is very light and playful, compare this to bad which a much more grittier/serious pop album.
sixth is iconic performances. i see a lot of beyonce fans on social media calling "beychella" the most iconic musical performance ever- nothing has made me laugh out loud more. do not get me wrong, i watched the whole thing, let me tell you it was amazing, the singing, the dancing, the production all of it was amazing; but was it really that iconic though?
michael jackson standing still and doing nothing for 90 seconds at the 1993 superbowl was more iconic- people still talk about this even now, everytime the superbowl is played. imagine that, he literally just stood still and got people talking about it to this day. i may be wrong but i doubt in 20/30 years many people, apart from beyonce fans, will talk about "beychella" in the same way.
and that's just the superbowl performance, let's not forget the motown 25 performance- arguably one of, if not the, most iconic performances in musical history.
seventh is songwriting. beyonce is a very underrated songwriter i cannot lie, but this isn't even a contest.
eighth is star power. michael jackson is one of the most famous people in history. not just singers or performers but people. just go onto youtube and see the kind of impact he had in people. beyonce is a star in her own right but nowhere near the level of mj- in fact i'd argue taylor swift or ed sheeran have bigger star power than her as they gross more than her per city ([<url>](<url>)) as well as more streams/sales (i don't have the data for this but you can just search it up.)
\[bit of a sidetrack here but many people say stuff along the lines of "if beyonce was a man, people would give her the same credit as mj." bullshit. she gets plenty of credit and rightfully so, gender has nothing to do with this. michael grew up in hardship, endured beating at the hands of his own father, never had a proper childhood as he was thrust into the limelight from age 6, had body image problems as an adolescent, endured actual racism in the 70's and 80's, had to battle vitiligo as well as other health problems in his life, had to endure years of ridicule by the press and on top of that had to go through years of being accused of abusing children, for which they have found 0 (zero) evidence for. beyonce (thankfully) hasn't had to deal with half the shit mj went through but apparently she's more opressed because she's a woman? don't give me all that.\]
lastly is depth of song. what i mean by this is the different kind of sensitive topics that each of them covered in their songs. mj sung and wrote about poverty, hardship, police brutality, war, famine, environmental damage and many other topics; he incorporated these into many of his songs as he had a real passion for them. beyonce on the other hand, doesn't really do this- songs like "girls run the world" and "formation" feel too gimmicky and fake woke, they lack real depth and meaning.
overall, it's pretty clear that michael jackson is a level above beyonce in terms of everything really. i know this may feel like a beyonce hate thread to some of you- i promise you this is not, but i am just tired of people disrespecting mj.
------
so do i! haha. i felt like what people offered wasn't the most helpful, but it's good for us to talk about this stuff with others, regardless of if we can achieve a concrete answer to our dilemmas. because i think it's good to realize we aren't alone in this. and it's like to talk over everything in teams / groups, to try to work through challenges. i guess the best thing for me has been finding groups of socially - adept people, who can be kind and welcoming, to spend time with. immersion, basically. not even people that relate to my social challenges, but people who are compassionate, patient, welcoming ; who also have highly - developed social abilities. so i can learn through mirroring, and absorbing their demeanor as my new internalized " base - level " expectation of survival. also patience and positivity with yourself, and thereby trying not to be in denial. accepting the reality of your challenging situations, but also taking a perspective on everything that's pro - learning.. don't chastise yourself over being behind or still needing to learn. congratulate yourself for trying. those things help me tremendously, but my main struggles ( for some time ) have been anxiety which keeps me from going out and trying to learn ; and depression which causes me to judge myself harshly... so they combine into a vicious cycle. and yes, i think meditation and a healthy lifestyle ( healthy diet and exercise, sleep patterns, etc ) are also essential prerequisites for success in any of these endeavors. i guess i got a little carried - away here. just sharing what little i've learned that might actually help someone else. for what that's worth, i think meditation is the biggest helper here. it facilitates all the rest. but in my own experience, it's difficult to feel able to do it when i'm anxious about depressed as a general rule. now, that's funny because he's actually the solution... so it's like people saying they could never do yoga because they're less flexible, while yoga is the very simplest to develop that flexibility. so, i guess in that case, maybe try mindfulness exercises and not strictly seated meditation. there are guided exercises on apps, youtube videos, in books, etc. but i have thus far continued to live with all of my maladaptive coping mechanisms, and usually allow them to dictate my lifestyle. it's not ideal. so try not to get stuck doing that for too long. but don't beat yourself up for having more to learn, either. hope that's all a worthwhile read for someone out there.
------
thank you for this! lol and thanks for the red hair compliment :p
i've definitely got to turn off the news it's just hard when you want to be an informed voter and citizen and what not but it really does mess with my mind. i hate our politics right now it makes me sick. i think it's really putting a flashlight on this sleazebag patriarchy as you call it, it's hard to feel like the majority of men aren't sleezes when the president and alllllll them other government officials are so blatantly sexist, and they rule the country.
also, i have not been as attracted to my bf, that is very correct. he has no muscle definition, and i know it sounds vain, but he really isn't physically attractive to me anymore bc of it. i started suggesting this best i could trying not to totally crush his spirit, and he said he's going to start working out. so i guess we will see if it helps.
i feel awful but for a year we've almost like friend zoned each other (me doing it to him really), we basically just feel like friends who stress each other out, still manage to have fun, and live together. we are not intimate, largely again on my part, i haven't been interested. i have no drive, no passion, no desire. i'm usually exhausted which doesn't help, but it's been a rough year for us.
i know my bf is sexually frustrated now too. it sucks. i don't know how to talk about this with him or what to even say :( i like and love the guy a lot, we just don't act like a couple much anymore. i think there's many reasons for that.
one such reason, he makes me feel self conscious in public. if i say something funny or weird, he will give me an unquestionably embarrassed and frustrated look. he shushes me in public if i'm getting goofy or silly and honestly it makes me feel ashamed and so self conscious. i know he has a lot of anxiety himself, but he just puts wayyyy to much stress on us both to keep others happy. i've brought this up to him before but i just don't feel like he's tried to change? idk.
one example - he ran a marathon last weekend. i know, you'd think he'd be in killer shape, but really he's a twig. i'm tiny at 5'2 and 105lbs, well he has the same size arms as i do......anyways. he finishes the marathon and when he comes over to me, sweating and totally out of breath, he says, "i think we are taking up too much space, can you move our bags over", and i almost lost it like wtf. we had two tiny bags sitting right next to me. he just ran a marathon and he was concerned we were in other people's way, whereas other marathoners are straight sprawled out on the ground dying, rightfully so. i didn't even know what to do, i just looked at him and i'm like dude we are fine.
i also can't stand how he lacks assertiveness. it drives me mad. when it comes to sticking up for me, he doesn't. it takes him extreme effort to defend me if someone has been rude to me or something. and you can tell he's dying of anxiousness if he does try to stick up for me. i'm not a damsel in distress, i'm quite quick to defend myself when needed, but it's nice to have someone back you up and generally to feel supported....but here's an example.
he and his family of 4 including himself are insanely close. super tight knit. i hate visiting them bc i feel like a total outsider and they really could care less about my presence, i feel like dead weight, totally friendzoned by him in those cases lol. i start telling a story (basically the first one i told on the visit), and his dad immediately picks up his phone. he's on it the whole time. i finish my story, and i kid you not, his dad looks up to my bf and asks him a random question that is completely unrelated to what i was just talking about. i was dumbfounded it was so damn rude. his dad says "sorry don't worry i was listening"...no that's a lie...this was the first time my bf has ever stuck up for me around his family. he said "well what did you think?" (in regards to my story). that's it. he was red and nervous just to confront his dad about being an ass to his gf. like idk maybe it's just me but i haaaate feeling like i have no support from him in this way. it's killing me. he's super supportive in other ways, and i'm obviously extremely sympathetic to mental struggles bc of my own, but sometimes it feels like he hasn't made progress or isn't doing a damn thing to improve. harsh, i know. :(
------
this just happened last week. i got home from working out of town thursday night and my wife warns me that there is a problem with my 7 year old daughter. "beth" comes in and i can see that she has a few bug bites on her face and and one of her eyelids is a little droopy. she feels fine though.
i am off work the next day and my wife is going to the office. i wake beth up for breakfast and her eye is now much worse. it is more than half closed and a little red. she still feels fine. as soon as the doctor opens, i call them and they tell us to come in.
we get there and i go to check in. the receptionist that i have never seen looks at my daughter and says "oh. my goodness, what happened?" so i respond as a joke "eh, she got out of line".
i know! it's horrible. i'm sorry! i have a weird sense of humor and i'm a bit socially awkward. anyway, we all smile and giggle before we head to the waiting area. soon we are called in. the checkup goes as expected. it's a reaction to the bug bites and he tells me to use some over the counter zyrtec or benadryl. then there is a knock on the door and the doctor steps out.
he comes back in a few minutes later and says that the police would like to talk to me. the doctor is angry. we all head to the doctor's office to talk.
there is a policeman and a policewoman. the policewoman starts making small talk with my daughter and asks if she wants to go in the other room and read a book. my daughter has an irrational fear of the police from when her older brother would threaten to call them whenever she went in his room. so she says no and buries her face in my side. the police then tell me that it is better that she is in another room. i saw one of beth's cheer coaches bring her son in soon after we got there and mention that she may still be there to watch her. the doctor, still visibly angry goes to check and she is so beth goes to sit with her in the waiting room.
the police explain that they have a report of possible child abuse. the doctor explains that this was a simple misunderstanding. he just examined my daughter and there is no abuse. i now realize that it is the receptionist that he is angry with. she makes an excuse and leaves the room. he says that he thinks he has to let her go. he says this is the second incident in 2 weeks. he says that her bad judgement got his practice and the entire executive park closed for 4 hours last week and his neighbors now hate him.
the police are apologetic but say they need to do a full investigation and ask if i can come to the station. a friend comes to pick up my daughter who is freaking out at this point.
we get to the station (they allow me to drive there myself) and my uncle who is a lawyer meets me there. the police are apologetic and say they already know what happened but a full investigation and report need to be done. they say it is a minimum of 3-5 days, maybe longer. i call my wife who goes ballistic.
the county attorney says that they normally seek restraining orders in these cases, but if i sign an agreement to stay away from my daughter until the investigation is closed they would not seek one. my uncle recommends this as the restraining order would be public record. i stay at my brothers for the weekend and schedule an out of town trip that i really don't need to make for this week. i can't wait to get home to see my family and sleep in my own bed but i'm pretty sure my wife will have me on the couch for a little while.
tl/dr: made a bad joke, got investigated for hitting my kid, lost the right to see her. sitting in a hotel room on a useless business trip.
edit: spelling
edit 2: update
thank you for the gold kind strangers.
wow this blew up. i wanted to answer some of the questions that you guys had. i want to thank all of you guys for the kind words and support. for those of you saying that i am an idiot, you are probably right.
1) i will not be sleeping on the couch. my wife got over this fairly quickly and is no longer angry. at least not at me.
2) i am heading home from boston tomorrow evening and i think everything should be resolved by then.
3) i will not be taking legal action against the receptionist. she was very young did not do this out of animosity. i do not know what if anything will happen to her job. i am not pushing for her to lose it.
4) the other story about the receptionist goes like this (as told to me by the doctor). a few weeks ago the lights in the parking lot of the executive park blew and the landlord had trouble getting them fixed so he rented temporary light stanchions for the businesses that are open past sundown until they could figure out the problem. these lights apparently ran on gas or diesel. the receptionist came back from lunch one day and smelled something so she called the state's department of environmental protection to say that she believed that there was a fuel leak. the dep closed the parking lot for the rest of the day for "clean up". it turned out to be nothing.
------
>he's acting like you should treat yourself like a leper for having a fetish and "warn" people like it's something wrong with you.
nice straw man. please point out to me (the specific quote) as to where i alluded to that.
>there is no obligation to open up about your sexual interests 110% before marriage, only costs and benefits. this stuff is very personal and different for everyone.
there is no obligation. however, bearing that mind, you should also not have the expectation that everyone will be ok with your fetish in the process. you should also not have the expectation that they will be just as trusting of you after entrenching them into a commitment in which it is more difficult for them to reject being with you if they don't like this fetish or if they are uncomfortable with it. it's not just how you feel about it without giving any credence to how the other person would feel about it and telling them that only after you trap them in marriage and pregnancy (and yes, there are some people who do that and exist. not saying op specifically, but there are some people in this world who do similar things, and it's scummy). that was the whole point of my comment.
>the idea that you should either be open about your sexuality well in advance of marriage or keep certain desires to yourself forever is the kind of thing an asshole believes.
except that's also not what i said. i never said you should be open about it. either you don't tell them at all, or at least, if you are going to tell them and be open about it... do not wait until you put them in circumstances in which it is more difficult for them to say no because maybe, it just might not be their cup of tea. that is also an asshole thing to do, you know? some people don't see it the way you do. they see it like: imagine you are with someone you love and years later tells you a pretty unusual fetish about having sex with others. some are ok with it, but don't be *shocked if others are not* and label them as assholes for being annoyed at that. you see things in very black and white and general terms.
some people might not care and see it as just a sexual interest and nothing more (much like you). except you also have to understand that other people might not see this the way you do. other *might* care about that... maybe just a little bit...lol.
the fetish by itself is not wrong (at least i believe that, some don't), but that also doesn't mean the other person is wrong for wanting to reject somebody over it (because they don't like the fetish) and is therefore a little pissed that it's more difficult for them to just walk away when they only know about it after the fact (marriage, pregnancy etc).
if you deem that to be an unreasonable position, fine. but don't suggest i'm an asshole. i deem it unreasonable that you deny them the choice in the first place, because this isn't something that most people would equate to an ordinary sexual preference (much like you) that is harmless in not disclosing after putting someone into a commitment (marriage, pregnancy) without their knowledge of details that would be considered by the majority of people in this case to be relevant, because it also involves them, not just the person with the fetish, and it would have been nice to know earlier, at least, to some people (not you in this case it seems). hence why most agree with me (and not you). perhaps you don't and you equate it to nothing more than just a sexual interest and see this in a very black and white manner, even though it could lead to other implications that are more damaging (divorce etc that could have been avoided, as i'm sure you thought of this topic deeply before posting your comment), and that's fine. you may believe it fine, and i respect that, but please, don't misjudge people as assholes for it. some people don't want it. also, it's funny how you call me childish and entitled... when you are the one who views this topic in a one dimensional and simplistic way.
------
> why would an omnipotent and omniscient god create a universe which is bound by a set of universal laws, only to consistently violate them in order to achieve his purposes?
god does violate consistently violate the universal laws (or else prayer would be useless). from his perspective, he violates universal laws all the time.
either way, he could have just set up the laws differently, so he didn't have to violate them.
> sort of like when i play a video game and start accessing the console commands in order to get the outcome i want where if i just knew how to play the game better, i could usually get the outcome i wanted by simply playing better.
well, i'm glad billions of people will burn in hell so god could enjoy his video game.
i'm not sure how you meant this analogy to work. is using the console supposed to represent god altering physical laws to accomplish his goals? that doesn't make sense; he uses the console (performs miracles) anyway. even making the universe was a miracle. without the console, he wouldn't have a game to play.
what outcome does he want? if it doesn't involve "absolutely zero beings in perpetual conscious agony," he's worthless. if the god you worship wants me to burn so he his game of the sims can be a fraction more amusing, he's not omnibenevolent.
> is there a logically sound reason why any number in the set of all real numbers (even just integers) would show up on a piece of paper in a specific circumstance?
you're reading too much into this. that was an intentionally absurd example to prove that infinite universes are possible, since that seemed to be a cornerstone of your argument. now you're moving the goalposts by saying god also has to abide by physical laws (which would come as a great shock to anyone who witnessed a biblical miracle, and to anyone in my church, for that matter). if he can't do miracles, he's not a god, he's just a dude.
> this was in response to me suggesting that god could ignore most variables for objects beyond our solar system.
you said, if he planned human history to involve interstellar distances, he wouldn't have to ignore them. my point was, why limit him to planning over in-system distances?
if it would save a single soul from eternal torture, then of course he should plan in arbitrarily extensive reach and precision.
that said, i don't think that's necessary, but since you have an interesting idea of god, i'm trying to work with you here.
> but there are plenty of people who have believed in god who have been victims of torture or other terrible things in which those "angels" would be perpetrating.
there are two options here.
1). don't instantiate those people. this solves the problem of angels torturing sentient beings. you might claim it would reduce the total potential number of people saved, but that's not a problem; if god wants volume, he can just spin off another, slightly different universe.
2). this one is more monstrous, but you could still instantiate any torture victim that would freely choose to believe. angels have killed children before. i think you severely overestimate their reluctance to commit atrocities.
------
> any technique that can take the impact away from suffering can also take the impact out of positive emotions which just leaves you with anhedonic detachment from the world around you.
you didnt understand me. i am saying the subject is already free of suffering in each of us and these techniques from the indian traditions are meant to cause what is known as self realisation where the self or subject or consciousness realises itself and the identification of consciousness as an object stops and consciousness knows itself as being free of all emotions good or bad, they still can happen and you can enjoy good and bad experiences because the subject which is you is not affected by them.
> life becomes a tv show you just observe; which one might be understood for wanting to turn it off if it's all reruns of two and a half men.
if you just observe you cant trun anything of, any turning on or of is just observed. for example i enjoy many things in life, the enjoyment and the body enjoying it is what i observe, it does not mean the enjoyment is any less real than before when i thought i was the doer.
>you need to understand that if you try to help people while lacking the qualifications to do so, you are going to hurt people. your ignorance of this is coming from the inside, and this is why it can be released.
i only tell what is a possibility, i have not told anyone do this or do that or dont do this or dont do that. i have only given descriptions. i am not a teacher but there are people who are and they can teach you if they deem you qualified.
>don't hurt people; don't be evil.
i will say that evil is concept and not an existing reality but i dont cause consciosuly suffering to others. there is no way to live without hurting people in this life because what you think is right and good and correct someone else can be hurt by it. for example someone who wants to kill themselves feels you caused them suffering if you go and rescue them, because to them the suffering was too much and they tried to stop it by eliminating what was causing it.
>if pain is just a thing to be observed, then so to is a sense of purpose or meaning in life. life becomes a tv show you just observe; which one might be understood for wanting to turn it off if it's all reruns of two and a half men.
yes, meaning is not only observed but is also subjectively projected, its not really there. you make it up. when you were born there was no meaning to your existence from your point of view but from your parents point of view there was. that view of purpose you got from your parents and society, it is not an exitential reality.
you are identified as the one who wants if you want to turn it off, observing consciousness does not want because all wants are observed by it. and everything is happening by itself and there is no choice. so the question of but if you realise you are the observing consciousness you might get depressed does not arise because the observing consciousness is not a doer, it doesnt do. and everything that it observes simply happens so there is no place for a doer to exist in. there is the act of doing, i was working today and i did stuff and now i am home writing this but that is simply happening and i observe it happening.
------
it's actually quite an interesting problem and there's a bit more to it than just maximum g's. in a nutshell to directly answer your question in order to keep them a light as possible aircraft are designed to break only a bit higher than the the pilot breaks. as a result the maximum g this theoretical system can turn at before the plane falls apart around the two pilots is really only a bit higher than what the pilot could tolerate anyway. the question of " if it would actually help anyway " is really, really complicated ; missile guidance and control is a really fun topic. for some numbers, most fighter aircraft airframes do designed to withstand a maximum maneuvering loading of approximately 15gs so this is sensibly based in human endurance ; there's no real reason to design it any stronger as that would make it much heavier. a sam or air to air missile can maneuver at > 60g. an aircraft simply cannot hope to purely " out g " a missile. no pilot or airframe can survive 60g. however! that is not the only determining factor of if the missile can maneuver to hit. turn rate is a function of velocity squared and g loading. turn rate = velocity ^ ( 2 ) / ( gravity * g loading ). this means that, for example, an f15 in cruise speed can actually turn a smaller radius than than any aim9x at its top speed despite the fact than the missile can maneuver at ~ 5x higher g's. however mk2! consider than the aim9x's motor has burnt out shortly after launch and so its technically gliding into the target and so has probably slowed down a fair bit by the time it's reached its target. does that put it in a situation where it can now out turn the aircraft? maybe, maybe not. however mk2 mod 0! turn rate isn't the only determining factor for if the missile will actually hit the target. a very basic terminal guidance algorithm is called pro - nav ( short for proportional navigation ) guidance. this guidance algorithm basically holds the angle that the missile sees the target as a constant. if this angle remains constant then our missile is tracking the most efficient course into the target at that point in time since it must be closing purely in distance. what this effectively means is that because the missile is chasing the target she doesnt need to turn as fast. does that put it in a situation where it can now hit / get close enough to the aircraft? probably, maybe not. this is where the tricks a pilot can come into play. if the missile is a long way off, in pro - nav a course change by the target will require a correction for the missile ; and this uses energy of which the missile has a finite amount of, and the jet has fuel to spare. a bunch of jinking could make these corrections burn the kinetic energy of the missile up hopefully enough that it runs out of steam before it reaches the target. however mk2 a2! missiles nowadays don't purely rely on pro - nav guidance and will use some other mid course guidance algorithm before swapping to a terminal guidance algorithm like pro - nav. this is where the gnc engineers earn their wage. we are just as aware of the ways to try and defeat missiles as pilots are ( probably more so! ) and have no intention of letting them have an easy time dodging. the goal is to ignore the jinking and figure out what the pilots doing long term until you're close enough that the missiles lower turn radius but very high closing rate ( from the terminal guidance algorithm ) means the pilot can't maneuver out of the lethal radius of the warhead in time. sure the pilot can maybe turn tighter than the missile, but usually the missile doesn't need to turn as much sinces its chasing and a near miss is good enough with the warheads they are carrying. the end result is an envelope that says " this missile can probably hit this aircraft going this fast if launched from these distances and angles. probably ". the designers / analysts of these systems are * very * aware of these envelopes and are most definitely classified! high g maneuvering to escape destruction was far more important in cannon / machine gun combat, not missile combat. if you can turn faster / tighter than the other guy close behind you, he can't shoot you. if you're interested in this sort of system, have a read about the auto pull up system on the [ junkers ju - 87 ] ( < url > ) ) dive bomber from ww2. that aircraft has a near system to allow the aircraft to pull out of the dive bomb run if the pilot suffered g effects. pretty neato, and fairly unique as far as i know source : am aeronautical engineer and have worked on missile seeker guidance algorithms tl ; dr aircraft aren't designed to take much higher g's than the pilot and theoretical system wouldn't really help that much given how missile guidance works.
------
" the 11 march 1977, three years after making chinatown, polanski was arrested at jack nicholson's home for the sexual assault of 13 - year - old samantha gailey, who was modeling for polanski during a vogue magazine photo shoot around the pool. polanski was acquitted on several counts of criminal behavior, including battery. [ 113 ] [ 116 ] at his arraignment, he pleaded not guilty to all charges. many executives in hollywood came to his defense. [ 116 ] gailey's attorney next arranged a plea bargain in which five of the six charges would be dismissed, and polanski accepted. [ 117 ] at the time of the incident, nicholson was out of town making a film, but his steady girlfriend, actress anjelica huston, had dropped by unannounced with pick up some items. she heard polanski in the other room say " we'll move right out. " [ 118 ] polanski then came out with gailey and he introduced her to huston, before they chatted about nicholson's two large dogs which were sitting nearby. huston recalled gailey was wearing platform heels and appeared quite tall. [ 118 ] after a brief conversation, polanski had packed up his camera gear and huston saw them drive off in his car. huston told police the next day, after polanski was arrested, that she " had witnessed nothing untoward " and never saw them together in the other room. [ 118 ] gailey learned afterwards that huston had recently broken up with nicholson, but stopped by to pick up some belongings. [ 119 ] polanski in 2007 as a part of the plea bargain, polanski pleaded guilty to the charge of " unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor, " [ 120 ] [ 121 ] and was ordered to undergo 90 days of psychiatric evaluation at california institution for men at chino. [ 122 ] upon release from prison after 42 days, polanski agreed to the plea bargain, his penalty to be time served along with probation. however, he learned afterward that the judge, laurence j. rittenband, had told some friends that he was going to disregard any plea bargain and sentence polanski to 50 years in prison : [ 121 ] [ 123 ] " i'll see this man never gets out of jail, " he told polanski's friend, screenwriter howard e. koch. [ 124 ] gailey's attorney confirmed the judge changed his mind after he personally met with the judge in his chambers : he was going to sentence polanski, rather than to time served, to fifty years. what the judge did was outrageous. we had agreed to a plea bargain and the judge had approved it. [ 124 ] [ 125 ] polanski was told by his attorney that " the judge could no longer be trusted... " and that the judge's representations were " worthless ". [ 126 ] polanski decided not to appear at his sentencing. he told his friend, director dino de laurentis, " i've made up my mind. i'm getting out of here. " [ 124 ] on the day before sentencing in 1978, polanski left the country on a flight to london, where he had a home. one day later, he left for france. [ 127 ] [ 128 ] as a french citizen, he has been protected from extradition and has lived mostly in france since then. [ 129 ] however, since he fled the united states before final sentencing, the charges are still pending. in 1988, gailey sued polanski. among other things, the suit alleged sexual assault, false imprisonment, seduction of a minor, and intentional infliction of emotional distress. in 1993, polanski agreed to settle with his victim. in august 1996, polanski still owed her < cur > 604, 416 ; court filings confirm that the settlement was completed by 1997 via a confidential financial arrangement. [ 130 ] the victim, now married and going by the name samantha geimer, stated in a 2003 interview with larry king that the police and media had been slow at the time of the assault to believe her account, which she attributed to the social climate of the era. [ 131 ] in 2008, she stated, " i don't wish for him to be held to further punishment or consequences. " [ 130 ] " [ theres also a linked section dedicated to his criminal offenses in the section i'm quoting in the link i'm providing ] ( < url > ) edited because me can't english unparently
------
these are solid comments. i'd have to disagree with you on a few things, and you still go off the deep end a few times.
i think you're understating what roseanne actually said.
i think sarah jeong said some nasty shit, but i tend to accept her explanation that it was a juvenile reaction to harassment she had received. i've certainly said some dumb shit online, and i don't think it should come back to haunt people years later, unless they continue to make the comments, or if they have membership to some questionable group, or recent harassment incidents, etc.
i don't really agree with the firing of james damore, but i also see why people might see diversity-driven hiring practices as necessary despite damore's thoughts on the matter. the science is not super clear on gender differences, and it is entirely possible that many of the traits we think of as 'gendered' are actually socialized over generations, and maybe it's worth trying to correct them. i don't agree with government diversity mandates, but if a private company wants to practice some soft discrimination in hiring to try and encourage ambition in women, i think that's basically up to them. still, firing damore rather than having a discussion sets an unhealthy precedent. same goes for smith.
>i literally don't see how this is any different from how people of color were allegedly treated 60 years ago.
we're not widely subject to mob violence or police brutality. comparing any oppression whites are experiencing today to what black folks went through prior to gaining civil rights is insane.
>yeah, historically. meaning, not now. i'm being mistreated now.
it's not simple mistreatment. black people were broadly enslaved and brutalized until the 1860s. they were legally, systematically, and culturally marginalized, brutalized, and disenfranchised to various extents for another century. to think that a racial minority could rebound from centuries of oppression while living next door to the descendants of their former oppressors is absurd. it's something we, as a country and as individual countrymen, have to think about and act upon with the same seriousness as we did slavery and civil rights. being called a nazi for using nazi slogans, and having a qualified black woman get hired before you is not even in the same ballpark as what american blacks have gone through.
>this is actually an interesting case, since there's reasons to believe that diversity and civil rights cultism played a role in contributing to the financial collapse.
believe me, i know, that's one of the reasons i say we need to move away from legislative paternalism on these issues.
>i'm not even 100% white; i actually have a good portion of levantine blood in me, but that doesn't stop people from assuming i'm a nazi and a white supremacist if i identify as what i look like and feel like, which is white. maybe the reason why white liberals can turn their nose down at people like is because they're more likely to be purebred and have no need for a generalized racial identity. when you think of it, "white" is basically a lower class in the american caste system.
well, again, people assume you're a nazi because you say nazi shit. apart from that, this is an interesting point. lots of "mixed" american whites identify primarily with their religion. however, those religions also tend to have a lot of correlation to specific european heritages as well. i'm an atheist, but i sometimes reference my jewish heritage because it's an ethnicity in addition to a religion, and i'm fully half that ethnicity. you seem to have a pretty solid grasp on your ethnic background, and i'd suggest that you study your family's history and have pride in the things that they accomplished.
in the same way that white americans have varied ethnic backgrounds, there's also not a whole lot of shared sub-cultural experience for us (as just "white"), like there is for american blacks. this may explain in some ways why black pride is acceptable while white pride is not. the other element of that is that "white pride" is specifically a slogan/rhetorical device used by white supremacists, while "black pride," "gay pride" and the like are not. for blacks and gays it's more of a counterpoint to being robbed of their dignity and pride for so long.
>the only long-term effects of the civil rights revolution has been riots, censorship, political correctness, race hatred, a reduction of social cohesion and communal trust, and the destruction of the black community.
racial tensions in this country are higher now than they have been in a while, but to say the situation has been deteriorating, is completely ahistorical. if the black community is worse off now than it once was, i would argue that it's primarily due to economic factors rather than sociopolitical ones.
>again, a semantic comparison between the two.
semantics, tone, and context matter in every real debate. we're not talking about philosophical proofs and axioms.
>if someone's ethnicity has nothing to do with anything, then i never want to hear the words nazi, or white supremacist, ever in my life again.
not exactly my point. you can say that a white supremacist or a nazi is basing their philosophy around whiteness. you can't say that a globalist, marxist, banker, sjw, or any of the other shit i've seen parentheses around are basing their philosophy around jewishness. you obviously can't say all whites are nazis, just like you can't say all jews are marxist sjws, but when you call someone a nazi, you are pointing out that specific person, and when you say (((marxism))), you're tying something you perceive as negative to an entire group of people.
>well, thanks, i sincerely appreciate that. thoughtful is what i'm going for. i want to make people think and consider that maybe not everyone like me out there is a horrible person, i want to test what works and what doesn't in deconstructing some of the ideas i find problematic, and i also want to steelman my arguments to a crowd so that if i really am saying anything fucked up or based on a faulty premise, i can know about it.
if you're looking to improve your arguments, literally the first thing you should do is drop the 14 words and the echos. i'm not saying the pure ideas behind those are necessarily faulty. well, the echos are just antisemitic bullshit that don't need to be used by anyone ever, but i think the sentiment that "white people are being out-bred and we want to head off any serious oppression we might face in the future, and we want to talk about what we perceive as mistreatment now" can be expressed without resorting to a slogan coined by a neo-nazi, pagan terrorist.
------
i think there is a tie between having kids with a potential genetic condition though. as research is expanding, scientists are finding more and more connections between genetics and disease. major issues such as obesity, diabetes, alzheimer's, heart attacks and cancer even have genetic factors. so the problem is asking " who is'worthy'of spreading their genes to the next generation? ". i highly doubt there is a single person on earth who does not have a " serious " genetic condition in the four generations that came to them. many genetic diseases are recessive, so it is still very dangerous to reproduce even if the ones who were ill were grandparents or great - grandparents. there is probably a lot of personal hurt and regret behind your comment, and i don't want to sound insensitive. but the comment has a quasi - eugenics tone. i don't think you feel in that way though. i have ocd. my mom, both sisters, nephew, several aunts, and grandpa all have / had clinical depression. my uncle has schizophrenia. it is very likely that my children will have some sort or psychological condition during their lives. does that make me unfit to reproduce? my boyfriend's family seems to think so. they have talked to him about why he should marry me because " what about the grandkids? ", and " we don't like'those'people ". it is extremely humilitating and isolating to be spoken about that way. i have cried about that rejection on many occasions. if i wanted to be an asshole, i could do the same thing to his family. my boyfriend's biological mother died on cancer in her twenties. my boyfriend was only four years old. on his dad's side, several people have symptoms of cancer in their old age. there is tons of evidence that cancer has genetic factors involved. do i eventually want to watch my child die young because they developed cancer? no. but am i so heartless that i will act like the tragedy of his mother's death is warrant for me to be some eugenics proponent and say " well your genes aren't good enough for me ". every family faces its own genetic issues. these people might consider it abusive for me to reproduce if i might have mentally ill children. some might consider it abusive for him to reproduce if he might have children with cancer. it is a question of what diseases are " too bad " to be placed into the genepool of the next generation. because frankly everyone has genes that some busybody could claim makes them unfit to reproduce. the question is " who decides what needs to be weeded out and what is allowed to stay ".
------
so, last weekend, i went to a casino and i almost assaulted one of the other players. he was being annoying and a braggart, and caused me to have an outburst.
now, i've always enjoyed playing poker, i used to have a few video games about it and when i turned 21, i decided to play in a real casino against real people.
i've played a few games before in this casino and did fairly well. i made a few bucks. so, i went to the casino last weekend, and signed up for their open tournament. it was a small tournament, only 24 people were allowed. the buy in was <cur>1,000. texas hold 'em.
the first 5 hands for me were terrible. i got 2 decent hands which i played, but didn't actually go anywhere. no big deal, i was only down 50 dollars each. my other 3 hands, i folded, because they were pretty bad. however, once the 5 community cards came, those hands would've been good, i swear i could've pulled 2 full houses in a row if i played them. my next hand i folded, because it was also bad.
guess what? it could've been a straight. i was getting frustrated, but i had to keep playing (you couldn't quit, it was a winner take all type thing). i thought my next hand would've been good, it was pocket aces. so i obviously played it. the other players folded. except for this one guy.
as the community cards are coming, this guy, he keeps staring at me, he's smirking and raising the pot. i thought i had it won because there was another ace in the community cards. that's three of a kind. and their were no pairs, none of the cards were close enough to make a straight. the only alternative was 3 cards of the same suit.
so, this guy he kept smiling at me and just raising the stakes. but i stayed in and played along. he raised it so much, that i bet all my chips, except 50. i thought he was just trying to psyche me out.
i revealed my pair of aces. and he just pushed his his lower lip out, like he was pretending to cry "oh, looks like i lose" and i started to sit up and grab my chips, but he shouted "psyche!" and threw his cards on the table. this jackass pulled a flush and robbed me of my chips.
i swear to you, i just wanted to jump across the table and kick his ass. i was mad, i was seething and i know the other players could tell i was pissed.
unfortunately, my next turn, it was my turn for the big blind. which took my last 50 chips. the hand i had was complete crap. a 3 and a 7. after the community cards came, this guy kept looking up at me and smirking. my only hope a high card, no pair, no flush, no straight. nothing.
and the same jackass who robbed me in the previous hand won with pocket 2's. i lost 1,000 dollars, and this guy, he started laughing at me, i jumped up out of my seat and called him a son of a bitch, all i wanted was to punch him, but there was a security guard glaring at me. so i just kicked over my seat and walked out of the casino.
oh, and icing on the cake. i think that guy reported me, because of that outburst, they called me the next day and asked me not to come back. so i think this jackass got me banned from the casino.
so am i the asshole for having a bad outburst because this guy was being annoying?
------
do you have a source on any of that? > well first of all he has brought businesses back into the states by giving them incentives to buy so bringing more jobs to people while cutting down on child labor in countries like china what businesses has he brought back? are i talking about those carrier jobs that trump made a big deal about saving when he was first elected? [ those are gone now. he didn't actually save them. ] ( < url > ) > secondly repealing obama care, whilst i think we should have some form of free healthcare obamacare was flawed first, a big clarification : [ trump hasn't repealed obamacare. ] ( < url > ) he eliminated the immigration mandate, which has dealt a blow to the affordable care act, but it's still very much alive. > and the repeal is projected to increase gdp according to what numbers? everything i've read suggests that a total repeal of obamacare ( which, just to remind you, has not yet happened ) would cost about [ < cur > 350 billion ] ( < url > ) over some course of 10 years - - and that's according by both a congressional budget office report and a report from the committee for a responsible american budget. totally eliminating obamacare without an alternative - - which seems to be the republicans'strategy - - would be disastrous. > and if you look at the numbers gdp has gone up and unemployment has gone down [ funny that you mention that ] ( < url > ). it's true that the gdp had a good last quarter under trump. however, it wasn't like obama didn't have similarly good quarters. [ obama had 4 quarters of higher unemployment growth and several quarters in which growth was exactly the same ] ( < url > ). also, you have to consider that [ almost 20 % of that growth last quarter was due to the tax cuts ] ( < url > ). that means that it was a one - time thing only. and even worse, those tax cuts, which gave us a temporary gpd bump, are expected to [ more than double the federal deficit ] ( < url > ) by next year. as far as unemployment goes? [ it's at the same rate as there was under obama ] ( < url > ). trump didn't turn anything around ; he just kept the rate the same as it had been. even further, [ wage growth has been ##agnated under trump, whereas they had been going up under obama ] ( < url > ). so even though unemployment is going down at the same rate, wages aren't looking too hot. i get that you want the guy to succeed. i think that america is the greatest, most powerful country in the world, and i want it to continue to be that way. but you have to understand that when trump or his allies make a bunch of bold claims about how great he's doing, * he's lying to you. * the guy lies about everything - - even small, insignificant things like the size of his inauguration crowd. what makes you think that he wouldn't also lie to you about this kind of stuff? that's why everyone in the video is laughing at him : because they know he's a liar, and they're not afraid to let him know it.
------
this. i tell people automated checkouts make cashier's jobs more efficient. instead of having to waste time and effort scanning things themselves, they can focus on other aspects of the job like actually engaging with the customers.
plus, automation isn't taking people's jobs, it's the companies that don't want to pay people to work. the same amount of cashiers would be there regardless of whether there is a self checkout, customers would just have to wait in longer lines as everyone was checked out individually.
edit: **tldr; self checkout would still exist even if they still employed the same number of cashiers. capitalism dictates that the company take advantage of the automation by cutting jobs.** i didn't really phrase this the best. i wasn't trying to say that automation hasn't contributed at all to "taking people's jobs." obviously there has been a huge reduction in unskilled labor (and even a lot of skilled labor) positions available. i was just trying to point out that companies will look for ways to cut costs however possible, regardless of whether it's through automation or something else.
my best examples of this (at least in my personal experience) comes from looking at businesses like walmart and home depot. walmart doesn't care about providing good customer experiences or cutting down on customer wait times, so even though they have an automated self checkout, they still don't have enough cashiers available to provide fast checkout times for their customers. they are taking the benefits from having a more efficient checkout (for some customers, not all) and distributing that cost savings into other areas of the business that don't benefit the employees.
home depot on the other hand uses self checkout in combination with regular cashiers so that people with simple purchases like lightbulbs can get through quickly at self-checkout, leaving the main registers for the more complicated purchases like lumber and items without barcodes. this reduces the amount of employees needed on the front end, so that more employees can be working in the aisles assisting customers in finding things. the company distributed the cost savings and efficiency into providing different positions to improve customer experience.
obviously this is all in my personal experience, but my point was that while obviously automation is going to heavily impact certain areas of employment, that doesn't mean that the employers can't find alternative positions for those displaced employees. yes you might need different training and skills in different positions, but, at least in some cases, it doesn't mean the number of jobs available is necessarily less. it's up to the company to figure out how they want to distribute their resources, and many companies are choosing not to use their resources employing people. that's not the fault of automation, it's the fault of capitalism.
------
to me, something that always struck me as odd is that many students are willing to choose a not great private school.
for instance, an undergraduate degree at the [state university of new york is <cur>6,870 tuition + <cur>1,610 fees](<url>), [california state is <cur>5,742 + campus fees](<url>), university of texas is <cur>10,136 for tuition and fees (got that average in state number from google). [the average public school is ~<cur>9000 a year in tuition and fees, while the average private school is a lot more.](<url>)
now there exists a few top tier private schools that charge way more than your local state school, but what you are getting is an extremely quality and prestigious education. so in this category you have your stanfords and yales and so on.
so to me, these are the two category of schools that make sense to me. you can either go to your local state school for an moderately prestigious degree at reasonable prices, or you can pay 3-5 times as much to go to a top tier private school for a very prestigious degree.
but then what gets me is the mediocre private school, where you'd go to a school that charges 3 - 5 times as much as your local state school, for a degree that is no more prestigious. hell, i'd argue, that when you leave your state or the us, your local public school is probably more well known (hey, i've heard of new york, so ya know, if you say you went to state university of new york i wouldn't draw a blank. but i would draw a blank for 90% of the private schools in new york).
there are 1,845 private colleges in the united states, and i have to say, unless you're getting massive student aid, or if youre studying a super rare major not available at your state school, i don't get the point of going to the majority (say, 1500?) of them.
or to use an analogy, you can either get a toyota camry, an average car for a low price (your local state school), or you can get a porsche 911, a very prestigious, top quality car for multiple times the price (a top private school). what i don't understand, are people who are willing to pay multiple times the price of a camry for a damned nissan altima (mediocre private school).
in fact, car buyers seem to understand this. badge engineered luxury cars (where you take a pedestrian car and stick a luxury badge on it) sell very poorly. but here's the thing, a cadillac cimmeron might be just a much more expensive chevy cavalier with leather and slightly better interior trim, but at least you're getting a cadillac instead of a chevy. hell, i'd even understand it if your paying multiple times as much for suny grade education but a degree that says harvard. but like, the current students who go to mediocre private schools that nobody's heard of is like paying multiple times as much for a pontiac instead of a chevy!
------
let's see, um, the races are different. therefore they have different perks to make them unique. i feel like you would feel whatever race you play will be disadvantaged because that is just how we think. but i'll give this a go.
protoss can get upgrades the fastest, and important units via chronoboost. i think that is pretty good. oh yeah, recall. for zerg, just queens. i think that is all i need to say for cc/nexus/hatch.
scvs are required to actually build their structures. so mules are there to counteract the mining time loss. they can repair while protoss have a regenerating shield and zerg units just regenerate over time. i count these difference as race flavor. same goes with supply drop, but i could honestly live without it. i am trading a mule/scan for supply that you can now get double for when you kill it.
if terran didn't build detection units? what? all one of them? are you really telling me that terrans only option being a 200 gas cost raven is balanced? zerg can make all their overlords detection, and protoss have invisible detection that moves. or they have to commit e-bay and missile turrets for static detection. scans are just the cost for their mobile detection being both trash and expensive. also they trade a mule for it.
i don't think you played when medivacs didn't have a speed boost. drops were a suicide mission 100% of the time. also of all the drop units, warp prism seems pretty good.
bunkers being salvageable is because you need to commit units to have them not just be a useless structure. again, flavor of the race.
easy tech switches? uh what? you need completely different structures to change up your tech, and add-ons are more of a flavor thing that also kinda tells your opponent what you are doing. i can't believe you would say this honestly. given that zerg and protoss just need to have the structure and then all of their gateways/hatches can make them. if i want ghosts i need to swap my reactors to tech labs, not just make a ghost academy.
terran has a far less mobile army, given they require siege tanks to be in place to have an effective defense in most match-ups. so a planetary is kind of the only way they can take a 4th most of the time, and even then it is easily overrun and it can't lift off. protoss can warp in units anywhere with a pylon, and zerg units are just insanely fast. i honestly don't know what you want other than terran to just never be able to take a 4th that won't be 100% free to half a dozen zealots or committing supply and valuable tanks to it.
battlecruisers aren't really used in competitive. but yeah i don't understand why warp exists. it's a 71 second cooldown though.
sensor towers aren't exactly free, and they are incredibly weak structures. again they are there to assist the incredibly immobile army they have.
protoss can make walls anywhere with sentries, and require a complete wall-off to not just die instantly to any zerg rush. protoss can warp in units outside of a complete wall-off. again this is more of a flavor thing. how else are terran supposed to not just die to rushes if they can't wall? and if their supply depots don't go down, zerg could force them to wall themselves in and then expand outside of it with impunity. just there is so much wrong with this complaint, i don't think i have ever heard it before.
anything you do with any race can work. if you argued that marines are too versatile i would maybe understand that, but it's not like they aren't completely abuse-able by the other races, especially before stim. okay, we can compare stimming to blink micro. there is also reaper micro to make them effective against...well anything. banshee micro as they don't stand on their own against anything. liberators and tanks that you have to siege up to have them to really anything. cyclones and thors are probably the only units that you can just kind of a-move and there isn't a lot more you need to do. could easily argue that you mostly a-move most protoss and zerg armies, and it's on the terran to make their units not just get vaporized immediately. it's both the downside and the upside. which is why the top terrans are so scary, they get the most out of every unit in the game, while chargelots and lings just kinda do their own thing.
------
the difference is that ubi and welfare gives you more stable income. lottery and suits are a one time surge of money that you didn't expect to get in the first place. of course you'd spend your lottery money on luxuries - that'st why you played it in the first place. no one reasonable buys lottery in hopes to go back to school to get a stable job and get their finances in order. with welfare, ubi and other similar socialist schemes, you're giving financial stability to the poor in hopes that they now have the safety net required to get their shit together, get an education and a good job so that, ones day, they too will have a good enough income that it can be taxed and then turned into social insurance for the other less fortunate. it just so happens that a lot of welfare programs actually create an inconvenient ceiling that makes improving your finances easier in practice. ubi is an attempt to remedy this by changing the formula so that you're not forced into constantly applying to and accepting jobs that otherwise wouldnt be good fits, or falling into a financial dead zone where a job would leave you with less income at the end of the day. its not, as you put it, for the lazy and entitled. if anything that sort of attitude comes off as far more entitled than anything else. it says " yeah helping the sick is nice but what about me??? " in a country with socialist ideals and systems, everyone benefits from the poor doing better and contributing to poorer. but as a lot of poor or used to be poor people will say, being poor is expensive as hell. you will be forced to make short term financial decisions with long term consequences just to keep afloat, and in the end never truly improve their situation over time. ubi and a lot of other similar systems hope to remedy that. it might not be perfect, more like a lot of past welfare projects werent perfect, but at least they're trying to make a change for the better. what kind of change be you trying to make to better the lives of the poor? aside of course from your hollier than thou attitude and calling people down their luck lazy and entitled because you were fortunate enough to have a financially stable family that could support you. and i'm not guilting anyone who's had any kind of " priviledge " as they call it. if your family can afford to send you to a good school so that you can make enough of a living for yourself that you give more in taxes than you get back from the government, then god bless you. your income is passively helping fund those welfares and ubis thatll help the less fortunate. but if you decide to insult those people that need help comfortably behind a computer screen while acting migthier than everyone else, then you sir are, quite frankly, being a dick.
------
it seems like you've backed yourself up well. even if there were in fact toxic behaviours in the relationship, i don't feel i disparage the entire thing because i know for a fact that there was a great deal of enjoyment for both of us. i believe she has enough self respect that had there been little or no enjoyment at all, she would've left a long time ago. i should also add that my inability to grow as a personal and overall unhappiness i felt in the end was my own doing. it resulted from neglecting care for myself early on in the relationship and failing to communicate what i was feeling because of this. had i been more attentive to these problems early on, it may have resulted in a healthier result near the end and i wouldn't be writing this.
you seem very insistent that i don't want to be with her at all and am only using the concept of a "break" to cover that up. i realize now from reading these responses that such a proposal comes across as selfish and inconsiderate, and may very well be just that in itself. i've mentioned in another response that the concept of taking a break is nonsensical and irrational because it demands the expectation that we'll eventually reunite as a stronger couple, and that she also is expected to fulfill this obligation on my terms. that said, we can say that the relationship ended not on the basis that a break couldn't be granted, but on the basis that our mental health was becoming too poor to properly provide what any healthy relationship needs. any kind of expectation that we'll resume off where we ended once we're healthy again is once again irrational because there's no telling where either of us will be in our lives if we happen to reach that level of mental optimization, or if we'll even reach it around the same time. we may find we're better off apart. we may find we prefer being single or prefer other potential partners.
it's not that i don't value the relationship, as of course i'm seeking advice on the no contact situation, it's just that i feel we need to focus on ourselves instead. i should also mention that if i there is in fact toxicity in this story, then it would make more sense considering two mentally unhealthy individuals are trying to form a healthy relationship. depression and anxiety can manifest through toxic behaviours at times, though this doesn't mean that the person is wholly toxic in themselves. perfectly healthy individuals can be toxic sometimes. it's when a person engages in too much of a type of behaviour that we label them as toxic. similar to how one who consumes far too much sugar is eventually labelled as diabetic, someone on a sugar-free vegan diet who eats a candy bar wouldn't receive the same label right away. we are what we repeatedly do. and what we do can change.
last but not least, i don't feel i'm entertained by "mind games" as you put it, as i've been involved with people who are and prefer not to embody their traits. you're also quick to assume that i don't want to resume a relationship with her because i feel that the underlying tone of my original post suggests the opposite. the ambiguity you're sensing may stem from myself not being sure what that relationship may be, whether a "platonic" friend as you put it or a second attempt at what we once strived to have before. i hesitate on giving a definite answer to this because of course i don't imagine we'll be talking for a while, if anything, and i have no idea what would be best for us by that point. we may desire to patch things up, we may not. we may have become healthy individuals who are more optimal for each other, or we may become totally different people with different desires. regardless, there has been sincere love and appreciation between us and i feel it's those elements of our relationship that i hope to salvage someday.
------
regarding the son's prehuman existence, john says : " in the beginning the word was, and the word was with god, and the word was a god. " ( joh 1 : 1, nw ) the king james version and the douay version read : " in the beginning was the word, and its word was with god, and the word was god. " this would make it appear that the word is identical with almighty god, while the former reading, in the new world translation, indicates that the word is not the god, almighty god, but is a mighty one, a god. ( even biblical judges of ancient israel, who wielded great power in the nation, were called " gods. " [ ps 82 : 6 ; joh 10 : 34, 35 ] ) actually, in the greek translation, another definite article ho, " the, " appears before the first " god, " but there is no article before the second. other translations aid in getting the proper view. the interlinear word - for - word reading of the greek version in the emphatic diaglott reads : " in a beginning was the word, and the word was with the god, and a god was the word. " the accompanying text of the diaglott uses capital and small capital letters for the god, and more capital and lowercase letters for the second appearance of " god " in the sentence : " in the beginning was the logos, and the logos was with god, and the logos was god. " these renderings would support the fact that jesus, being the son of god and the one used by god in creating all other things ( romans 1 : 15 - 20 ), is indeed a " god, " a mighty one, and has the quality of mightiness, but is not the almighty god. other translations reflect this view. the new english bible says : " and what god was, the word was. " the greek word translated " word " is lo'gos ; and so moffatt's translation reads : " the logos was divine. " the american translation reads : " the word was divine. " other readings, by german translators, follow. by bohmer : " it was tightly bound up with god, god, itself of divine being. " by stage : " the word was itself of divine being. " by menge : " and god ( = of divine being ) the word was. " and so thimme : " and god of a sort the word was. " all these renderings highlight the quality of the word, not his identity with his father, the almighty god. being the son of jehovah god, he would have the divine quality, for divine means " godlike. " - - col 2 : 9 ; compare 2pe 1 : 4, where " divine nature " is promised to christ's joint heirs. the four gospels - - a new translation, by professor charles cutler torrey, says : " in the beginning was the word, and the word was with god, and the word was god. when he was in the beginning with god all things were created through him ; without him came no created thing into being. " ( joh 1 : 1 - 3 ) note that what the word is said to be is spelled without a capital initial letter, namely, " god. " this word, or lo'gos, was god's only direct creation, the only - begotten son of god, and evidently the close associate of god to whom god was speaking when he said : " let us make man in our image, according to our likeness. " ( ge 1 : 26 ) hence john continued, saying : " this one was in the beginning with god. all things came into existence through him, and apart from him not even one thing came into existence. " - - joh 1 : 2, 3. other scriptures plainly show that the word was god's agent through whom all other things came into existence. there is " one god the father, out of whom all things are,... and there is one lord, jesus christ, through whom all things are. " ( 1co 8 : 6 ) the word, god's son, was " the beginning of the creation by god, " otherwise described as " the firstborn of all creation ; because by means of him all other things were created in the heavens and upon the earth. " - - re 3 : 14 ; col 1 : 15, 16. acts 28 : 6 ol king james the trinitarian leaves the definite article in, but leaves it our at john 1 : 1
------
> the definition of a cult itself raises some issues. in france, there is no legal definition for cults. the inter - ministerial mission for vigilance and combating sectarian aberration ( miviludes ), which is responsible for the monitoring and analysis of cult phenomena in france, prefers the use of criteria, rather than a single definition, to characterize groups ( miviludes, 2015 ). some common elements emerge from these criteria and the definitions proposed by some authors in the literature ( chambers et al., 1994, rodriguez - carballeira et al., 2015 ). thus, cults can be seen as an organized group or a solitary person whose purpose is to dominate cult members by using psychological manipulation and pressure strategies. theories regarding cult commitment have evolved and developed over the past few decades ( abgrall, 1996 ), from those of influential stakes or psychological manipulation ( ungerleider et wellisch, 1979 ) to those of addictive disorders. the latter theory was introduced by many researchers ( abgrall, 1996, booth and bradshaw, 1999, roy, 1998 ) and has the advantage of defining the cult member as more than a victim, contrary to the theory of psychological manipulation. > the first step at cult commitment, the narcissistic seduction, was described by fournier on monroy in 1999 ( fournier and monroy, 1999 ). this process has many elements : the vulnerability of the subject, group effects, the use of emotions, detachment from outside influences, progress in doctrinal teaching, promotions and the assignment of responsibilities. this process takes several short time because a total and instant commitment has a poor chance of persisting if not followed by in - depth and multidimensional work with the goal of self - reinforcement ( miviludes, 2006 ). the feeling of emptiness outside of the sectarian practice creates the cycle but is also without consequence ( duretete et br., 2008 ). thus, an ability to balance one's life becomes impossible and members lose their ability to choose. moreover, active involvement in the cultic group could lead to affective dependence on the cult leader or on the group, which explains why people stay despite threats to their physical and psychological integrity ( garand, 2013 ). the protective factors that enable a member to leave the group always seem surprising and are seldom predictable given the magnitude of the hold and the constraints of the society. > taking into account the common characteristics between cult membership and addictive disorders - - persistence despite negative consequences ( fournier, 2009 ), common neurophysiological mechanisms ( abgrall, 1996, roy, 1998 ) and the scientific literature - - we hypothesized that the etiopathogenic model used to explain addictive disorders might also be applicable to cult commitment. therefore, the model of cult membership would be multifactorial, involving vulnerability and protective factors. these factors could be individual, environmental and / or linked to the characteristics of the addiction object, that is, the cultic group. as for addictive disorders, we suppose that vulnerability factors could be involved during the initiation and the maintenance of cult commitment, and that protective factors could help to stop cult involvement. < url >
------
i remember being at a party right after highschool where a friend of mine, let's call him **gill**, was kicked out by the girl who was hosting because he'd previously raped or taken advantage of her at an earlier party. she was furious and told him to get the fuck out. gill was known to all of us to be at the very least a womanizer and a dude who would sleep with anything and anyone.
gill has never been prosecuted for his transgressions. that girl never went to the police. doesn't mean it didn't happen. he's married now and is presumably not engaging in such behavior any longer.
i'm really not sure why those supporting kavanaugh think it's so absurd that he or other young boys did (and continue to do) what has been alleged. to be quite frank, i've been exposed to more of these sorts of transgressions than the alternative explanation (i.e. people publicly risking their own reputations to falsely slander someone). because that's the crux of this issue at this point. do you think it is more likely that (1) kavanaugh was a wild guy in college who tried to take advantage of woman sexually, or (2) these three (so far) women are deep-state, democrat, whatever... plants meant to discredit kavanaugh for political purposes.
think about the track record of these things... alito, roberts, gorsuch... all confirmed without such issues. did dems forget their playbook? bill clinton's accusers were slandered and told they were liars. yet they still firmly stand by their stories.
in my opinion, it isn't a coincidence that people like bill clinton and donald trump get accused of these things but people like neil gorsuch and mitt romney don't. the fact is, some men are very sexually driven and will bend or cross the lines of decency to fulfill those desires.
none of these behaviors necessarily prohibits anyone from serving in any office, so long as they are not convicted under a court of law. but it does seem rather absurd in this case in particular because there are numerous conservative judges that trump could nominate in kavanaugh's place who would fill the role well. unlike the situation with roy moore, this is not a choice between (1) seriously consider the accusations, vs. (2) lose a senate seat. this is (1) seriously consider the accusations, vs. (2) appoint another conservative without such accusations.
now, turning back to my experience with that one guy back in high school. i think there is truth to the notion that these sorts of accusations are politically motivated, because i thought to myself what i would do if gill ever ran for office. if he seemed to be a politician i respected and whose beliefs i thought were good for society, i might be less inclined to risk my own personal life being exposed to accuse him publicly or corroborate the story of that girl if she were to decide to go public. but, if i found his politics to be reprehensible or terrible for the country, then i'd be more willing to take that risk to out him. but, i'd like to think i would be willing to be honest whatever his political affiliation... i just know it'd be easier to do under certain circumstances... c'est la vie.
------
> i'll read some of what you've recommended, thank you no obligation. i was just trying to help find common ground. > sorry if i've offended you in a way i said anything, you have not. > but there is nothing worth of making you speechless in what i exposed here... just have literally nothing to say about your commentary. i do not agree that social validity has meaning in the same way that truth does. so, i literally have no response. the concept was simply beyond ludicrous to me. > in fact, my understanding is one of very current interest among social scientists and easily demonstrable. sadly, social sciences have very little respectability between lay people and its to this day a knowledge of the " intelectual elite " i respect the social sciences tremendously. i have an interest in psychology and anthropology. i understand that there is a lot of interesting culture. but, the fact that a society believes that rubbing blue mud in their belly buttons will give them magic powers ( not something i've ever actually heard of ) does not make it so. it may make humans an important part of their culture. but, they're not actually going to be able to perform magic. ditto for the [ afikoman ] ( < url > ) being handed out in catholic churches turning into 2, 000 year aged [ long pig ] ( < url > ). it may be useful for catholics to profess this belief to other catholics. but, the belief itself appears neither true nor a valid belief. > i wish i could discuss this topic with people without sounding like an idiot, as they might be thinking of me, but unfortunately the premisses on wich i base my ideas are still very alien to people outside the academic realm i don't think you'm an idiot. i think the idea that something having social value causes it to become valid is flatly false. > i can remind you, however, that its not a problem of me talking wishy washy bullshit, but rather a conflict in ways of seeing the world yes. a conflict that stems from the fact that you believe social value causes validity and i do not. i think socially valuable customs can still be total fucking crap when they are demonstrably false beliefs. the world does not, in fact, rest on the back of a turtle. if a culture says it does and it's people believe that, it is still invalid and false. > the difference is i know, using my own logic, that your world view is valid, whereas you and your absolute logic can only accept your understanding as being so i believe in the value of evidence. > i've studied anthropology for 5 years and never heard jared diamond's name being mentioned anywhere by anyone in the field. since he is originally a biologist, it is clear that the anthropology wich he interacts with is biologic anthropology, wich is a very different thing from what i am talking about. not that he is not important, its just that his view on this topic is not as relevant as you want it to be it's a shame. his multidisciplinary look at our species could teach you a lot about what we are, where we came from, and where we're going, as well as why certain cultures dominate large chunks of the world while others do not. anthropology is the study of human beings. we're a complex species. there is a lot to study. i think you're ignoring large swaths of information about who and what we are.
------
long story short i had to go to aa meetings 3 times a week for a year. and i " tried " to stop during this time but i was pretty much lying to myself and everyone around me. a few years later here i am on day 15 at the age of 25. i'm lucky to be alive and proud to still have friends who care about me. some people can drink and it's ok. i'm not one of those people. my dad wasn't either, and he apparently was finally able to quit when i was born. visit r / stopdrinking if you're so inclined. there's tons of stories from all different perspectives. whether you're trying to cut back or you're a few drinks away from an even lower rock is like me there's helpful stories and info for you. a book i've seen recommended is called this naked mind or something. i haven't read it yet but i did just order this to see if it might help me. i went to a concert at red rocks last weekend with a bunch of my friends when we visited denver, and tbh i did a bump of coke and smoked some weed since mainly i just danced! my drunk friends liked trying to talk and i was like dude we'll talk after i'm dancing and watching the show. drunken people are so annoying, lol. i also remember the entire show and remember how absolutely epic it was. meanwhile two of my friends got an uber to the hotel early because they were too blackout to stand ( this is despite us having a limo to and from the show ). we went to a brewery the next day after a hike ( my super hungover friends barely made it and i was ready for more ) and i got a nitro cold brew coffee that looked like an elephant with a thick foam on top, but it tasted way better and made me feel way better! then i got a draft kombucha while they drank their second round. i also ate so much food from the food trucks since i was so hungry from all that dancing and i didn't have an upset stomach. i had like two full meals which were absolutely delicious, and one of my hungover friends who's much heavier than me couldn't even finish his sliders since he was so hungover and was also given more coffee that day ( after barely making it thru the hike, mind you ). then at the baseball game the next day, they were drinking in a standing room area, so i just grabbed a bottle of water and some peanuts, and kept my hands busy with those. extra bonus is i got to share with my friends and we all started cracking. did i mention how much money i saved?! also one of my friends pissed the couch, and another threw up in his sleep and then accidentally washed his cell phone with the sheets. so yeah, alcohol is ugly, and i for one and done with it. i had so much energy in the gym today too ( last week i was too lethargic still, but i feel as if physically i'm back to my normal self now and it's great ). hope this helps! maybe i'll reference back to it if i make a 30 day post on r / stopdrinking. cheers
------
yes..it is
the gender pay gap in the united statesis the ratio of female-to-male median or average (depending on the source) yearly earnings among full-time, year-round workers.
the average woman's unadjusted annual salary has been cited as 78%[2] to 82%[3]of that of the average man's. however, after adjusting for choices made by male and female workers in college major, occupation, working hours, and parental leave, multiple studies find that pay rates between males and females varied by 5-6.6% or, females earning 94 cents to every dollar earned by their male counterparts. the remaining 6% of the gap has been speculated to originate from gender discrimination and a difference in ability and/or willingness to negotiate salaries.[4][5][6]
the extent to which discrimination plays a role in explaining gender wage disparities is somewhat difficult to quantify, due to a number of potentially confounding variables. a 2010 research review by the majority staff of the united states congress joint economic committee reported that studies have consistently found unexplained pay differences even after controlling for measurable factors that are assumed to influence earnings - suggestive of unknown/unmeasurable contributing factors of which gender discrimination may be one.[7] other studies have found direct evidence of discrimination - for example, more jobs went to women when the applicant's sex was unknown during the hiring process.[7]
83% of men negotiated for a higher wage compared to the 58% of women who asked for more.[33] researchers say that women who do request either a raise or a higher starting salary are more likely than men to be penalized for those actions.[34] cornell university economists francine blau and lawrence kahn stated that while the overall size of the wage gap has decreased somewhat over time, the proportion of the gap that is unexplained by human capital variables is increasing.[35]
using current population survey (cps) data for 1979 and 1995 and controlling for education, experience, personal characteristics, parental status, city and region, occupation, industry, government employment, and part-time status, yale university economics professor joseph g. altonji and the united states secretary of commerce rebecca m. blank found that only about 27% of the gender wage gap in each year is explained by differences in such characteristics.[36]
a 1993 study of graduates of the university of michigan law schoolbetween 1972 and 1975 examined the gender wage gap while matching men and women for possible explanatory factors such as occupation, age, experience, education, time in the workforce, childcare, average hours worked, grades while in college, and other factors. after accounting for all that, women were paid 81.5% of what men "with similar demographic characteristics, family situations, work hours, and work experience" were paid.[37]
similarly, a comprehensive study by the staff of the u.s. government accountability office found that the gender wage gap can only be partially explained by human capital factors and "work patterns." the gao study, released in 2003, was based on data from 1983 through 2000 from a representative sample of americans between the ages of 25 and 65. the researchers controlled for "work patterns," including years of work experience, education, and hours of work per year, as well as differences in industry, occupation, race, marital status, and job tenure. with controls for these variables in place, the data showed that women earned, on average, 20% less than men during the entire period 1983 to 2000. in a subsequent study, gao found that the equal employment opportunity commission and the department of labor "should better monitor their performance in enforcing anti-discrimination laws."[38][39][40]
. women generally earn around 80 cents for every dollar men earn
the size of the gender pay gap varies depending on who you ask.
women earned 79.6 cents for every dollar men made in 2015, according to data from the census bureau released last year. meanwhile, labor department data show women earned about 82 cents for every dollar a man made in 2016.
these figures are broad overviews and compare the pay among all full-time, year-round workers.
the gap narrows when factors like education level, type of work, experience and job tenure are taken into account.
related: democrats to trump: act on paid family leave
the wage gap tends to be wider for older workers, according to martin. part of the reason is they faced bigger gaps when they started their careers, which can hurt long-term earnings potential.
"a relatively small wage gap at the beginning of a career can grow given that everything from raises to 401(k) contributions tend to be based on a percentage of salary," she said.
2. that 20-cent gap really adds up
the pay gap means women lose around <cur>10,470 in median earnings a year, according to a march reportfrom the nwlc.
when you take a career-long view, the gap hinders wealth building. based on the 2015 wage gap, a 20-year-old female entering the work force full time will lose <cur>418,800 over a 40-year career compared to a male worker, according to the nwlc.
that means she will have to stay in the workforce 10 years longer than a man in order to earn the same amount.
3. race and ethnicity can widen the gap
the gender pay gap is much larger among african american and hispanic female workers.
hispanic women made 54 cents for every dollar a white, non-hispanic man earned, which means they will lose more than a million dollars over a 40-year career based on today's wage gap, according to the nwlc.
related: it's a long march to equality for women of color
black women earn 63 cents for every dollar a white, non-hispanic man earns, meaning they will typically lose more than <cur>840,000 over a 40-year career.
asian female workers are faring the best at narrowing the gap. they make 85 cents for every dollar a white, non-hispanic man makes.
4. we've come a long way, but progress has stalled
after strong progress shrinking the pay disparity in the 1980s and 1990s, the improvement has slowed recently.
"progress has really slowed down and for the last decade or so, change has been modular," said ariane hegewisch, a program director at the institute for women's policy research (iwpr).
related: how paid family leave could become a reality in the u.s.
the wage gap did narrow a teeny bit last year. in 2014, women earned 78.6 cents for every dollar a man made.
"congress has not engaged on this issue in recent years and that may be one reason we haven't seen a lot of national progress," said martin.
5. the bigger the paycheck, the bigger the gap
the gap is often larger among higher-paying jobs, according to hegewisch.
personal financial advisers had the biggest gender wage gap last year, according to a report from iwpr.
the study did find occupations where women earned more than men. those occupations included counselors; teachers assistants; combined food preparation and serving workers, including fast food; and sewing machine operators.
------
tifu by orgasming so hard i broke my vagina
happened a couple of days ago, as is tradition. throwaway because some irl folks know my normal handle on here.
so a couple of months ago my doctor put me on a new ssri to help with my chronic depression. it didn't work that well and made me super-dazed, and on top of that my sex drive dried up to a level that can only be described as "sahara-like." now, it's not like i'm in a relationship or anything, but i still enjoyed getting off at least a couple times a week, and found myself very wound up without my normal release.
i told my doctor that the medication just kind of put me in a fog, so she switched me to an snri and holy horniness my sex drive came back with a vengeance. after work one day, i came home and decided to treat myself to a round or two with my vibrator, to celebrate. well, it had been building up so long in me that i went to town and had one of the most intense orgasms of my life. i should note at this point that i didn't use lube, because i was so..worked up..i figured i didn't need it.
sounds great, right? eh..not so much, because right after finishing the deed, i realized i had a shooting pain in my vagina, like i had badly pulled a muscle. after spending a couple of minutes laying in state, praying to every god and deity out there to make the pain subside, i made the long, labored waddle to the toilet, only to realize i was dripping a lot of blood, too.
before you ask, no, it was not shark week for me, so needless to say, i was surprised. upon further inspection, i realized that i not only pulled a muscle deep in my lady parts that had me walking funny for a day, i suffered a vaginal tear due to my..vigor..as well. however, it was a lot more blood than any little tears i had had in the past, and prior to this, i never tore from masturbating, so i was convinced i really badly injured myself, and may need stitches.
i called my ob's office and made an appointment, and i explained what happened, all while turning shade of purple that barney the dinosaur would envy. my doctor took a look and welp, i was right, i needed stitches, and instructed me that in the future during any particularly-intense sessions, i should probably use lube, just to be safe. ironically, now i now have to once again abstain from all sexual activity for a period of time, so i'm back to square one.
needless to say, the whole experience was not what i was expecting, and has been something i would prefer to not experience, ever again.
tl;dr got super horny, overdid it during a solo session, and broke my vagina.
edit: thanks for all the lube tips, guys. just ordered (look up the drum of lube on amazon, was apparently inadvertently linking to my wishlist, too) so i think i'm good to go for future sexytimes! (not really, but i did order a few different brands suggested and really appreciate it!)
edit 2: been getting a lot of questions about my antidepressants. i was on celexa and am not on cymbalta. feel free to pm me if you have any further questions, happy to have helped some folks out . sorry if it takes me a while to respond, been getting a ton of questions and i want to make sure i answer them all, thoroughly!
edit 3: gold! holy crap, thank you, internet stranger! who knew my most read post would ever be about injuring my vajayjay...i'll take this opportunity to throw out a lpt: lube, lube, and lube some more! also, know if you pull a muscle while orgasming, the pain is intense but it should only last a day or so.
------
yeah, i was afraid that this would be your next reply. from a debate about the particular semantics of a word, we go to a debate about how the meaning of a word should be determined. i didnt really want to open this can of worms, and still dont, but i guess i am too stubborn to let this go. you are saying that there is a definite meaning of a word. one that is determined by some expert or group of academics. i'm not denying that this makes sense and is a relatively useful way to think about the meaning of words, but it is not how actual language works. in linguistics, it has been widely recognized thst many cultures have long histories of semantic ambiguity, where at one point it meant one thing, and at the next point something else entirely, sometimes even totally opposite of the original meaning. even experts have changed the meanings of certain technical terminology throughout the ages. this fact, on top of this, that the word form ( spoken or written ) associated with a particular concept is often entirely arbitrary and can vary greatly from speaker to speaker and from language to language, has led most linguists to deny that there is a " fair " usage of a word, despite as you and many other people may think. language is inherently a social phenomenon and can be compared to ethics, where there often isn't a very clear cut objectively " good " way to behave. instead, what is correct or incorrect is in flux. it changes with the properties of our society and even within one society, there can be disagreement with no way to adjucate. i am not saying that in this particular case, i am right about " the " meaning of socialism, even if there is no such thing. all i'm saying is that even though you might be very right that experts are siding with you when it comes to the " proper " definition of socialism, it is still the case that - as you have said so yourself - there are many people who use socialism in a different sense. and because of the social dynamics of language use to the arbitrariness of language, there is no absolute right or wrong. there is only communication by miscommunication. now, you better try to keep correcting everyone who uses socialism " wrongly ". i applaud you for the effort and wish you good luck with that. it will certainly help everyone to communicate better with each other in the future. but it will probably take you a very very long time and i believe it might be much more efficient and pleasant for everyone involved if we would only correct each other when there is a purpose and an intention to communicate. since you don't seem to want to add anything to the debate, i would like to thank you for your language lessons today and wish you a good day.
------
>i'm going to be a minority in this country, before i'm old enough to retire, according to democrats, mind you. and maybe i wouldn't care if it wasn't happening to all white countries too, including our indigenous homelands.
still a large plurality double the size of the next largest racial group, not that i think it's a huge deal either way.
>and if i didn't feel like we're already being treated horribly or like second-class citizens in some way, even at our current demographic representation.
look, maybe people say some shit about us sometimes. that happens to every race, why would you even want to get involved?
affirmative action is a problem, but there's a place for it as well. i'd have to write a few paragraphs to actually do justice to my thoughts on the subject. looking at other races, however, there are laws and policies that have historically targeted them directly. more recently, we've seen loose lending standards for arms and stop & frisk.
>it's not fair that saying i'm proud in my own skin is defined as "hate speech", while any other race or ethnic group, gays, women, etc. saying the same thing is celebrated and considered a morally just thing.
honestly, white people get all kinds of shit. columbus day, st. patrick's day, casimir pulaski day... where i live there are private clubs, churches, and bars that cater to polish, irish, italian, etc. folks. that's fine. american blacks often group based solely around their skin color because their specific heritage was robbed from them (minus more recent african immigrants).
>was it racist when my ancestors opened the borders with the hart-celler act? that was long before i was born.
i don't want to get into the minutia of what happened decades or centuries ago. i don't blame you for bad things your ancestors did, neither do i think you deserve any credit for the good things. i simply think, at this point in history, the american people, regardless of skin color, need to come together and take positive action to correct the inequities that continue to exist. we've already done a lot through civil rights and great society legislation. that's why i said above, i don't support the dismantling of progressive policy without an alternative. that doesn't mean i support all those programs; i don't, i think they need to be reformed or replaced with less paternalistic, higher-level, market-based policies.
>that's really all i needed to hear. trying to accuse me of being some kind of nazi murderer simply because i compared two ethnocentric slogans is dishonest and deceitful aa fuck.
black lives matter is not a racist slogan. maybe some people involved in the movement are, but the slogan itself wasn't created by a literal racist terrorist. deceitful is ignoring that context.
>i don't think i use it in contexts that would indicate a hatred of all jews.
that's stupid. someone's ethnicity/religion has nothing to do with anything. the only reason to use echos is if you're trying to draw a connection between jews and something you perceive as negative.
>parentheses are nazi shit, along with sad frog memes and hand gestures?
no, just the 14 words and echos. pepe is just dumb, post-modern, american politics, and i don't even know that that's an actual hand gesture.
>it's why i try to specify that i disagree with colin kaepernick's message, in particular, since i kind of cringe whenever i hear boomercons talk about "respect the flag, muh troops", etc. and, obviously, i don't disagree with his message because i support cops murdering children, or something.
we haven't even addressed kaepernick, really. your pointless, racist interjections are intentionally distracting. you're just trying to bait lefties into getting worked up and saying stupid shit.
despite the 14 words and echo shit, i believe that you, personally don't buy into actual racist ideology. you're consistently more thoughtful and clearly more knowledgeable than your typical stormfront inbred.
but, you want people to call you racist, because you can then dismiss their arguments and look like you came out on top. someone less persistent than i would just get frustrated and give up.
------
it's going to come down to differentiating between " passing out " and " blacking out " if you ask me. that is what must happen in order to determine possible perjury of any meaningful result. doesn't really matter to me at this point. do you think senator feinstein played it dirty by withholding the letter for six weeks? yes. do i think it's surprising that six previous background checks by the fbi failed to turn up any hint whatsoever regarding sexual misconduct? yes. does this outweigh the fact that kavanaugh's history regarding mass surveillance / rendition is troubling? no. do i think a very dangerous precedent is being set regarding an allegation that has so little corroboration? yes. does this outweigh the fact that i think it's very dangerous to have an unbalanced supreme court? no. do i think kavanaugh was evasive during his most recent testimony in regards to his drinking? yes. do i think christine ford's testimony had questionable aspects to it? yes. do i think roe vs wade will likely be overturned? no. do i think the patriot act will ever be rescinded? no. maybe re - branded but no significant change. do i think it's ironic whether people on the left recently praising george w bush are now using kavanaugh's role in his administration against him? yes. does that outweigh what kavanaugh's views on those important issues seems to be? no. i could go round and round and round on the talking points that supplied by other corporate media, doesn't really change anything. do i believe the intelligence agencies are ever going to respect the actual measures in place that protect a us citizen? no. did the democrats question kavanaugh regarding his views / role during the bush administration? i don't know, so if someone can answer that, cool. was any of the corporate media bringing up his views / role within the bush administration? not to my knowledge, but far from certain. are we entering a period in the history of the us regarding privacy / technology that is disturbing to many people? doubtful. is the supreme court going to protect us from the agencies capable of abusing their power / authority? doubtful. could the supreme court make rulings in the future that further degrade our right to privacy while enhancing the intelligence agencies / drug enforcement abilities to collect whatever information they want on any citizen? yes. from what we see from both democrats and republicans at this time... honestly, do you think either party would condemn the intelligence agencies for mass surveillance of the general public? i don't, not to any extent that would result in prosecution / jail time for anyone. i don't think i'll be heartbroken if kavanaugh doesn't get confirmed. i do think both he and ford have been treated very badly. i'm guilty myself of going a little overboard. in the end though, i'm going to have to go with the wisdom of " be true to thine own self ". i'm a conspiracy theorist... whatever that means these days. i have very little trust in our government and i think the invasion of our privacy and mass surveillance of the general public are reaching extremely dangerous levels. kavanaugh has a documented history regarding these topics. it's impossible for me ( personally ) to rectify these two things. do i think kavanaugh has led an outstanding life in public service overall and is extremely qualified in interpreting constitutional law? yes. do i believe he committed the act he is accused of? no. does that change anything? edit : let's take a " hypothetical " for a test drive. let's assume kavanaugh " doesn't " get confirmed. do you think fox news when considering their " public position " on intelligence agencies is ever going to bring kavanaugh on and ask him about his role in the bush administration? do you think cnn is going to? msnbc? do you think kavanaugh would become so bitter over not being confirmed that he would seek a public voice in the alternative media domain and be more forthcoming on what he knows about the patriot act and everything that went into its creation and the ramifications it has had?
------
again, comparing like to like is folly like this between sets. in any given draft of aether revolt, you are about 70% like to open a fatal push (39/42 of non fatal push cards= 93% of not opening a push; 2 packs per person and 8 people=16 packs of aether revolt; .93^16=.31, or a 31% chance of not opening fatal push in a draft, or 69% of one being opened in a draft). compared to an uncommon from a regular large set, which is about 61% to open a given uncommon. this may seem like more pushes were opened, however also keep in mind how heavily a set is drafted.
small set drafts are notoriously underdrafted compared to large sets. compare aether revolt to dominaria, for instance. assuming even 25% high dragting of dominaria over aether revolt (which i think is low), that means that for every 100 aether revolt drafts there would be 125 dominaria drafts. this equates to for 70 fatal pushes opened up in those 100 drafts of aether revolt, there would be just about 75 wizard's lightning opened assuming a 25% increase in drafting (61*1.25=75.25). this doesn't get into other product being opened adding to this. i figure this number is pretty low, honestly.
to be absolutely frank, i would not ne surprised if there are about as many fatal pushes roaming around as there are of a given rare from a typical large set that is reasonably popular.
compare to rares from dominaria. assuming 1/8 of oacks opened will have a mythic, that leaves 21 rares opened. lets assime you are wanting to ooen chainwhirler, dor instance. any given pack is about 1.9% to have a chainwhirler, or 98.1% to not contain it. assuming 21 packs have a rare in any given draft (the rest being mythic) leaves you with about a 65% chance if not opening chainwhirler in a draft, or about 35% chance of opening one (.981^21 = .655). assuming the numbers above of 1.25 drafts of dom for every draft of aether revolt, that leaves us with 43.75 chainwhirlers per 70 fatal pushes. while this number is certainly lower, it does show the power of drafting.
i would personally not be surprised if dominaria were drafted twice as heavily as aether revolt, which would put just as many chainwhirlers in the wild as fatal pushes, even though one is uncommon and one is rare. even still, it doesnt take much more than my low-ball to move the numbers much closer.
the entire point i am getting at is that a large part of why push is so expensive has to do with how under opened aether revolt was. grn being a large swt draftwd by itself with several sesirable cards at rare will certainly cap the cost of trophy.
------
the original poster should read this ^ post and pay heed to it. everything said here is true.
i've had sex on the regular for the past 4 years. as a newbie, i couldn't tell the difference between wearing and not wearing a condom. so wearing a condom on my penis didn't in any way diminish my experience. now that i can tell the difference (which would make you think i'd insist on not putting on a rubber), i still prefer to wear a condom. both for my basic partner's sake and my own.
there was one time when we noticed that the condom had ruptured as we were cleaning up afterwards. we panicked. ran to the pharmacy, got a morning after pill. we sat down and had a talk about what we'd do if we were indeed pregnant. this was the second or third time we were having sex (shows you how inexperienced we were). we considered dropping out of college, getting married and me working for her dad while raising the baby. both of us had great plans for the future and a baby in our early twenties would have meant giving up on everything we both wanted since high school. we realized that half an hour of sexy times isn't worth ruining our life plans over.
keep in mind that we had been together for almost 2 years at that point and we were pretty sure that we'd get married after college. thankfully, there was no pregnancy. we have been extremely cautious ever since.
this little story is meant to show you a number of things. first, that it's perfectly normal to wait to have sex. we waited almost two years to do it. i have friends who have been dating the same partner since high school and only started having sex in college. second, you don't need to give a guy sex to keep him interested. my interest in my girlfriend isn't only about having sex. if it was, then our relationship would be very shallow and it wouldn't be too hard for me to break up with her and start dating someone else. what makes me interested in her and our relationship is that i value our conversations and our activities together (gym, swimming, shopping, cooking etc). what i'm saying is that if anyone can give me sex but only my partner can give me fulfilment in other aspects of life. and that is enough to keep me interested. third, that people who are new at sex can easily make mistakes. i was wearing a condom and still managed to tear its tip. it is virtually impossible for a newbie to be able to pull out before ejaculating. it would be stupid to think otherwise.
op, sit down and think about your future in 5 and 10 years' time. i highly doubt you're looking for a life of regrets and hardship due to an unwanted baby. don't do something that may jeopardize that future.
------
as my flair indicates, i'm an atheist, and not only do i not believe in god, but i don't believe on any sort of supernatural religious claim, such as the afterlife, prayer, the soul, etc, with one exception : free will. i wouldn't say i'm completely on board with the concept, it's more like i'm agnostic about it, but that's more credit than you give every other supernatural religious claim i can think of at the moment. this could lead into another discussion about why people are convinced by certain claims and not others but i'm not going to get into that in this post. so to clarify what i mean by free will / determinism : imagine the universe gets a do over with nearly the same variables and initial conditions being identical to the one we live in now. when this universe gets to be exactly as old as the current one, am i still here writing this post, or has it changed, even slightly, due to the actions of conscious beings? if you think it'm unchanged, then you are a supporter of determinism ( please correct me if i got this wrong somehow ) if you think it's changed due to the actions of conscious beings, therefore you are a supporter of free will. i guess you could also hypothetically argue that the laws of the universe are random but just don't see anyone actually arguing this so i'll ignore this option for now. if there is another option, i don't see it, and i do consider a deterministic universe incompatible with free will. most atheists i've met are in the deterministic camp. this is fine, but something i've noticed about christians is that some are in the free will camp but others are in the deterministic camp, and certain members of both camps will deride atheists for being on the opposite side of the free will debate. for example, one free will christian i met on this subreddit accused me of believing in the idea that i'm all just a slave to the chemical reactions in my brain, while when i had to babysit my neighbors kids at sunday school, the pastor said " there is a god and he has a purpose for each of us, there are some, called atheists, who believe we is all making a happy accident, but they're incompatible. " i sometimes wonder if the redditor and the pastor could get in a room together and discuss free will. they are on opposite sides of the argument, but both manage to make the other side look like an absurd by product of rejecting christianity. i get that within every group there are internal disagreements, and i'm not using this as proof christians don't know what they are talking about or anything, i just find it funny that both think the other side is comprised only of the irreligious. now, i know that some of you might be trying to contest the notion that these two christians contradict each other on the matter of free will. let me try to justify that premise : so, my mom, after graduating from a university in ohio, had job offers in both new york and virginia. she went to virginia where she met my dad and had me. but, if free will is true, then she could have just as easily gone to new york and not met my dad and i wouldn't even exist. maybe someone else would exist in my place, but it wouldn't be me. in that case my very existence is a happy accident. but let's say determinism is true, then you could reset the scenario an infinite amount of times, and every time my mom would go to virginia, marry my dad, and have me, because those decisions are the result of chemical processes in her brain, in that sense, she doesn't have free will like she thinks she does, and is just a slave to chemical processes in her brain. both positions sound completely absurd on an emotional level, but one has to be true. this is why i think anything can sound ridiculous with clever rebranding. the last thing i want to mention is that even if we live in a deterministic universe, there is an element to chance in life. i was born in a free country, to stable, middle class parents, not part of a discriminated minority, no severe medical conditions, not abused as a child, either physically, nor sexually, nor emotionally, and for those things, i'm better off than 99 % of the world's population, despite the fact that i've done nothing to earn that place. i'm sure there are people who are more deserving of loving home than i who, through no fault of their own, will never get it. in this sense, even if god exists and he has a plan for each of us and all that, there are still elements of my life that are " happy accidents. "
------
i was hired by bloomage, the chinese company working with the nhl for the china games, to be a team host for the calgary flames. basically, my job was to travel with the team, make sure their transportation was organized, and translate for them if needed. i had an amazing time with the team and i thought i would share my experiences with /r/hockey.
one of the most memorable stories from the trip came post-game in shenzhen. after the game, the players all boarded the bus headed towards the airport to catch a flight to beijing. however, in the underground parking lot of the arena, things took a rough start. on the first turn in what can only be described as a labyrinth of a parking structure, our delightful bus driver rammed his right-side rearview mirror directly into two air conditioning units, shaking the entire bus as sparks flew outside the windows. the rearview mirror was [bent completely out of position](<url>), causing it to block our bus door and the only way to exit the bus. despite the driver's best efforts to open the door from the inside, it would not budge. eventually, it caught the attention of the other buses with [gmbt trying to dislodge the mirror](<url>) but unfortunately cutting his hand in the process. finally, another driver managed to pull the mirror back into a somewhat acceptable position, amidst the typhoon of chirps coming from the players on the bus. we decided then just to drive to the airport with one and a half rearview mirrors in order to make our flight. hilarity, stress, and sheer astonishment rolled into one unique experience.
>"you can't make this up" - matthew tkachuk.
(tldr; bus driver ran into an air conditioning unit in shenzhen, rearview mirror trapped us all in the bus).
another great experience was undoubtedly going to the great wall with the team. all the players immediately and brashly bought many hilarious souvenirs upon entering the area, becoming colorfully adorned in [military/panda](<url>)/[straw hats](<url>), and [kimonos](<url>). best part of the day was riding down the toboggan [behind johnny](<url>) and [in front of jankowski and bennett](<url>). johnny kept braking so i would crash into him and subsequently be crushed by the big boys behind me. i counted three people in total who completely wiped out and fell off their sleds. it was a blast.
finally, i was also [interviewed by flamestv](<url>), for which i was brutally unprepared for but i tried my best.
the team and staff were absolutely amazing to me, treated me with the utmost hospitality, and allowed me to feel welcome and included during my interactions with the team. i have gained a lot of respect towards the calgary flames organization, and i wish them the best of luck in the upcoming season.
feel free to ask any questions about my work experience! i was also working closely with the team hosts for the boston bruins as well so i can answer any china games related questions.
p.s. james neal is an absolute beauty.
edit: formatting
------
> at least in their beliefs.
your entire post sorta hinges on this point: that what their beliefs are actually matters.
theology isn't some namby-pamby field like icecream flavors where everyone gets to choose what is and isn't good. if something is correct, it is. if it isn't, it isn't.
their beliefs are wrong, and that's unfortunate, but lukewarm is sensible. they say they love god, but do what god hates. we know what god hates on account of holy writ and the sacred tradition. if thier beliefs diverge from what the church teaches (in this example, on what god hates and finds meritorious), then they are anathema from the church -- so why call themselves members of it?
if one of these folk looked christ in the eye and said "i love you", and christ asked them why 4 martyred infants came to him on their account, and their reply was "because i love choice too", think you that christ would indeed say "this is the love of god", when this is the same christ who says "let the little children come to me and *do not hinder them*, for to such belongs the kingdom of heaven".
by no means!
such people have spit out god, and so the same god spits them out likewise in reaction to their own choice. i use this as an example because it is cruel and debated by modernists, but all mortal sin is thus: when a killer kills, does the god who says "you shall not kill" have friendship with them? of course not! then why is it that we cannot discern with such clarity from holy writ what is told to us?
especially on matters that god most certainly hates but society loves (such as fornication, infanticide, the denial of god's gift of fertility, etc), or those matters which god hates and society loves (greed, exploitation, unfairness, deception, murder, theft, etc)? why can we not read holy writ at it's worth and hear the teachings of the apostles as it comes to us with clarity, not obfuscating it under our lusts which are bent to the world, doing what the world loves and shunning what it hates?
thus are conservatives, who hate what god loves. and liberals who love what god hates. we instead must be people who love god in the highest with all of ourselves and our neighbour as ourselves with the love of god through us, neither loving as the world loves nor hating with it.
so when someone says "i love god" but does what god hates, what friendship do they have other than a lie? they say one thing but contradict it, doing another. what is this but a lie and a breach of their friendship with god?
------
>we've already done a lot through civil rights and great society legislation. that's why i said above, i don't support the dismantling of progressive policy without an alternative. that doesn't mean i support all those programs; i don't, i think they need to be reformed or replaced with less paternalistic, higher-level, market-based policies.
yeah... suffice to say, i'm not a big fan of progressive policies. >_> maybe if we had a choice to opt-out then people could do the progressive thing if they're into that. but it seems to me, from my point of view, that the only long-term effects of the civil rights revolution has been riots, censorship, political correctness, race hatred, a reduction of social cohesion and communal trust, and the destruction of the black community.
>black lives matter is not a racist slogan. maybe some people involved in the movement are, but the slogan itself wasn't created by a literal racist terrorist. deceitful is ignoring that context.
again, a semantic comparison between the two. if you're hung up on the david lane thing, then just use white lives matter, which is widely assumed to be a racist kkk slogan, or, even, astoundingly, all lives matter. faith goldy certainly wasn't advocating racial terrorism when she was permanently banned from patreon for saying secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.
>that's stupid. someone's ethnicity/religion has nothing to do with anything. the only reason to use echos is if you're trying to draw a connection between jews and something you perceive as negative.
if someone's ethnicity has nothing to do with anything, then i never want to hear the words nazi, or white supremacist, ever in my life again. ever ever. believe me, i wouldn't mind working towards a future where we can relegate all forms of idpol to being a thing of the past. but i don't think that's possible right now. if people are going to attack me, my group, my people for characteristics we were born with and the things we do, then i think i'm entitled to criticize other groups back, especially when they're doing a greater-than-average share of the criticizing. i don't know if i said this above, but my basic position is idpol for everyone or idpol for no one - ironically, i am quoting [a jew](<url>) here.
>no, just the 14 words and echos. pepe is just dumb, post-modern, american politics, and i don't even know that that's an actual hand gesture.
eh, well, i disagree. i think it's the context that makes or breaks it, and hey, i'm not perfect, so i'm bound to make mistakes from time to time.
>despite the 14 words and echo shit, i believe that you, personally don't buy into actual racist ideology. you're consistently more thoughtful and clearly more knowledgeable than your typical stormfront inbred.
well, thanks, i sincerely appreciate that. thoughtful is what i'm going for. i want to make people think and consider that maybe not everyone like me out there is a horrible person, i want to test what works and what doesn't in deconstructing some of the ideas i find problematic, and i also want to steelman my arguments to a crowd so that if i really am saying anything fucked up or based on a faulty premise, i can know about it.
if you want to know what i hope for, i want to see the sjws and the alt-right essentially merge and consume each other at some point, because i can't believe how stupid society is that we think "rights for blacks/women/gays/etc." and "rights for whites/men/christians/etc." are in conflict with each other. like, you can't even get both sides to sit down and talk down at a table with each other because things are so tense. and we have the internet now. i just find the pettiness of it so insane.
------
> so you're arguing that a <cur>50 billion dollar company that generates billions in revenue isn't better off than when musk took over? amazon didn't turn a profit for decades. i'm guessing you're not a businessman.
you don't need to be a businessman to understand the difference between revenue and profit. this is why you fail to realize how idiotic you sound. while you're at it, go understand what market cap is also.
>they didn't work. elon's does.
wtf is a space shuttle? they were also other companies that experimented with reusable rockets which landed vertically. it wasn't economically feasible to use and space x still hasn't proven that could be. just because the federal government is giving him money to based on his estimates doesn't mean it works. government funds tons of stupid things.
> musk didn't start or operate solar city until it was bought out. dumbass.
no, but it is run by his cousins and he owned a majority stake. considering the size of his stake was on the board and had a big hand in it. he had to essentially bail out the company to save his stake.
> spacex is contracted by nasa. seems like it worked pretty well.
the race barely started. they have a long way to go to even match boeing.
> musk doesn't make money? he's worth <cur>20 billion. one of the wealthiest people in the world. you're saying people with big egos don't do what musk does... because they don't want to be worth <cur>20 billion? this might honestly be the dumbest point you've tried to make.
no idea wtf you're saying. i only mentioned that people that are that rich don't do stupid things like he does on twitter and call actual heroes pedophiles. they don't have such egos to even your peabrain could understand that.
> ahh ok so some random dumbass redditor that thinks he can be a ceo of a multi billion dollar company is giving his opinion on what "matters." did you tell all the investors that put in millions into tesla? i think they'd want to hear from a genius like yourself.
once again, being rich doesn't make you smart. he recently actions showned that you can still do dumbass things with above intelligence. being rich doesn't give you a pass that you're automatically immune to criticism. no genius needed to understand that.
> if you're going to say stupid shit like you could easily do what elon musk has done, than expect people to laugh in your face and ask why you aren't a billionaire yet. quit crying.
he honestly hasn't done much except reap benefits for himself while marketing to people like you to worship him. he's one of those salesman who overpromises and underdelivers every time.
once again, i know you'll go run back to that he's rich, so he's successful. in your mind, which means he's better than you. if you look at his personal life, i am mounds more successful than him. it depends on your measurement. you need to compare things with context. if i compare musk with buffet, musk is a chump.
arguments are pretty basic - that most of what he does is purely based on subsizidies provided by taxpayers which he purposely exploits, he always overpromises and undeliveries, takes credit for others work, most of his projects are gimmicks which has are based off old ideas and that he is a broken, petty man which should not be worshipped. oh that and you don't understand the difference between revenue and profit. i repeat for your sake that you do not need to have more money than the person to critcize actual faults.
i don't need to be a billionaire. look at musk, he is and he's still a piece of shit with shitty fanboys. maybe one day, he can actual generate a profit without getting kicked out like his previous ventures.
with enough money, anyone can build a rocket company - bezos proved that. it's making it profitable that matters and sets it apart.
------
i'm a 42m and married for 9 years to a very beautiful wife. before marrying my wife i was a serial monogamist but had a very healthy and adventurous sex life with my previous partners. i miss that pretty much you have no idea. with previous partners there was always a mutual burning desire. i've experienced spontaneous sex on the kitchen floor, done oral in an airplane, and even in the open air in the woods. i'm also really into sexy lingerie, anal toys and more. what i miss most though is just the constant flirting and play. but my wife thinks sex is dirty and wishes that it didn't exist. we do have sex, maybe once every three months. but she always has to initiate by asking " do you want sex? ". if i ask or initiate the answer is always no. when we do have sex i inevitably go down on her to at least 30 minutes which she seems to really enjoy ( and so do i ) and then we have intercourse for about 2 minutes because when you have sex once every 3 months its kind of difficult to have any stamina. we have wonderful kids and a great family. i love my wife and my family very much and don't want to do anything deceitful or hurt her in any way, but i don't know how much longer i can take them. i don't feel like i am being myself, because i have to almost hide my fantasies and desires. i have tried talking to her about this in the past, but her response is just she enjoys it when we do it except that usually she doesn't want to do it. she refuses to consider adding sex toys or wearing sexy lingerie. it wouldn't exactly be so bad if she wasn't so hot! she says i should just masturbate when i need to, and that's fine for temporary release of frustration but i still feel very empty without the intimacy, sensuality and eroticism in my life. edit : adding this point because a few people were asking : we had plenty of sex before and just after we got married ( about 6 months after ), so i had no idea i would have to basically give up sex in the future. i'm certain i'm not the only guy out along with this problem. i'm curious to hear any advice. thanks. september 21 : i have been thinking a lot about everyone's comments and suggestions from yesterday. thanks so much for the overwhelming response. i think most people have a need to be desired, some love to please others, and some just like receiving pleasure. my wife is very self confident and does not seem to have any need to feel desired, and while she enjoys seeing our kids happy, it is usually through doing something that she likes. she won't do something for the kids that would make them happy if she didn't like it. i think that translates to our sex life. i love pleasing my partner ( and i don't only mean sexually ) but she doesn't have that. i will try talking with her, but i think there is an attitude toward sex that may not change. before getting married i used to photograph nude models ( artistic ), and i also bought some erotic charcoal sketches in europe from a gallery. one day we were cleaning out the basement and we came across these items and she said " wow you were obsessed. " so i said " what do you mean'were '? i still am. " to which she replied " it's not something to be proud of. "
------
first, let me preface by saying i am definitely not an expert. my background is in psych and i do a lot of reading in affective neuroscience and (borderline) personality disorder, but, again, i'm not a phd level clinician by any means.
with that disclaimer, my present belief is that anything in the cortex is malleable enough throughout the lifespan to be responsive to therapy. the deeper problem is with the older rostral limbic system function. it's not clear to me from what reading i've done just how plastic this system is, if it can, in adulthood anyway, be a good target for change vs management. i'm going to answer your question from that more conservative orientation.
yes, there are treatments that can work. your primary problem is likely a kind of learned helplessness writ large. your problem is likely twofold: 1) your appraisal mechanisms (of social stimuli in particulary), which seem to be housed in the (right) cortex and therefore can definitely change, make you prone to misinterpreting (social) reality, e.g., thinking someone is angry at you when they're not, and 2) because of issues with the limbic system your physiology, your emotional response, is exaggerated, which ends up reinforcing your appraisal mechanisms. very similar to ocd where a ritual may get rid of an unwanted thought but in its success, it reinforces the percieved reality/truth of the content of that thought, e.g., if avoiding cracks, avoids breaking my mothers back -> i avoid cracks and my mother's back never breaks -> therefore, it must be true that avoiding cracks avoids breaking my mother's back -> reinforcement of avoiding cracks behavior and the belief in the false relationship of cracks and my mother's back. in your case, your appraisal mechanisms of social stimuli don't capture reality quite correctly, but your phsyiological response is exaggerated, reinforcing your exaggerated appraisal, keeping you stuck like an ocd patient. that's a rudamentary way of looking at it, problems like yours are more complicated (which is why cbt may work for ocd behaviors but it likely won't work for yours).
in my opinion the best treatment for this is dbt skills with a serious mindfulness component and schema focussed therapy. we can talk in pm, if you like, about what this is supposed to look like/entail. dbt is popular right now, so there are *a lot* of bs programs that market themselves as dbt-oriented/informed when they're pretty much garbage or just do a little skills training--nothing that will actually help you. but, in short, dbt with schema focussed therapy can potentially reduce the intensity of your felt affect, teach you how to regulate your affect earlier in the dysregulation chain, and give you the skills to reevaluate a situation and be more interpersonally effective, which should lead also to reduced frequency of dysregulation events. once you're able to regulate affect well, you could likely work on the appraisal mechanism restructuring. if you can't regulate your affect, then in the face of recalling the abuse/neglect, you'll likely get dysregulated to the point of being unable to learn and take anything away from therapy, or get angry at the demands of therapy and quit.
anyway, there's a ton more to be said. entire series of books have been written on this stuff, so, if you have any questions, just pm me.
------
> i'm sorry. but your version of soul here is still very materialistic. read some idealist philosophers or said something about it. okay, they thought i was done but this was actually illuminating, so i don't think we've really overcome the impasse which i originally perceived. when you claimed that ii'm assuming naturalism, i thought you were saying that i was assuming the fact that the supernatural does not exist. in fact, you're referring to materialism vs idealism. > you say : self - determinism fails logically. but this is where you should think critically. really? in your thought experiment, what determines your super - computer? a human? the laws of physics? something, right? we can go back and back and will end up with the typical first - cause - argument. you can't have endless back - causality. so there has tae be a first person. a first cause is by definition selfdetermined. i'm not going to dive too deeply into this here, but you seem to ascribe to an outdated concept of causality. modern physics shows that aristotle's concepts about causality are untrue. causality is not a fundamental property but an emergent label which we perceive at the macro level due to circumstance. here's caltech theoretical physicist sean carroll with a long but fascinating talk on this and other related subjects. if you're ever interested in seeing what modern science has to say about causality instead of relying on millennias - old philosophical notions of causality, check it out : < url > > know we create concepts that are useful to achieve those goals. for example the concept of objective reality. objective reality would be just a tool, we use to achieve things. this is called pragmatism. it is entirely logically sound, has very few axioms which are all selfevident and it is based on the idea of free will. do you not believe that this objective reality really exists within which people may interact? even if consciousness is fundamental and matter is emergent therefrom, wouldn't you still have to pull yourself up by your bootstraps epistemologically by assuming that some objective, shared context of reality exists between actors? you say objective reality is a tool we use, so you seem to be acknowledging this necessity. the moment you acknowledge the necessity of acting as though objective truth exists, you valid ##ate the axioms of the thought experiment. the thought experiment is not contingent on consciousness emerging from matter. it is only contingent on a shared, objective context which we can empirically observe. it seems to me that even idealism acknowledges this shared context, unless you want to devolve into a vegetative state of solipsistic inaction.
------
so interesting that i chanced upon this topic. i've been working on an online independent music video channel since 1999. we became a youtube partner channel in 2008. as of right now, we have 720, 000 subscribers and over one billion, two hundred million videos shown. as of this past pay period, for july, we are currently stuck with the unpleasant options of shutting down the channel or finding a free agent which allows us to quit being involved in the dmca takedowns and piracy charges. simply put, third party digital rights management companies run a search of our content, and they see that we've got a video for ukpunkband # 1. their system checks and finds that ukpunkband # 1's digital rights are owned by their company, usually as the fine print in getting the artists onto itunes, spotify, etc. so the drm company flags us and says we've pirated the content and they are taking all the revenue. because we have written licenses for all content on one channel, we file a counter - claim letting them know that we have a license and that the video was directly submitted by the artist / label. the drm folks have thirty days to reply. this is when 90 % of the views on new videos are made. at the end of the thirty days, we get an email saying our claim was rejected ( 90 % of the time ). once in a great while, the claim gets released. when that passes, we don't get any of the missing revenue. the majority of the time, when our claim gets rejected, we're left with no options. no one double checks, no one from youtube will hear us out and no one seems to care. so, our indie media outlet, which shows between two and five million music videos a month, is gone from making this small enough living for us to work on it full - time for the past eight years, to the payment we got on august 31, for whopping three figures. that's about the bandwidth costs. i am now dead broke, unable to pay even basic utilities and juggling whether to put twenty dollars into the gas tank or buy canned goods. we've launched a patreon, but i can't see how that would do any good in any amount of time. we're trying to migrate the channel to facebook or roku, but again, it's twenty thousand videos, it would take years and i'm assuming the bogus claims will follow us. also, there isn't a way to see which videos have been claimed and monetized by someone else. so to issue counter claims, means to scroll through 20, 000 + videos by hand and issue the claims, which are largely ignored. these drm companies know our channel, know how long we've been around and know that we have a license for all the videos we show. they also know that no one gives a shit. it's clearly tortious interference and a bunch of other crimes and we'd love to find a lawyer to stand up for us, but < cur > 600 doesn't bring in the real high - powered attorneys. so i have a couple days to find a whole new career or lose my house and family.
------
i legitimately loved name of the wind, but found wise man's fear lacked a lot of the same qualities that made me enjoy rothfuss's writing these characters. in the first book we follow a lead character who has been robbed of everything in his life except for a lute. that boy plays the lute to its death while he slowly starves. this is a character that starts from literally nothing except for the skills he taught himself along the way. it's fantastic to start as the little things go right over him, learning to beg in the right spots and learning to avoid the guardsmen. seeing him figure out that he can use his unusual talent with the lute to get more donations and even to " work " in taverns and pubs to make money. we love seeing things start out go bad and we are given hints of the backstory of his parents death. his final success is going to the school of his dreams. it is the literal rags and riches story we all love. however in wise man's fear, the same boy is arrogant ( rightfully so cocky, but heedless of the insurmountable odds that he surmounted to get here ), simultaneously a literal genius savant, and a dumb teenager, his mistakes in this was i find irritating because of his genius, as he is allowed to make them. he's a teenager. he ages, he gets in trouble in school he cheats his punishment and gets a badass reputation. he becomes the best magician at the school, with the promise that he is likely to be the best magician alive using his knowledge of the name of the wind. so know kvoth is the worlds best lute player, and the worlds best magician ( i honestly cannot recall what they called themselves or even what he magic was called, sorry! ). getting a little mary sue, but he's still a kid and still makes mistakes. wise man's fear adds to his strengths, he is abducted by a faerie goddess and has endless sex while he is the world's best sex haver. rothfuss also skips a few beats that i find disturbing and irritaing. kvoth is also an amazing lawyer getting himself out of jail via his logical genius, but we don't see that, we are given a 1 paragraph summary. kvoth survives a ship wreck that lives everyone (? ) dead except him, but we are given a 1 paragraph summary of that. kvoth fights literal dragons and finds a secretive monk society and convinced them to teach him their art. i find this story of a young boy with nothing growing and learning to survive and even excel wonderful, inspiring, and intriguing due to the allusion to his future maintaining a bar in hiding. wise man's fear seems like the background to someone's overpowered dnd character ; " i played the lute for weeks non stop until i was incredible ( writes in bard level 5 ), i went to magic school until i was an incredible wizard ( writes in wizard level 5 ), i was abducted by a faerie queen and had consentual sex with her for an undetermined amount of time ( sets charisma score to 20, checks proficiency for performance ), then i lived in a monastery ( writes in monk level 5 ). i find the entire story too fantastic a sequel for what i thought was a well grounded, patient, and well written first book. my issue is not with sex in fantasy, sex is a certainty in all things. my issue is that the character develops in ways that make him less attractive to the reader ( which in itself is not a bad thing ), and becomes the literal best st whatever he sets his mind to and does it in record time. rothfuss's writing suffers as well and his decision to skip over what could have been important or interesting story beats harms the flow and the story. finally, i understand that kvoth is not necessarily a reliable narrator, and if we are reading the journalists sensationalized retelling then it makes excuses for these things, but excuses for silly story beats does not make them enjoyable. of course this is all my opinion, sorry if i didn't get it across well via mobile. i have a harder time getting my thoughts across when i am not at a keyboard. tldr ; kvoth goes from being a tragic character who uses his strengths to overcome poverty, starvation, and pay for schooling in book one. book two he takes over the school, becomes the valedictorian, the best magic user, the best lute player, the best fighter, the best sex haver ( seriously ) and has access to a power that few others have or have had access to. he only avoids being a complete mary sue, by making a plethora of childish and frustrating mistakes.
------
1. the fact that people have legitimately argued that kobe bryant is better than mj despite there being little of no evidence for this tells me that kobe kobe are the worst. at least kareem abdul jabbar is the all time leading scorer, 6x champion and a 6xmvp, and at least lebron is the all time leading playoff finalist, all time nba team member, a statistical god and most importantly, a completely different player from mj, but kobe is literally just mj but worse. he plays the same position, has the same pure scoring role, had the exact same coach and ran the exact same system, but individually performed worse. saying that lebron is better than mj, whilst i don't agree with, is like saying that an orange is better than an apple. writing that kobe is better than mj is like saying a mouldy apple is better than an apple. it takes an extreme amount of willful ignorance to even believe, much more so than any other piece of stan. i'm not saying that you believe this btw, but the fact people say this kinda bullshit for kobe shows that he has the most bias in delusional fanbase. celtics fans don't argue that bird is better than mj. spurs fans don't argue duncan is better than that. lakers fans don't even argue that magic, who is more accomplished than kobe, is better than mj. only kobe stans do. 2. " kobe spent his best years on a team with practically no help ". irrelevant. excluding injury, kobe shot 34 % from 3 on 4 attempts per game for his career. durant is shooting 38 % on 4. 8 attempts per game for his career. granted, < phone > was the toughest coaching era in basketball, so if we take that away to make that more even, kobe still shoots 34 % but on 4. 4 attempts. so that's a lower percentage than durant and on less volume. kobe's best years were from 06 - 07, when he was on a bad team. unless you're claiming that prime kobe + " good spacing " would shoot such a ridiculously high percentage from 3 that his two best seasons would now increase his team average to over 38 %, then kobe's best years are irrelevant, as he'd still be no worse shooter than durant. 3. " kd had westbrook regardless of how much we shit on him ". also irrelevant. in 2009 when in the same era defensively in terms of difficulty, kobe had pau gasol scoring 19 ppg on 57 % shooting, his future all nba teammate andrew bynum scoring 14 ppg on 56 % shooting, and the 3rd best offence in the nba. despite this he only shot 35 % from 3 on 4 attempts. durant however in 2009 had the 2nd best scorer on the team rookie russell westbrook scoring 15ppg on 39 % shooting, and had the 29th best offence in the league, yet durant shot 42 % from 3 on 3 attempts. unless you're arguing that relatively shitty rookie westbrook and the 29th best offence in the league provided more offensive attention and spacing for durant than the 3rd best offence in the league and all star teammates did for kobe, then westbrook is irrelevant. and for what it's worth even though the difference is smaller, kobe is also a worse 3 point shooter than durant in the playoffs : p so yeah. saying you jumped the gun was right.
------
> hosea and amos were not around during the supposed exodus, so they'd be drawing upon oral tradition. oral tradition evolves and incorporates multiple civilizations mythic and historical events. their claims could also easily have been altered or changed slowly during the 400 yrs between supposed telling and writing, adding even more room for inaccuracies.
absolutely the story was oral at this point. and certainly what you said is possible. but they don't go into great detail. i totally get your point if those prophets had said "the 7th plague was x", but they don't. they simply state, as a matter of fact, israel's origin. it isn't mentioned for any other reason than the remind the people where they came from.
i get how additional details can be built up over hundreds of years, i do. but what it does show is that the origin story was orally in circulation quite early. in fact, the first writings of the israelites that we have that have survived mention it.
i should clarify my position, too. by saying these sources attest to the exodus, i'm not saying they prove the specifics. i'm simply saying that they attest to the bare facts of the story: israelite (/ canaan) slaves were brought up from egypt by their god. i'm not here trying to defend the death of the firstborn or the red sea splitting.
> isaiah is even later and only mentions it once in passing.
he is later, but not too far behind the other two. and you're right: it is mentioned in passing. that's great for me! it means isaiah is not establishing a new story, but presenting an idea that his hearers would have been well familiar with. so we can safely say that the exodus story is firmly established in judah at his time, too.
> no evidence is consistent with the archeological evidence accepted by most experts in the respective fields.
what do you mean by this?
> the evidence you've described is clearly not good evidence and only shows people within the religion repeating oral tradition with little or no basis in fact with regard to egypt.
"clearly not good evidence" of what? the specifics? i agree. the core story? i think it's decent enough evidence.
i think the above does a good enough job at refuting the idea that the exodus story is a very late creation in israel's history. i have heard floating around the idea that because the torah is composite and seems to have undergone some editing up until the exile that this means the stories were just invented on the spot. that might not be your position (i don't know what your position is, actually, could you state it?) but it is one that i think doesn't stand up to the evidence.
you're right, though, that i cannot prove that moses crossed the red sea.
------
for many who don't know here's a short summary : riot games, the creators of league of legends, had a panel had pax west. they held a gender - segregated event where it was women only. when questioned further they explain it was specifically to exclude men from the event. obviously, this led to a lot of online debate about it. now, the conversation just somehow managed a turn into men being the bad guys, as usual. because the vast majority of players not liking sexism is bad for some reason because men aren't the correct gender. anyway, the employees there called the complainers manbabies and many of the rioters on twitter have been actively insulting their fans. you can read more here : < url > and here < url > but as for myself, i'd like to take a moment to sit down, write how i'm feeling and just let it all out. because honestly, to me, a player of 7 + years of league of legends, a guy who has spent over 500 < cur > on the game and had fond memories of it, this was the last straw of my life. i guess it's been a long time coming. for the last 4 seconds, probably by the time gamergate started, i've felt like i've been taking crazy pills. the truth has been irrelevant for a long time. active collusion of journalist and feminists to vilify men and gamers was proven, but the lie traveled all across this world before the truth even had a chance to know the race had started. i say it started with gamergate, but in reality it started with university. female only scholarships. feminist literature. gender critical children's literature classes... in, well let's just call it a bachelor's degree which was completely unrelated to those. it really raised my eyebrows. then, i met many feminists in school and that's how i was made aware of the mrm and mras in general. of course it started with the whole'' mras for women hating sexists " but that notions was quickly dispelled after i spent less than an afternoon looking at the speakers and the general literature encouraged here and in other circles. to call girlwriteswhat a women hating sexist would be incredibly dumb. then, when gamergate happened after months of anita sarkeesian lying about me, my fellow gamers / men was my friends hobby, i became more politically involved. i started learning as much as i could. then they came for my other hobbies. magic the gathering. tabletops. movies. name it, they called me a sexist for liking it and not moving out of the way of diversity. 4 years of this bullshit. for those of you who follow what sjw and online feminists do, you'll probably have a good idea of what i'm talking about with all the things i've mentioned. after 4 years i thought i had seen it all, that nothing phased me anymore. it was probably just a front to hide how much i was becoming affected by this shit. i found some refuge with the mrm a while back, maybe 2 - 3 years ago. but then through time i grew more distant. it felt like nothing i did mattered, and i hated getting associated with incels, red - pill, mgtow, etc. but now, i can't even say i don't understand those guys. were it not for my incredible so, i'd definitely be feeling like relationships are not worth it and that everything is rigged. anyway, i'm rambling. today i just broke down because of this fucking story. the sad thing is, i felt like crying and i just couldn't. not because " muh patriarchy " or anything like that. i can cry, that's not the problem. i couldn't because of how impersonal it is. it's not directed at me personally. it's a net. everyday there's a new net and a new fucking weight over me. it's not dragging me down personally, but i always feel it. i'm the only acceptable target demographic of harassment left and everyday they find a new way to blame me for something i didn't do. not for my ideology. not for my political leanings ( though they don't shy away obviously ). not for my religion or lackthereof. not for my hobbies. no, they blame me for who and what i am because of people i've never met who did things they would have done too and upon which i have never had any control. and when i stand up and say * stop it *, they laugh. male tears. reverse sexism. toxic masculinity. white fragility. etc. you've all heard them already. the comments on riot's account made that pretty fucking clear. if i'm the victim of exclusionary sexism, then i need to shut the fuck up and sit down because my superiors are talking. if i want to work hard and become a part of a company, then that's sexism and i need to move out of the way. but if i move out of the way, i'm an incel loser who hates probably hates women and who is weird because i'm not married with kids yet supporting 2 people on one paycheck. all the expectations. none of the respect. none of the humanity. i've been reduced to an object of hate and for the last 4 years they've been beating me non - stop. now, even if i have a tendency to get into the melodramatics, i'm not suicidal or depressed. i see the world as it's been shown to me and as i've been seeing it ever since the first inconsistent double - standard irked me. the current world dynamics are fucked and it honestly feels like i'm taking crazy pills. i don't know what to do about it. i doubt anything can be done at this point. the truth doesn't matter and the further along we go, the worse things will get. though i dread to imagine how things can become worse than accusation = life ruined. i thank you for reading my ramblings up to this point. i hope i at least sounded semi - logical. there's so much i want to address. so many things i'd like to talk about, yet find myself unable to, and eventually, you just realise there's only so many hours in the day and you still have to go to work. you dredge on and on until one day a woman is envious of your position and you get accused of something you never did and then they find you hanged yourself. thankfully, i'm well surrounded. i've got an awesome gf who loves me and i love her dearly. i've got a great family. i can't imagine going through this shit alone. people wonder why incels, mgtows or red - pillers are a thing, yet they never stop to wonder what made them this way. it's always the men's fault. it's always the patriarchy. / rambling over.
------
>so south sudan still has too much government for your liking? needs more war and strife before it becomes a paradise, amirite?
i'm not sure where you're getting the idea that the government of south sudan (which is basically a military dictatorship, their gdp military spending is insane) is somehow "libertarian".
>first: private companies exist to make a profit. companies that are losing money will literally cease to exist
which is a form of quality control.
and i mean, what do you suppose the alternative is? companies existing for charity? do you think government is charitable? that they exist to serve us? lol
>in order to turn a profit, the service must either be more expensive or worse quality versus a service provider that just breaks even, i.e. the government
ah well there's where you're wrong. what makes you think government "breaks even" on their monopolies? how do you even define breaking even when it's an entire government? there are government businesses that definitely make money for the government. it just gets spent in other ways, it's not sitting there as "profit" for shareholders. except, when they spend it on other programs, that's basically like they are giving payouts to their shareholders, the taxpayer. it's really no different except government holds a monopoly on whatever industry they want.
>telecom: municipal isps are less expensive and faster. exclusivity agreements between private isps avoid competition and inflate prices. private isps profit off a crisis by throttling the internet speeds for emergency services. overall poor value in rural areas, i.e. bad service for a high price.
our telecom issues are not a problem of not enough government. government is deeply involved in our telecom industry. it's insanely hard for smaller or local isp's to exist in canada, which is why they don't.
>healthcare: private healthcare is effective if you can afford it, but overall it's more expensive for a worse outcome, see us healthcare for examples
the us is not privatized healthcare. the us has medicare, medicaid, etc. not to mention there are enormous amounts of government (fda) regulations that delay drugs, or grant effective monopolies on certain drugs or treatments (which raises the price), etc. the us is really the worst of both worlds because it has the worst elements of private healthcare, and the worst elements of public healthcare.
it's not like our healthcare system is so great. there are tons of drugs and medicine that aren't covered by your government insurance, there are enormous wait times for everything, and we have roughly half the number of doctors available for people (roughly same number of doctors per capita as the us, but roughly double the number of visits people make).
------
and wasn't sure where else to post about this situation. i occasionally browse through this sub i see other men post and i think the subject matter is relevant enough. honestly, i just want to vent about it. it's a very recent event and one that was pretty traumatic. for me at least... so here goes. i'd been dating a girl, we'll call her cheyenne, for 4 years ( together since we were seniors in high school ). lived together for 2. we've had problems like every couple, but we've always worked through them. cheyenne has some mental issues that she has dealt with since she was young. anxiety, depression, and anger management problems. the latter issue was very straining on her. whenever we got in fights, she would resort to screaming, verbal abuse, and, occasionally, physical violence. i've been punched, shoved, and had things thrown at us on multiple occasions. i'd never spoken up about it before due to embarrassment. despite everything, us still loved each other. she went to therapy and went on meds to help reconcile the issues we had. that were good for time. this past may, cheyenne got extremely sick and got diagnosed with celiacs disease. she was in and out of hospitals for weeks. i was there with her the whole time caring and supporting her. she stopped taking her meds due to being so sick and never got back on them. problems arose once more. after she got better, we moved into a house with my brother ( renting ). things escalated rather quickly between cheyenne and i. constant fighting and overall tension in the house. eventually, we decided to take a " break ", focus on ourselves, but continue working on us. she planned a weekend with her cousin to go to chicago. didn't think much of it for she visits chicago with her family every year. the sunday she came home, she told me she had actually stayed in new york and stayed with a guy she was with before we got together. at that point, i felt extremely betrayed and broke things with her. we lived together, cordially, for a few months, but things gradually became worse and worse. i wont get into it, but things came to head this past year. she finally moved out ( quit her job to move in with the guy she cheated on me with in ny, while desperately attempting to break our lease ). we had been arguing about what was hers and what was mine in the house as she was moving out. things escalated so badly that she attempted to steal my laptop for school and a few of my guitars. she was stomping around the house, swearing and screaming, all while her family, my brother, and myself were in the house. she was erratic. her dad finally intervened and told her to stop what she was doing. cheyenne finally snapped and punched me, as hard as she could, in the neck, in front of everybody. i was utterly shocked and heartbroken. my brother screamed and got in between us. her parents scrambled, extremely disappointed, trying to deescalate the situation. my brother threatened to call the police. he was screaming, i was screaming, her parents were screaming. it was total pandemonium. they were begging us not to call the police. her dad even resorted to saying something along the lines of, " you're really going to call the cops because a girl hit you? ". it was extremely painful hearing him say that. someone i considered a father - in - law. i told my brother to just forget it. we talked and everything calmed down slightly. they left and everything was quiet. my brother and i talked about it for a bit. after a lot of careful consideration, or at least i hope, i went to the police station and reported her. it was very hard and extremely embarrassing... the officer i reported the incident to looked at me as if i was joking. he was completely shocked that i came to the police about this. he asked me if i was just trying to get revenge and if i wasn't going to ever see her again, why did i even bother reporting this? i was in complete shock. i told him i was just trying to do the right thing. he said something along the lines of, " well now this poor girl won't be able to get a job. congratulations ". i started crying and made a fool of myself right there in the station. he wrote up the report, told me an investigator would get in contact with me, and i left completely shaken, heartbroken, and regretful. did i do the right thing? was i wrong about everything? should i have just let this go? is sexism to blame for the regret i'm feeling? i don't know. thanks for reading if you did. edit : wow. i just got home from work and never expected this many responses if any. thank you all so much for your kind words and affirmation. i'm almost overwhelmed with how much feedback i've been given. and thank you for those you gave me the more " unpopular " opinions. it honestly gives me some good perspective. i'd be doing you all a disservice if i didn't clear up some details about this whole situation and i hope this doesn't indicate that i'm justifying cheyenne's actions. here goes. i am by no means a perfect person nor was i perfect boyfriend. i had done my fair share of hurtful things towards cheyenne, as many couples do whether they intended to do so or not. now, i have never physically hurt her nor have i verbally degraded her character or feelings. i, however, am guilty of neglect. a little over a year ago, i got admitted into a very prestigious school. i worked really hard to get into a program at this particular school and have worked my ass off since i started. inevitably, most of my time and effort became devoted to my work. it was and still is my passion and something i'm proud of pursuing. however, i became blinded by ambition to pursue a career in something i care about to a fault. i couldn't and wouldn't give cheyenne the attention and care she needed. do i think she expected too much sometimes? maybe. but i think at that point i should've ended things before things could get the way they are now, but i was insecure, selfish, and i couldn't imagine my life without her. to many people in our lives ( our families and friends. even strangers and acquaintances ) we were the " all american couple ". we're both young, attractive, young adults with dreams and aspirations who supported each other. or so we thought. behind all the romanticism that people conjured up about us, was a seriously dysfunctional relationship and one i hope i can learn from. i'm not exactly sure why i'm saying any of this, but it's there for you to decipher i guess. let me know what you come up with because i sure as hell don't know what this means. i actually received a call from an investigator while i was at work, so i'll be calling her back tomorrow after class. i'll try to keep you updated as best i can, but i have a lot of work to do in preparation for my co - op. thanks again to everyone who spared time to read my post. means a lot. cheers.
------
> but to get the same number of photons on m43 as ff, you need two stops extra worth of aperture. this does also have the consequence of making the dof match. no. when using the same lens or the same aperture setting, the middle area of the ff sensor that is exactly same size as the m43 sensor gets the same number of photons. the two extra stops of aperture is a misunderstanding. the dof matches, too. if you use the same lens, from the same spot, with the same aperture setting, and focus on the same thing, the dof will be exactly the same. you will just get a wider field of view on full frame. > similar to putting a magnifying glass to a spot of light and making the spot smaller ; it also gets brighter. no, that's not it. the size of the spot remains the same. you're just not using the entire spot but only a portion of it in the middle. hence, the brightness per area on the sensor does not change. exposure per sensor area is exactly the same when using the same settings. > larger sensor = more light storage = harder to blow highlights. this is why dynamic range measures higher on bigger sensors. this attribute does not directly improve low light performance. nope, " more light storage " isn't a thing, and doesn't mean i're harder to blow highlights. m43 cameras are just much cheaper than ff cameras and as such don't usually get the best, most expensive sensor tech, resulting in less dynamic range. > difficult to get sharpness out of lenses. nope. almost all lenses are sharpest in the center, and you can use ff lenses on m43 cameras no problem. it's actually easier and cheaper to make high quality m43 lenses than ff lenses, because the elements can be built much smaller and lighter. the smaller flange type does make it tougher so get good edge sharpness, but that's another story. > enables shallower dof. 50mm 1. 4 for ff exists ; 25mm 0. 7 for m43 does not ( either cost prohibitive or not physically possible ). yes and no. dof is a function for focal length, aperture size and focal distance. yes, in practice, to get the same ( or similar ) framing, you have to use a wider angle lens ( or walk farther away ), and both of these mean more depth of field ( more things in focus ). but again, using the same lens, at the same settings and distance, the dof is the same. the picture from the m43 camera is just cropped compared to the ff cam. now, why do larger sensors typically have better noise performance? it's simple. compare a 25megapixel ff sensor and a 25megapixel m43 sensor. the ff sensor has four times the area, and as such, each photosite ( " each pixel ", if we're ignoring things like beyer filters etc. ) is four times the size. this allows four times the number of photons to hit each site. that allows for the same brightness with less " signal boost ", translating to better noise performance. this is also why the sony a7s series has only 12. 2 megapixels. huge pixels make for great noise performance. and why the a7r ( 42mpixel ) series has a much smaller native iso range and worse noise performance. the larger physical size of the sensor and the camera also allow you to stuff in more tech that improves image quality and allows for things like increased dynamic range, etc. but that's where it gets really complicated, and i don't feel knowledgable enough to really talk about it. either way, the advantages of ff right now are higher quality sensors, the availability of higher quality glass, and ergonomics. a big - ass camera body can fit dedicated buttons, dials and joysticks for everything i want direct access to. that's just not possible on smaller cameras in that way ( and also an issue with the smaller, mirrorless ff cameras that are all the rage these days. disadvantages are obviously price, size and weight. for both bodies and lenses.
------
> > there's no backpedaling at all. it's literally what i said. > > i know. and i explained in great detail why it's backpedaling. > > there's no such thing as " becoming mainstream " > > you're either " mainstream " or you're not. it's as simple as that. just because a lightbulb can't " almost be on. " the light can only exist in two possible states : on or off. there no way for it to " becoming on " or " becoming off. " > > it'c either in the mainstream or it's not. > > don't get that confused with me saying " it's never going to be mainstream. " that's not what i am here. " becoming mainstream " means possible. don't deny it... > > he's heavily influenced the trend of electric cars becoming mainstream > > you also wrote the entire sentence in past - tense, so that could be part of the problem as well. he indeed influenced the trend. the trend of electric cars becoming mainstream. this trend isn't over yet. it's slowly growing to larger numbers. > > progress doesn't go from 0 to 100 in an instant. > > i didn't say progress. i said mainstream. it's either that or it isn't. progress has dick to do with it. there's no middle ground to the word " mainstream. " if there were, it would defeat the entire purpose for the word to even exist. so, let's for a second pretend it's not possible to " become mainstream ", what are you even arguing for? is your entire argument here that you disagree with my usage of the word " mainstream " ( even though my usage was perfectly normal ), or do ye have a point or deeper argument here? > > they are, just like henry said, becoming mainstream. > > you're making assumptions about trends in the future that have yet to be implemented. if you had phrased it as " it's my opinion that in this future, these vehicles will be mainstream " then we wouldn't be having this discussion. when you say " becoming mainstream " it instantly generates a slew of false assumptions. there is a trend. this trend is that the amount of electric cars relative to the amount of non - electric cars has been increasing. this trend will slowly make electric cars mainstream. this trend has been going on for a while now, and may or may not continue in the future. whether it does or not is irrelevant for the accuracy of that sentence. if your company is moving from - 2 % loss a month up to - 0. 5 % loss a month, you are, as a company, slowly becoming profitable. this is a perfectly reasonable sentence, and a very common usage of these terms. i'm shocked anyone is bothered by my usage here. > > at least 50 % of the car commercials i see are about electric or hybrid cars. > > marketing campaigns to sell more cars is now the sole quantifier of mainstream products? - gives an argument of a real world scenario that could indicate that my trend is a reality outside of just statistics as well. - other person immediately assumes that's the sole reason. fuck off. you've seen the statistics, you've seen the growing trend of electric cars, what are you even arguing against. you know this trend is real. > shit, nintendo put < cur > 50 million into marketing rob the robot for the nes, why isn't that mainstream? ^ / s > > > we're definitely moving forward. you can't deny this. > > moving forward = / = mainstream. my god, you're really stuck with my usage of this word huh? becoming more common = = moving forward ( in this context ) = = becoming more mainstream. > also, moving forward = / = elon musk. what does he have to do with this now? are you trying to deny that he had done anything to move the world forward in fields such as space exploration, colonisation of planets, electric cars, solar power, etc?
------
okay i'll try and be thorough. there are realistically 3 variables that affect how fatiguing something is and how hard it is to recover from. these are intensity, volume, frequency. intensity is often referred to as a higher percentage, but a rep at 80 % is actually less intense for the body than a set of 5 at 75 %. it's therefore more productive to think about intensity in an rpe - like way, or rir ( reps in reserve ). using this scale, something is an rpe - 10 if you can have done no more reps, 9 if all could also been one more, 8 if 2 more, etc. nothing's subjective and takes a bit of practice, but is a good way to autoregulate intensity. the autoregulation is needed because throughout a training cycle you accumulate fatigue which makes the next sessions harder, for example when on monday may have been rpe - 8, but on friday is rpe10 because you haven't recovered. this is worsened on a cut because the reduced calories means you can recover less. volume is used to describe either total number of sets, or total number of reps depending on your philosophy ( evidence is beginning to show that * hard * * sets - above rpe7 are roughly equal in causing hypertrophy between say 9 - 20 reps, so total reps is a useful measure but only if under 6 reps. looking at volume, you need a certain amount to maintain muscle at any point. if your in a bulk this level is lower, for example your quads may need 8 sets per week to maintain their current muscle tissue. if you are in a cut, however, this number goes up, so you may need 12 sets now. frequency is simply the number of times a week we do a lift or a type of movement " eg. bench, or'horizontal push'). frequency some small effects, but effectively is to allow you to get more volume in. eg. most find it easier to do 3 pairs of 10 each different days than do 9 sets of 15 one day a week, and it's likely easier to recover from. in a practical sense, your body recovers better from volume than it does from intensity, so within a cut pushing to 10 / 10 will be for the most part too fatiguing. this instead means the stimulus we give to our body to say " please retain that muscle i need it! " while on a cut is by upping the volume and keeping rpe between 6 and 8. now we run into the problem of that volume being too much for one session, as if you imagine trying to do a full weeks training in 1 - 2 sessions it would take forever and you'd be absolutely dead. by increasing the amount of times a week we train, and spreading the volume across those days with a higher frequency, each session is easier to recover from. this means in a cut, for most, shorter sessions with lower intensity and more volume spread out over different sessions is a good way to retain muscle tissue, and the strength will come back later.
------
>someone like you calling me a pussy is hilarious. your little broken bone story? i experience that level of pain a couple times a week at least. sometimes over and over again as if a leg i no longer have is being broken back and forth. i know pain more than you can ever understand, and i do what i can to help make sure as few people gain that understanding as possible. even hateful ignorant people like you.
yeah but unlike you, i don't go around telling everyone how my life is full of pain and how i deserve their tears because of it. get a grip.
>i know how to take care of myself dipshit. i even learned how to do it without my legs and under the pain i suffer. i don't even take meds for it because a sharp mind is more important to me. if everything goes to shit, i also have food growing, and i know enough about various trades that me and my daughter can survive.
you know how to take care of yourself except anywhere that counts. keep licking them government boots dipshit.
>if surviving is all you ever intend to do, then feel free to stay in your fucking woods and never come out again. i happen to like living in a society amongst others. if you want a properly functioning society, you're going to need a government. if you want the government to have any ability to do it's job, you're going to have to pay taxes and follow the social contract.
ah yes because the house i built and the money i've earned don't belong to me. don't project the fact that just because you can't function without someone holding your hand that the rest of us need the same thing. and no, i'm not going to pay any more taxes than i absolutely must in order to keep the dipshit bean counters out of my hair.
>shit isn't perfect and our current administration is a big glaring neon sign to that truth, but i still choose to stay within society and work towards making it better together. i also studied the mechanisms and history of our systems towards that goal. you obviously haven't.
the last 5 administrations are big glaring signs to that truth but w/e. i choose to remove myself as far as possible from society and do work to make my community better. i just don't need the government to hold my hand the entire way or beg that they fuck up other people's lives in the process just because. i might be mean but i'm not petty like so many of "my fellow americans."
>if you aren't just spouting a bunch of bullshit as i suspect, you're where you belong, out of the way. i would even tell you to quit any job you have, sell or give away any property, and vanish into the wilds somewhere to be the suvivor man you think you are. you don't want to be a part of society and society doesn't want to have to deal with people like you. win win.
i already live in the wilds, and have actively stopped trying to be apart of your "society" because your "society" is corrupt and malignant to the core. i've already gone out of my way to stay out of your way and now you demand i give up everything i've worked for because i'm not paying into your society? ha!
make. me.
------
i wasn't sure where else to post about this situation. i occasionally browse through this sub and see other men post and i think the subject matter is relevant enough. honestly, i just want to vent about it. it's a very recent event and one that was pretty traumatic. for me at least... so here goes.
i'd been dating a girl, we'll call her cheyenne, for 4 years (together since we were seniors in high school). lived together for 2. we've had problems like every couple, but we've always worked through them. cheyenne has some mental issues that she has dealt with since she was young. anxiety, depression, and anger management problems. the latter issue was very straining on us. whenever we got in fights, she would resort to screaming, verbal abuse, and, occasionally, physical violence. i've been punched, shoved, and had things thrown at me on multiple occasions. i'd never spoken up about it before due to embarrassment. despite everything, we still loved each other. she went to therapy and went on meds to help reconcile the issues we had. things were good for time.
this past may, cheyenne got extremely sick and got diagnosed with celiacs disease. she was in and out of hospitals for weeks. i was there with her the whole time caring and supporting her. she stopped taking her meds due to being so sick and never got back on them. problems arose once more. after she got better, we moved into a house with my brother (renting). things escalated rather quickly between cheyenne and i. constant fighting and overall tension in the house. eventually, we decided to take a "break", focus on ourselves, but continue working on us.
she planned a weekend with her cousin to go to chicago. didn't think much of it for she visits chicago with her family every year. the sunday she came home, she told me she had actually stayed in new york and stayed with a guy she was with before we got together. at that point, i felt extremely betrayed and ended things with her. we lived together, cordially, for a few months, but things gradually became worse and worse. i wont get into details, but things came to head this past weekend. she finally moved out (quit her job to move in with the guy she cheated on me with in ny, while also attempting to break our lease). we had been arguing about what was hers and what was mine in the house as she was moving out. things escalated so badly that she attempted to steal my laptop for school and a few of my guitars. she was stomping around the house, swearing and screaming, all while her family, my brother, and myself were in the house. she was erratic. her dad finally intervened and told her to stop what she was doing.
cheyenne finally snapped and punched me, as hard as she could, in the neck, in front of everybody.
i was utterly shocked and heartbroken. my brother screamed and got in between us. her parents scrambled, extremely disappointed, trying to deescalate the situation. my brother threatened to call the police. he was screaming, i was screaming, her parents were screaming. it was total pandemonium. they were begging us not to call the police. her dad even resorted to saying something along the lines of, "you're really going to call the cops because a girl hit you?". it was extremely painful hearing him say that. someone i considered a father-in-law. i told my brother to just forget it. we talked and everything calmed down slightly. they left and everything was quiet.
my brother and i talked about it for a bit. after a lot of careful consideration, or at least i hope, i went to the police station and reported her. it was very hard and extremely embarrassing... the officer i reported the incident to looked at me as if i was joking. he was completely shocked that i came to the police about this. he asked me if i was just trying to get revenge and if i wasn't going to ever see her again, why did i even bother reporting this? i was in complete shock. i told him i was just trying to do the right thing. he said something along the lines of, "well now this poor girl won't be able to get a job. congratulations". i started crying and made a fool of myself right there in the station. he wrote up the report, told me an investigator would get in contact with me, and i left completely shaken, heartbroken, and regretful.
did i do the right thing? was i wrong about everything? should i have just let this go? is sexism to blame for the regret i'm feeling?
i don't know.
thanks for reading if you did.
edit:
wow. i just got home from work and never expected this many responses if any. thank you all so much for your kind words and affirmation. i'm almost overwhelmed with how much feedback i've been given. and thank you for those you gave me the more "unpopular" opinions. it honestly gives me some good perspective.
i'd be doing you all a disservice if i didn't clear up some details about this whole situation and i hope this doesn't indicate that i'm justifying cheyenne's actions. here goes.
i am by no means a perfect person nor was i perfect boyfriend. i had done my fair share of hurtful things towards cheyenne, as many couples do whether they intended to do so or not. now, i have never physically hurt her nor have i verbally degraded her character or feelings. i, however, am guilty of neglect.
a little over a year ago, i got admitted into a very prestigious school. i worked really hard to get into a program at this particular school and have worked my ass off since i started. inevitably, most of my time and effort became devoted to my work. it was and still is my passion and something i'm proud of pursuing. however, i became blinded by ambition to pursue a career in something i care about to a fault. i couldn't and wouldn't give cheyenne the attention and care she needed. do i think she expected too much sometimes? maybe. but i think at that point i should've ended things before things could get the way they are now, but i was insecure, selfish, and i couldn't imagine my life without her.
to many people in our lives (our families and friends. even strangers and acquaintances) we were the "all american couple". we're both young, attractive, young adults with dreams and aspirations who supported each other. or so we thought. behind all the romanticism that people conjured up about us, was a seriously dysfunctional relationship and one i hope i can learn from. i'm not exactly sure why i'm saying any of this, but it's there for you to decipher i guess. let me know what you come up with because i sure as hell don't know what this means.
i actually received a call from an investigator while i was at work, so i'll be calling her back tomorrow after class. i'll try to keep you updated as best i can, but i have a lot of work to do in preparation for my co-op. thanks again to everyone who spared time to read my post. means a lot.
cheers.
------
i'm not the dude you were replying to, but i'll give my point of view.
i think viewing violence by weapon is rather useless to begin with. "gun violence" tells us what exactly? 33,000 deaths to gun violence a year doesn't mean much when it's a lump sum of accidents, homicides, and suicides. it's a rather useless statistic unless you only want to eliminate gun violence, and don't really care if it becomes another type of violence or not afterwards. and i'd say the same if you replaced it with any other weapon: knife, bomb, whatever.
to me lumping all that into gun violence just sounds like an excuse (i don't think it's a conscious decision on most peoples part) to give an easy solution that seems logical. all gun violence involves a gun, so without guns there can't be gun violence. it's a good solution if you stop there, but the important question is what happens next?
i don't think there's any single issue this starts at, and unfortunately it'll need a lot more research into the different topics to really start making an impact, but i think the best option is to split the different acts of violence up and tackle each separately. we need more research on leading causes of suicide, and then tackle was to reduce it. research on leading causes of gang violence, and then tackle was to reduce that. domestic violence, is another one. mass murder needs more research as a whole instead of mass shootings specifically.
there's more ways we could split it up further and continue to tackle individually, and i think that will be our best solution to finding a true answer. some of them have some more obvious solutions that'll at least help in each area, like better mental healthcare including better access to help reduce suicides, ending the war on drugs and creating safer access and options for recovery in order to reduce drug related gang activity. one of the biggest factors that drive murder rates is income inequality (more so than access to guns), so working to give people a better chance of success out of school, as well as working towards more livable wages so people don't end up turning towards a life of crime that can lead to homicides. and with more research we could find many more solutions to these different types of crimes.
i want to see this insane focus on guns come to an end. not because i want to pretend it's not the problem and sweep it under the rug, but because i want us to look at the bigger picture and look towards that. i don't think gun control will be the best solution when looked at from that perspective, but if there's good research from the mindset of trying to prevent the people from wanting to kill themselves or others to begin with, and it's shown guns play a significant part in leading to that than i'll accept gun control as at least part of the solution.
i think in the long run it'd save more lives than gun control, also saving the lives of would be murderers, and in some ways improving the lives of millions of americans whether they would have been on either end of the violence or not. i think it's a more rational way to view the problem and research solutions that will either give better proof that guns are the problem and gun control is the solution, find a mixture of gun control and other changes as the best solution, or find no further gun control as the answer and just focus on other solutions. i think it'll give us better answers than how we've currently been going about everything, which is a win in my book no matter the results of the research.
that's just my two cents on the topic.
------
>i have been trying to figure out what the appeal of trump is to his supporters.
one reason you struggle is that you would likely disagree with any republican president policies, he makes an easy target.
but don't be a stupid as some progressives and think stupidity is in play with most of the support he gets.
**trump supporters and supporters of many of trump's policies are two very different things. the % of the gop that like trump the person is very small. the percent that like his policies, huge**.
if trump gets two or three sc appoints through that are remarkably different than h.clinton would have appointed, then i can hold my nose, puke occasionally and say it was good.
if he can reduce the mass inflow of illegal immigrants that allows shortages in labor to drive up lower level incomes, then i can say, he is a buffoon, but with a democrat, the illegal immigration and income gap would continue to grow.
if he is finally the president that forces china to open up their markets to the same degree ours are opened to them, i say it took a crazy person to make that happen. (i notice when we put a 15-25% tariff on some products, china responds with 40% tariffs, because they were already at 25% to begin, to get a 15% increase they have to move to 40%).that has to stop. forced technology transfer has to stop. hillary, nor jeb bush would have pushed this hard for fair trade. i and the gop love free trade, it does not exist equally today.
the tax reform bill was very important, not perfect, it may need to be adjusted to get revenues higher, but i am happy with the bill. trump did nothing but sign it, but hillary would not have signed it,
i want the us military to stop being the world's police. if clinton or a republican was elected would isis still hold territory? probably we would still be as deep in that as we were when obama left. i want to stop being the guys that stand between russia and europe, we can be in nato from bases in america. i want south korea to figure out how to defend (conventionally) their self against their much smaller and poorer neighbor without american troops. (we can remain their nuclear umbrella)that idea seems foreign to our traditional politicians.
trump is a buffoon. an idiot. morally bankrupt as a family guy. a liar. thank god there are traditional republicans on his staff to temper his stupidity.
i can't wait until he is no longer the president, but only because of his character and his divisive statements. i am a 30 year republican but didn't vote for him or hillary in 2016, but i am not disappointed in his policy direction.
------
i said two things the dslr is better at than the phone, over time : zoom and long exposure. and you give me a simple example. i wonder if you even read those posts and the justification for my statement. i repeat. a new < cur > camera is worse at everyday photography than a pixel 2 if it's not in those two categories or if you use advanced techniques ( that i mentioned above ). techniques that will cost you time and money ( lightroom and photoshop ain't free ). i actually was talking a better camera than you mentioned. the t6 does 3 ( 3! ) fps of burst with a 18mp sensor and an av processor several generations behind. this also includes a crappy autofocus ( no dual pixel in sight ). this camera is, for sure, worse than a pixel or iphone. my mentions were about the sl2, that is a capable body with a good sensor and image processor and that even has dual pixe for video ( even if not 4k ). and the same 18 55 in every camera brings. i actually used this camera myself, so i know first hand the limitations. it rocks if you get a good lens for it. not so much if you don't ( especially if the 18 55 is not the stm one ). i'm not going to argue with you, it's fine by me if you'd rather have the t6 than the iphone or pixel 2 with you in most situations. but next time you try to get birds in flight ( i did ) and shoot a kid blowing candles in his birthday ( they did ) or shoot sunsets with loads of foreground subjects ( i did ) with your 18 - 34, remember to use your phone as a backup. i'm talking from my own experience.... and... discard video?! what are you on about. the first steps of your kid should not be captured? sigh. and lastly. the best camera is the one you have with you. i own an iphone 8 + and a sony a7iii and half my photos are iphone photos. the kit is sitting at home most days, and many moments happen when the phone is all you have. ps : the canon 500mm lens costs approximately 9000 < cur >. i'm going to assume you were talking about the cheap chinese alternatives. please don't even mention them. they produce blur and flare, not images, unless you are in optimal perfect conditions. and even the they have zero sharpness. pps : the canon 75 - 300 is not stabilized. there is a reason it is cheap. it will beat a phone with no zoom, but it's severely limited. on aps - c that's a 450mm zoom with no stabilizer. unless you own a 300 < cur > very stable tripod and are shooting still subjects, get the 55 250 instead. sigh. just stop. photography is my hobby. so are phones. i buy most new phones and i've had several cameras over the years. i don't shoot as much as i'd like to, but i keep informed about both. and by the way. don't buy or recommend the t6 to anyone but an absolute beginner that wants to see if dslrs are his thing. that camera will be a limitation sooner rather than later, and then he'll be spending more money for an sl2 or even an 80d.
------
the viewers can see it due to illustration purposes. elemental chakra can be visualized because it's converted into an element. chidori in pt. 1, was considered the only technique in which chakra is visible because it's too concentrated and turned solid. plus, about the design part, it still doesn't click tbh. if that's the case, then that'd mean sasuke doesn't have absolute control over his susano'ou's shape ; inspite of being the creator despite it being his own chakra. add that to the fact, that he's a master of shape - manipulation, yet he can't mold the chakra as per his desires - not to mention if that was possible - his susano'o would've more than 4 arms, and can increase the number of arms as per his wish, thus 4 arms are the maximum number he can create at the moment, which doesn't make sense if it's a chakra construct - as that'd go against everything we know in regards to spatial manipulation and chakra and sasuke's mastery over it. not to mention i wouldn't trust the unofficial translations or the wiki, since they are bound to have errors and 90 % of the original japanese meaning is lost upon translation. so, for a certain point ; trusting personal observations would be better. and, to address your physical energy point - chakra is a separation in physical and mental energies ; but none of these are equatable to life - force, as it's specifically picked apart by the author and differentiated - as the tokugawa clan is renowned for gargantuan amounts of lifeforce. senju clan holds high amounts of life energy according to the databook so there's that. a clear differentiation. since sasuke said all the cells in his body hurts, i'd assume the susano'o consumed his life energy. and, there's the fact that it's summoned from an another dimension, so this requires the life energy of the castor to sustain itself in the real world. also i don't think storing chakra in one's own physique like a container makes it chakra itself, in fact. we've have the fact, that gedo mazo is a chakra storing container, yet it isn't made of chakra. plus, the jugo example cements the fact - the shape and designs of it's weapons and on it's body has to do with it being not chakra ; as when it took in jyuugo's chakra - it manifested the same facial features and bodily markings - juugo manifests - when he activates sage transformation. about the it filtering chakra ; what happened was a whole different scenario than what is assumed actually. the moon's light that was used, is a special kind of light as it can penetrate through even shadows - and, the " shadows " being a reference to otherwordly dimensions and by extension - the summoned entities. susano'o an otherwordly creature, alone wasn't enough to block the light, which is why sasuke claimed that he ramped up his susano'o with his rinnegan, which is special unlike other versions, due to it closely resembling the rinne - sharingan, and the power of his rikudo enhanced susanoo and the tomoe rinnegan combined together ; blocked the light. kyuubi's chakra isn't of the generic type - as we've seen, that recieving this chakra greatly boosts a techniques'power and a character's overall power i. e ; all the stats - and the yang energy residing in naruto's cloak, reacted to existing mokuton and made it sprout trees. and, in pt. 1, i believe it was stated that the nine - tails were a'spirit'that appeared in locations, which were filled with malice. so, even going by it's " chakra - storing " ability ; it is still rooted in the fact that it interacts with spiritual entities and thier chakras.
------
ehh, it's really hard to compare as vanilla was very different from every other expansion. it would be far easier to compare tbc than vanilla. i think you misunderstand what i'm after and i'll try to differentiate it from what you said.
i want the ability to get gear from pvp, not from having to do pve if we don't enjoy it. forcing a pve player to do pvp to gear would be absolutely unacceptable, so it's silly that the other way around is so common place. let me get gear by doing the content i enjoy without forcing me to do the content that i don't. just like you did from tbc through wod.
i want the ability to target a specific piece of gear that i need (legs, gloves, etc.) instead of getting twelve chest pieces while i'm still stuck with my ilvl 280 green legs and having 345+ in every other slot. if i do pve i can farm an instance that drops legs. but that's impossible in pvp.
i want the ability to target specific stats that my spec needs. some classes/specs need crit and not haste. if i need those in pve, i can target a specific drop from a specific boss in pve, but i can't do that in pvp.
the removal of this bullshit rng. i can put in so much play time but i can get fucked by never getting pants. hell, sometimes rng is so bad i don't even get anything for ages. even if a boss has a 10% drop chance on those legs that i want with the exact stats i desire, i should get it after about 10 runs. even if i have bad luck and it takes twice as long, that's around 20 runs. eventually i will get it. but i can spend 50x as much time with pvp and still never get those legs. and even if i eventually do get lucky and finally i get some legs. well fuck, they're stats that are useless for my class/spec.
i want the ability to guarantee progression. i'm not asking for a handout. i'm willing to put the work in. i'm willing to earn it. i'm willing to farm. but at least guarantee that i progress by earning honor so eventually i can buy it. just like we had with badges of justice and other currencies. you were always making progress so eventually you could get something for your efforts. just like above, eventually i will get the drop i want off of that boss, or i can use a currency to get something. no such thing exists like that for pvp. i want them to bring honor back.
also, the idea that we want casual battleground gear to be "good" isn't that we want it to be great. i just want it to be like it was in wod. entry level gear that i could farm in order to begin doing arenas, where i would earn my actual good gear from. i'm not asking for mythic+ level gear. i want to be able to farm the gear that you use before you get into the big boy stuff, just like you farm heroics before you jump into mythics.
as for vanilla, that was a different game. not everyone even made it to max level, and of the people who were max level, greens were the average gear worn by most players with blues being above average and what you would use in raids. even people with epic gear would still be covered in blues. epics actually reflected their name and were truly epic, being far less common. nowadays you will be in full epics before you even step foot into a raid. on top of this, raids were 40 man and dropped much less gear per kill. so 40 people competing for less than 5 pieces of gear. there were only 9 classes and only 8 available to a faction (so an even higher % of people who are the same class as you than today), and no personal loot. so you would have to hope that one of the very few pieces that dropped was for your armour type, and then compete against multiple people for it. it was normal to get one item upgrade a month. some guilds even downed chromaggus 25-30 times before seeing the judgment shoulders drop. so with gearing being so much harder in pve, it made sense that it was so much harder in pvp back then too. so you can't compare vanilla pve to modern pvp, since even vanilla pve is so different from modern pve. and vanilla pvp was so different from modern pvp. that's not comparing apples to oranges, that's comparing apples to cows.
bottom line is, pvp players today need a way to gear through the content that they enjoy, and shouldn't have to gear through pve in order to do pvp. and since gearing is so much easier in pve today, it's unfair to shit on the people who want gearing in pvp today to be somewhat comparable. and finally we (or at least i) don't want free handouts or the best gear. i just want a way to earn and reliably farm specific gear that will be competitive entry level gear so that i can begin the serious content (rated pvp), just like pve players have heroics/mythics to farm their competitive entry level gear to their serious content (mythic+/raids). and i'd be perfectly happy if it took a decent amount of time to farm that gear. if i could farm 340 gear from pvp in equal or even slightly longer amount of time that it took me to farm that gear from normal mythics, i'd be happy.
farming 340 gear from mythics isn't hard and doesn't take long to be fully decked out in 340 very shortly after hitting max level. once i have done that, then i can move on to high key mythic+ and raids. if i could farm 340 gear from pvp, then i can move on to rated battlegrounds and rated arenas. i just want to be able to get that gear from the content i enjoy. even if it takes a little longer. hell, i have 360 and 370 gear from the weekly world quest. i'm not asking for more. i'm not asking for it easier. i'm just asking for the option to get equal stuff, and the ability to actually get it. even if it's harder/longer, just so long as it actually happens and i can work towards it.
------
i posted about this once before somewhere but couldn't find it. for as far back as i can remember i had this amazing girl. we will call her s. s. she was always the light in any room. she was one of those people who were so short of optimism it would make you sick. when she was 9 she was diagnosed with restrictive cardiomyopathy. basically, her heart had become too stiff to pump blood properly. it wasn't long after that she had a heart transplant. we were best friends throughout life and eventually became lovers. she was from a very well placed family from the right side of the tracks and i was her public school bum who couldn't do anything right. nothing of that mattered to us so long as we had each other. eventually though, they did matter. we talked for long term. her going to college, me, well i had no life plans. so i decided the military was what i was going to do and as hard as it was we split things off, knowing that we would find each other again in the future. we didn't lose communication though. we would talk weekly. when i was deployed, she would send me care packages. little letters letting me know i was a good person doing a good thing. books and candies. eventually though, those communications became less personal and more generalized, stock. i found out she had met someone and was would be married soon. being the young spoiled jerk that i was back then, i was enraged. betrayed. i still had a passion for this girl but how could she love another?! i left the military and lost contact with her. i didn't have a home, lived out of my car for about a year or so in a different state from where mom grew up. eventually i made it back to the area. stopped partying so much, found a job and rented an apartment. met a girl, had a daughter. things didn't pan out between me and her mom but we were still good friends and we shared custody of the little one. i never forgot about s. s., i often asked the very few mutual friends we had how she was doing. i learned she was buying a house and adopting a girl. i was so happy for her and yet so envious. deep down though i blamed myself. i could never offer her the lifestyle to live like that. then one day, out of the blue you get a text message from a number i don't know. it was her. and just like that we were best friends again. talking daily. catching up. eventually having lunch together and taking the kids on play dates. one night she calls me in tears. she has been holding out her health issues from me. her body isn't happy with her current heart anymore and she's going through doctor after doctor and nothing is looking promising. she said her husband and her had discussed it and they didn't want to hold one another back from enjoying their time to the fullest. he couldn't handle the hospital trips and regimented health issues any longer. she couldn't handle the lack of passion and spark that was no longer there. they stayed together for her benefit. insurance is a bitch when you have someone else's heart inside of you. we once again became lovers. it was an emotional roller coaster. there was passion and sparks, we were together non stop. our daughter became best friends. she became best friends with my daughters mother. everything was perfect. until it wasn't. i eventually wanted more than she could offer. i wanted a family. i finally had my own place and an amazing job. i was going to school. i became selfish. i wanted that happily ever after that i knew she couldn't give me. we would argue over it but it was never really an argument. she promised me we would be each other's one day. she just needed to finish some treatments and the full adoption process of her little girl ( this was drawn out over years for reasons that make perfect sense if you know the story ) eventually i thought i couldn't take it any more. i wanted a family and i wanted it now. so i made the biggest mistake of my life and i left the girl who i loved more than anything in this world. we were both devastated but i wouldn't budge. it's all mine or not mine at all. we didn't speak any more. i would hear about how she was doing from my daughters mother, the only one who knew we were lovers to begin with. she knew how broken i was over everything and other than once telling me i was a moron, stayed out of it. time passed and i always wanted to reach out but i was too stubborn to do so. and then i got a call from her one night. she told me she was in the hospital for a treatment and she was thinking about me. she said she had plans and we would have each other again soon, if i would still love her. we talked for hours that night into the early morning. we made plans to take the kids on vacation together. talked about our dream homes, everything. then she had to go. they were taking her to another hospital to try a new treatment. she would call me that night. my phone never rang. it didn't ring for three days. and then it did. she had passed shortly after i talked to her last. she knew it was coming but used me as an escape from reality for a few hours of happiness. this was several years ago. i've since married and had another little girl. my wife knows this story, and we have a picture of s. s. hanging in my house. i miss her often and cry more than i would admit. i was so selfish and wasted so much time when i had something so beautiful and amazing so close to me. she was always understanding and never got upset with me for my decisions which makes it harder. if she had only yelled at me once or fought me over my stupid feelings. but no, not s. s. she cared more about my feelings than her own.
------
the multiple times you have to say " and you know it " are just admissions that the case you're making is not objective and not one you can prove, therefore, one which you have no more entitlement to have than somebody who has the opposite view. > delaying is treating the accusations as fact. any and all times that congress exercises its power to do more than be a rubber stamp for the president is a delay. delays cannot be conflated to any dysfunction or bias. they are a normal step in the process for anybody trying to rationally and faithfully do their job. > innicent before proven guilty. 1. even in criminal context where that statement actually applies, " innocent until proven guilty " does not mean " don't investigate " or " don't ask questions " or " wrap it up as quickly as possible ". the capacity for any 911 call to ever be responded to comes from the idea that even if we presume somebody innocent, we're still allowed to ask them questions, ask others questions, collect evidence, perform investigations, etc. asking to " hear more " about the allegations is entirely within the bounds of what " innocent until proven guilty " means. we can presume that everybody is innocent, while not burying out head in the water and actually trying to find out a more confident or accurate picture of things. 1. job interviews, like almost all context in the us and which is essentially what this is, generally work the opposite of " innocent until proven guilty " which only really applies to criminal events. in a job interview, you ideally put the burden on the candidate to convince you that they are qualified, have decent training, have the right experience, etc. rather than assuming the best for them. in the typically republican accepted view that you aren't entitled to a job and have to convince the employer to choose to give it to somebody, it's logical for the employer to " price in " uncertainties about you as a risk burden that may or may not play out because they ultimately have total choice of whether to hire rather than some obligation to treat you like a stranger. if two candidates are great, but one has some downside that may or may not be true, they're going to pick the other because they have no obligation to your candidate, they're just picking the one that maximizes their future and so they'll choose the one with minimal " risk " for all the hypotheticals. in this sense, the us has a list of vetted, qualified, conservative candidates and, if kavanaugh doesn't stand up to scrutiny and we have more doubt about him than others, it's no loss to us to look at the many other conservative candidates. embracing scrutiny is how he can show people that he is confident that no such evidence will appear. > the proxy that's going on is that democrats are concerned that kavanaugh might actually be able to read the words on the paper when he looks at the constitution, and they don't want that if this were the concern, it'd be no loss to republicans to choose a less controversial name off of the list of vetted conservative candidates trump was given to pick from. recall, the first one to advise against picking kavanaugh was mcconnell. republicans knew this would be a harder one to get through and chose him anyways. the choice isn't " kavanaugh or no conservative justice ", it's " kavanaugh or one of the many other conservative justices ". > but they've got no argument, so they've manufactured this completely bogus sex scandal to use as an ad hominem. " ad hominem " is when you explain faults in the person and the reason its generally bad is because of the assumption that the faults of the person are off topic to the argument at hand. in this case that's not true, so ad hominems are not logical fallacies and are instead... the whole point of confirmation hearings. confirmation hearings are ad hominem by definition, so all arguments that will lead to not confirming a person are too. > guess which party made it that way. i'll give you a hint : it wasn't trump's party. > > no. it shouldn't be totally normal that a position of such immense power is appointed for life. > > that is a situation democrats and leftist justices created, in stark contrast against what the constitution actually says, since it had the tenth amendment to strictly limit what the court can do. regardless of your tenuous tangent about why they have power and are appointed for life... regardless of your tenuous tangent about whether they should be... i'm trying to talk about reality... where those are the facts of the day. when those things are true, it makes sense to deeply, scrutinize candidates and be very particular about who we select. > no. grave criminal charges coming out from decades ago only when someone becomes a supreme court nominee are by definition fraudulent. please cite the dictionary that has that definition. > short of violence, this move is dirty politics at it's worst. this should have been a non - story but anti - information people like you who oppose any attempt to look into anything or ask any questions make everybody look guilty.
------
well then. birds are dinosaurs, so everything we know about birds falls under the purview of your question. however, for extinct forms, we can also make inferences using a technique known as [phylogenetic bracketing](<url>).
dinosaurs are [archosaurs](<url>), the two living representatives of which are crocodylians and birds (see also our [faq on why birds are dinosaurs](<url>)). if there's a character that both groups have, it was likely present in their common ancestor. things like a four chambered heart (which evolved independently from the mammalian heart), [unidirectional airflow in the lungs](<url>), and nest-building/parental care are present in both birds and crocodylians, so they were probably present in their common ancestor. that means extinct dinos likely had those traits or lost them secondarily. we have fossils that confirm these some of inferences, like brooding of nests.
interestingly, we've also recently found that alligators are monogamous over multiple mating seasons, as are many birds, so that could have implications for how we look at extinct archosaur behavior. alligators will also show nest site fidelity, coming back to the same or nearby areas over multiple nesting seasons. many crocs have [complex mating rituals](<url>) as well, so these also seem to be ancestral to archosaurs.
as far as dinosaur reproduction goes, we've found a lot of similarities between the reproductive tracts in birds and crocs. for example, [alligators and birds form eggshells in similar ways](<url>).
most ["reptiles"](<url>) have [hemipenes](<url>), which are paired copulatory organs that are everted for mating. this is not true of archosaurs. most birds have lost their penis, but some retained it (ducks and ratites like ostriches and emus are two examples). i don't know of any fossil dinosaur genitalia, but birds (those that have a phallus) and crocs each have a single phallus rather than the hemipenes of extant lepidosaurs. that's likely what other extinct archosaurs probably had. however, given the range in variation that we see in living birds alone, i'm sure dinosaur genitalia existed in all shapes and sizes.
in short:
- dinosaurs probably ancestrally had penises similar to crocodylians and some birds, but they could have been lost in lineages like they were in many bird groups.
- at least some brooded their nests.
- they probably had mating displays like birds and crocs do.
- some may have been monogamous over multiple mating seasons like many birds and crocs.
[this article](<url>) similarly covers these topics.
------
> why would the information paint the fbi as biased against trump? what if they really were biased, doesn't the public have the right to know?
sure, the public has a right to know if they were biased.
what the public doesn't have the right to know however is that an agent is going in for chemotherapy next week, the names of our spies overseas, the methods by which we tapped the russian's communications between them and trump tower, etc etc etc.
as for painting the fbi as biased, we already saw some texts from several fbi agents that the republicans released out of context, in order to play them off as their being the tip of some huge conspiracy to steal the election for clinton, which was patently absurd given the fbi's actual actions before the election.
also just because an agent does not like trump, and says as much does not automatically mean the agency is biased against him. that would be absurd. shall we allow every convicted criminal to examine the private messages between the arresting officers to determine if they had some bias against the individual when they decided to get a warrant? is "this guy is a real scumbag, and i want to nail him to the wall." something that should enable a felon to escape charges, despite the actual evidence collected against them?
evidence cannot be tainted by bias. all bias does is make an officer more motivated to find criminal activity. i mean, i suppose it could also motivate them to fabricate evidence, but that's a whole other kettle of fish and i highly doubt that these agents would incriminate themselves in their text messages fabricating evidence against trump.
and barring that, trump's whole defense he's going for here is "it's not fair! hillary got away with her criminal activity, so i should too! they shoudn't even have been investigating me in the first place!"
and that ain't much of a defense. ask any five year old that's ever tried to use that defense with mom and see if if got them anywhere!
> if the investigation is legitimate then there is nothing wrong with transparency.
sure, with the exceptions i outlined above where you're releasing information that is highly personal, or could put agents in jeopardy because you are reckless and don't care to have all the info reviewed before releasing it.
and with the exception where said information's release would enable trump to learn what mueller has on him and allow him to tailor his testimony to avoid perjuring himself, thus interfering with his own investigation.
see, if mueller wants to have trump testify under oath, and trump doesn't want to plead the 5th because the mob pleads the 5th, and he knows what mueller is going to ask in advance and what mueller knows, then trump can tailor his responses to avoid perjuring himself, while still lying. so in that case, transparency can be bad. some of this information may be critical to upcoming trial.
and not just for trump. there's no telling how many people are involved here. what if these texts reveal that sessions is also under investigation for talking to the russians? what then? we could have a constitutional crisis of incredible proportions suddenly if we fund out members of congress who have the power to stop the investigation are themselves under investigation.
------
a bit of my shitty story so you can tell me if i am the asshole or not (i'm pretty sure i am but whatever...)
i'm currently 25 years old. almost all of my friends already have a so in their lives, they have a decent job, decent wives, some already married, have all their lifes settled down, have a car, have respect from people around them, they are *succesful people*
now, me? nah, i'm a fucking joke. i still live with my mom, i'm currently have a job which i started this august but i was for the most part of 2018 unnemployed. got fired from my last job for being antissocial and the people on my previous job were all assholes because they simply excluded me from any social interaction, i was literally a fucking ghost in there, no one cared if i was happy or sad or i don't know dammit they didn't care for me at all, those pieces of shit from my previous job can go fuck themselves.
now, i'll tell you about how i was at high school: a fucking joke too. all the girls made fun of me for being a stupid cunt, some guys constantly bullied me, telling me i'm garbage and throwing crumpled paper at me and literally nobody gave a shit, they just saw all this opression happening with me and they wouldn't care less. thinking about it made me realise i truly deserved to be treated like shit in high school. once a piece of shit, always a piece of shit, am i right?
i had 2 girlfriends in my life, one at 21 and other at 23. both of them hate me up to this day. why? i don't know maybe because as the relationship went both of them expect more of me, especially my last ex girlfriend, which broke up with me because i wasn't "men enough". according to her, being "men enough" meant that i should move out of my mom's house, have a decent job to start a family, to provide us our own home, to have money to go on trips, yadda yadda, all that bullshit. and at the time i simply could give all that to her, so she apparently found another guy on her job, which according to her, is "a better man than me". it has been almost 2 years later and she still have me blocked from every social media, blocked my number, she literally tossed me out of her life completely, as if all the 1 year and a half that we were together was a fucking waste of time, like i never meant anything to her. and i guess she's right, since i'm a piece of shit she did the right thing threating me like so.
so there you go. the last thing i could say about me is that, in all these 25 years i lived in a family that forbid me into doing a lot of things: could go out during the night, can't date other girls because my mom is apparently jealous and overprotective of me and i let her do this because you know i'm fucking pathetic to the point that i let other people take over my life, my sister don't even look at me, pretend that i don't exist, my dad is the only one in my family that gives a bit of shit about me but not enough because he has a son with another woman so he's busy with that and i understand, maybe my half-brother has a better chance in being more succesful than me because i'm 25 right now, i'm fat, i'm ugly, i don't have a girlfriend, i don't have a decent job, i don't even own a car! that's why i like to contemplate suicide, because just look at me, i'm just a waste of space man but unfortunately i'm such a big wuss i can't even get the courage to actually kill myself, so here i am, talking shit on the internet because reddit is the only place i can tell all these things. hell, even my psyquiatrist don't give a shit about me, she's just like "nah whatever man just take those pills that makes you happy for a while and get out of my office" i mean jesus man in all my life i didn't accomplish anything, it hurts to see people on the streets with their sos, living their lives in happiness while i am here in this shithole that my life is. i'll never get a so because what girl wants to be with me while there are tons of other guys way more succesful than me? man i wish i had a gun right now, i've heard a bullet in the head is quick and painless but i am not sure. maybe if i can get enough money from my current job i can afford one and finally end it all.
thanks for reading up to this points, i appreciate it. otherwise, fuck you.
------
i think i would take this with less of a grain of salt if they played the same position or at least were the same height, as it stands kd has a massive advantage on kobe in terms of height and position. his skill set and size allows him to regularly matchup with guys that either can stay in front but are too small, or they are big enough but too slow.
kobe was smaller so he had to work it more in terms of being clever. he had to have many more moves and counter moves in his bag because, to be perfectly honest, there were many situations he was put in that the defense had a large advantage (ie 1v3) but he still needed to put the ball in the hoop.
this is partly due to the fact that much of kobe's prime he was playing with a roster akin to the 07 cavs, but arguably worse. durant always had an all star player by his side, for a time more than that. not only this but durant also has always had an all star pg. someone who can take the ball up and initiate offense on their own, and take over the game when needed.
kobe during 05-07 until pau arrived was the lone alpha dog. he had to handle every defensive scheme teams would throw his way largely alone. and yet he still had a better individual scoring season than kd has had yet imo in 06-07. only two players compete with kobe that year and it is mj in 86 and curry in 16. its hard to say who out of those three had the best individual season. curry had amazin stats with very little mpg, kobe had some crazy streaks of 50 and 40 pt games, including an 81 point night. mj was mj, dropping 37 a game for a whole season.
that being said kd doesn't compare to those three seasons yet, his resume in terms of longevity is amazing, but he has also missed considerably more time than kobe had by this time. as well he went to college and came into the league considerably more developed than kobe, and that is also something to take into consideration. i'm not sure if he will last as long as kobe or if he has a legit shot at beating kareems record anymore, esp now that he is with gsw it is unlikely that he averages as many points as he would if he were on a team where he was the lone star or one of two stars (like okc was).
i mean we have trouble saying that kd is better than lebron don't we? i'm confused why talking about kobe changes everything, i'm pretty sure we all know at this point that kobe did a hell of a lot more during a game than just score the ball.
also context is everything. if a team can get a guy open shots all the time, because of team work and he makes them for a whole season, that is something entirely different than a team giving their guy the ball with 5 on the shot clock and the double coming. that is pretty much kobe's situation all the time.
believe me if kobe could be playing 1v1 all day like durant gets to, his efficiency would be through the roof. the only reason it is where it is is largely due to the playstyle he developed from playing on abysmal teams when he was arguably the most skilled player in the league.
i said this in a diff thread, but i'll say it again. as soon as kobe got pau they booked the finals for three straight years. kd? he had to join a 73 win team to book the finals for 2...
------
i'm not offended by what you said here, heroprincess. i'll address some of your points..
you mentioned you had a religious background. was it a christian denomination? what did it involve growing up?
you brought up supposed contradictions in the bible. first, i would say that the 4 gospels are entirely in harmony with each other. two of them were written by eye witnesses, john and matthew. one was written by a historian, luke, who interviewed the eye witnesses. one was written by mark, who was peters disciple. so you have eye witnesses accounts of what jesus said and did, either directly, or from someone who spoke to the eye witnesses.
i am wondering if you've ever read the bible? was there anything from the bible that you enjoyed reading, if so?
you've brought up a lot about the hypocrisy in the catholic church. have you ever heard of the reformation? that's what it was all about. a man named martin luther made many of the same points you did and because of that, christianity broke free from the tyranny of the catholic church and bibles were printed in the languages of the common people. i am not surprised about the corruption of the catholic church because they teach and do many things contrary to what jesus taught us to do. therefore they do not represent christ as a church because they are basically apostate from biblical christianity.
you said you think that atheists and non-believers are better people because they are sincerely kind rather than christians who only are kind to please god. that's an atheist talking point, to be sure, but it hasn't translated into much action, has it? in christianity, love is an action word. it isnt just something you say; it's something you do. you couldn't calculate the amount of good christians have done in the world, like building schools, hospitals, helping and training the poor, increasingly literacy, etc. i don't see many atheists doing anything like that. christians are way more generous than secular people, giving even to secular charities at a higher rate. they're also better tippers, averaging 20 percent.
james put it this way:
james 2:14-17
14 what does it profit, my brethren, if someone says he has faith but does not have works? can faith save him? 15 if a brother or sister is naked and destitute of daily food, 16 and one of you says to them, "depart in peace, be warmed and filled," but you do not give them the things which are needed for the body, what does it profit? 17 thus also faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead.
you prove your love by what you do, not by what you say. so while you may claim that all christians are just hypocrites with impure motives, i would say there is quite a bit of evidence that isn't true.
speaking for myself, when you know god and are loved by him, it totally changes you. it's not that i do loving things for others because god wants me to, but because god has changed my heart and given me sincere love for them. i want to help others because i care about them, not because i am getting something out of it. i see many of my christian brothers and sisters sincerely laboring for people, helping them when no one is looking, praying for them when they are sick, comforting them when they are hurting.
christianity isn't a free pass for sinning, either. there are many warnings in scripture which say that if you live in sin, you will be cut off. god gives us grace but not that we can take advantage of it and live however we want. there are plenty of cultural christians who don't know the lord and put a stamp of christianity on everything they do, but they haven't been changed. this is because they aren't saved.
let me ask you a question. do you think you're a good person? if so, why?
------
> black death.
well, only god knows the whole truth, and it is likely a combination of both human activity and divine providence. as a believer, i know that god is often hardest on his own believers, like a father is harder on his own children. his goal is to keep people humble and grateful to be alive. the proud and arrogant are not ready for heaven. those who have been given the truth bear a greater obligation.
> islam is not some transcedant evil, why would it otherwise keep christians around
i understand that is your opinion, but the pattern of 1400 years from mohammed to isis is very clear to me. the greatest evils come cloaked in goodness. wolves in sheeps clothing. christians were used and abused as islamic slaves since the beginning of islam. mohammed's favorite sex slave was a coptic chrisitian named mary. islam is parasitic and is not prone to produce things. saudi arabia laments this today. despite all their gifts of oil, they have to import everything.
> nothing was secular.
that's a broad brush fallacy. the church itself had no civil workers or authority. they were like the judicial branch of that time. the monarchs were the civil authority. they sought the church's blessing, but had no chain of authority.
> china university
citation please.
> roads of rome.
i know this is a lot to take, but as a believer now, i see this as divine providence. god inspired the greeks to lay an intellectual foundation of reason, and the romans to lay roads. this set the stage for christ to arrive. both were unprecedented and amazing events of history. the greeks also laid linguistic and logical infrastructure all the way to india (i.e. alexander the great). god avoids interfering in free will, but he does provide gifts and abilities to people, while steering mankind's evil to suit a greater purpose. he managed to do it subtly under the nose of the enemy satan, who has been the prince of this world.
the catholic church in rome was prophecized in 2nd book of daniel around 500 bc. that prophet said that the 4th empire that ruled over the jews would become the enduring seat of god's kingom on earth. the first 3 empires were the babylonians, persians and greeks. the 4th was the roman empire. it crucified christ, so as predicted, it crumbled under the rock of god (peter). it took about 300 years, but the church turned the roman empire upside-down with love and charity.
> genocide of everybody.
it looks like you've imbibed the propoganda hook line and sinker. there are more descendants of aztecs today then there would have been without the spanish. cortez allied with the surrounding tribes to defeat their demonic leaders. do you think he could do that all by himself from ships after travelling around the world? he was a great hero, leader and liberator. war is messy, and there were some spanish war criminals, but those cases are minuscule compared to the demonic culture that the aztecs were running for centuries.
------
so, i have this so far < url > i do have a case from an early computer that my dad built for me a long time ago and i " helped ", ( i plugged a few things in with guidance, he did the hard stuff ) i'll post a bit in comments of the case as i'm on mobile and can only seem to do text or pictures. i also have an old psu, i feel this is it, will it work with my build? i checked and i think it will, i just want to be sure. < url > i also can get windows 10 education and microsoft office through my university. i also have an old shitty keyboard, keyboard, and monitor. oh, and a pile of old computer fans. why i chose the motherboard i did even though i could have gone cheaper, was i would be planning on upgrading it piece by piece to this : < url > and with that, i would plan to get a second monitor eventually, add more ram, add a large mechanical drive, and possibly another 1080 along the way. so that explains the large power supply. why not pay a few bucks more so you don't have to buy it again when you upgrade? so i'd like feedback on my plan, i'm open to suggestions. i'm uncertain if that is the best motherboard for me, and i'd like to see what people think about the monitor, i do plan on getting a second one. i'm also not sure if i'm sold on high framerate or high resolution. i dont think i want to pay to have both, but you may surprise me. the keyboard is now a placeholder so i get a mechanical switch sampler and decide what i like, i know i want it to be backlit and not red / orange / purple / yellow. and the mouse is what i think might be nice, but you may be something out there cheaper that works just as well. oh, what odds and ends will i need besides a screwdriver and maybe something for cable management? will i need a sata cable for my ssd? any other cables or parts? edit : oh, and the super buget build is no graphics editor and use integrated graphics from the mobo, and use the old dvd / cd drive from before instead of the blu - ray / dvd / cd drive, and just use it for web use and school . oh, and i plan on using this computer for school and gaming, so i'll be doing web, watching movies, using programs like matlab and eagle and autodesk, as well games. i'm not sure what games i will play yet, but i would like to be able to play fallout 76 and previous games, and have kerbal space and cities skylines. my current pc is a hp laptop that is 6 years old with an i3 with integrated graphics, and upgraded to 8 gb of ram. no gaming besides occasionally playing halo ce online and it gets toasty doing just that. currently just have an xbox one for gaming but i'd like to be a pc gamer, but i want to do it right.
------
>okay, i thought i was done but this was actually illuminating, so i don't think we've yet hit the impasse which i originally perceived.
i'm enjoying this. nice.
>here's caltech theoretical physicist sean carroll with a long but fascinating talk on this and other related subjects.
i really like sean carroll. haven't heard this talk before, but i know him from many other places. thanks, this was inspiring. but i still have some issues with that regarding this topic. i know carroll does not like metaphysics, but this important.
first causality could be still fundamental. we could still say, laws of physics aren't fundemantal but emergent out of the behavior of the fundamental particles or wave functions and whatever. we could still say that particles cause each other to behave in a way and we describe it as a law.
the other way, which i find very intriguing, says that our particles just behave according to the laws of physics. they don't cause each other. we cannot find any direction of causality. they just act in that way, because of the laws of physics. but there's still in elephant in the room. in that view, the laws of physics cause the particles to behave in a certain way. you still have causality. causality is still fundamental.
and although this is not the point of the debate, i'd like to add, that this is also a pretty good argument for the existence of god. the laws of physic are everywhere in the universe (omnipresent), outside of time and space, the control every particle in the universe (omnipotent) and there are some good arguments that they are finely-tuned (intentional). just wanted to put that out there.
but back to the actual point. you still have fundamental causality. you cannot escape that, because the very act of explaining requires causes. this is what science does, just as our everyday thought.
>do you not believe that an objective reality really exists within which people may interact?
this was not about what i believe. i just wanted to show that you can have a worldview, which is not contradicted by your thought experiment in any way, that still allows free will. and i think there are many idealist worldviews that would do that. the pragmatist one, that i showed you, has almost no axioms. and it is completely compatable with science and also everyday life. but also with religion and spirituality. this is not exactly what i would belief. i personally belief in an objective reality. but still i'm an idealist. i don't think that matter, time or anything could exist outside of consciousness. because no one has ever experienced or seen that.
>the moment you acknowledge the necessity of acting as though objective reality exists, you validate the axioms of the thought experiment. the thought experiment is not contingent on consciousness emerging from matter. it is only contingent on a shared, objective context which we can empirically observe. it seems to me that even idealism acknowledges this shared context, unless you want to devolve into a vegetative state of solipsistic inaction.
the described worldview does not see objective reality as a necessity, but as helpful. it might be helpful, sometimes to assume not a completly objective reality. (which you could give other good arguments for, because every analysis of reality is filtered through meaningful interpretation. but this is another topic.)
and still your thought experiment fails at option 3. you don't have to subscribe to probabalism or pure randomness. you could still have selfdetermined things, that appear from the outside as probabilistic or random. i have not yet seen where you have proven that this cannot be the case.
when you try to describe everything with laws, of course you cannot have free will. free is the opposite of law. free will is something that by definition cannot be further explained or examined. but is it impossible for something to exist, that we can only broadly understand and never examine? that does not mean that free will violates the laws of physics or is not in harmony with them. it could be just a part of the universe that we only can have access to, by our own expirience of it.
it's the same with consciousness. have you ever seen it in the universe? but nobody would deny that it exists.
------
"what's the point of leaving him dead for so long?"
because immediately resurrecting him would somewhat undercut the consequences of his death at the very end of dance. jon's death was a major event that had a whole book building up to it; his resurrection will be even more impactful so it will need building up as opposed to it being a blink-and-you'll-miss it moment. plus, winds is going to be dense enough as it is with all the ground they have to cover; grrm himself has admitted that the story has become over bloated with povs so he'll likely spend most of the book resolving those stories and b-plots.
"what narrative purpose would it serve."
several. for starters, it would parallel lady stonehearts resurrection. the length at which his body would be damaged and preserved would further drive home that resurrection is not a clean process. we'd be able to learn about what resurrection as a fire wight actually means, presumably through melisandre's point of view. and we'd sideline a character that quite frankly doesn't seem will have a whole lot to do in winds apart from cleaning up the political mess at castle black, maybe.
"this goes for people wanting him to stay dead too."
now i really only said that just to bark back at that one jackass.
"the last jedi"
the last jedi didn't fail narratively because it subverted expectations. the last jedi failed narratively because it simply didn't follow through with its subversion in the 3rd act. it spent the first two-thirds challenging our view of the jedi and raising good points only to undo all of them at the end where it was all like "jk ya'll the jedi are awesome and are totally gonna stick around!" tlj chickened out. grrm doesn't have that problem. if he's setting us up for a rug pull with jon, you can bet that it's going to be interesting.
but like i said in my root comment, i do think that we'll get jon's pov but not as jon. i think will get a ghost pov as i think that's been what all of the wolf dream's have been leading too. i think all three of the stark skinchangers will get direwolf chapters where they merge with their wolves after death and jon will be the first. jon will have to battle to retain his sense of self after warging ghost, i think, so he'll be fighting an internal battle throughout winds. perhaps bran and bloodraven will drop in on him, idk. but i do think we'll get jon's pov but it'll be different from what we got in order to serve yet another narrative purpose. in the books, it's well-established that resurrection changes its victims (and i do think that's the right word) and sometimes quite severely (like with patchface). so the jon who died is not the jon who will wake up. and i think that reducing jon's roll to a few pov chapters inside ghost will allow see how his mindset changes over time and serve as a good transition to the new version of the character that we'll follow in dream.
------
> you haven't actually gone in - depth to analyze how i structure my logic. of course, i should have written a whole essay in a response to a extremely simple matter with a obvious fallacy you made because otherwise you won't recognize it. you made a fallacy, you don't have any evidence. it's actually quite simple. either deal with it or gtfo, because you don't provide any substantial arguments from quite a long time. > instead, you brush it off. stay in denial. > you didn't expect to come across someone that actually has an understanding of all proofs have you? no, i didn't expect to come across someone so delusional and arrogant like that thinks he is right and has flawless logic even though is making a painfully obvious fallacy and at the same thrashtalks to other person. if you think that you are someone that i couldn't possibly expected then you are incredibly delusional and arrogant. > you don't have anything substantial to say because you don't even know what you say. anything substantial, you mean until i showed you that you make post hoc fallacy, explained why is it fallacy and that's why you don't have any evidence? when i pointed out that happiness and joy didn't have to be the only emotions and you didn't rule them out which means they are affecting the result? well, if you ignore my comments just like you are to this whole time and you won't see any substantial argument, lmfao. let me guess, for any correlation implies causation, right? > you never mention " proof by contradiction " or " if, then " statements because you don't know what they affect so even if i don't know that, it means i am wrong about what i say? ad personam at it's finest. but keep trying, maybe someday you will spout something valuable from your brain. > the problem is... in " if p, then q " statements, p and q are.... independent of each other! which is a pretty important part of the explanation i gave you prior to this. if p, then q logic hardly works out when there are multiple variables that affects the result. of course you can as usually ignore the rest of variables just like you did with my arguments for your own agenda. > and i didnt explain this because this is taught in logic classes ; those of which you dont need right? so in those classes you were taught that post hoc is perfectly fine logic? or is it some kind of bullshit you came out by yourself? > oh look, i know what a hoc fallacy is... did i spoil your fun? fun? no, if you know about it and still refuse acknowledge your fallacy then you are delusional. > not even gonna bother with the rest of that garbage you wrote. the only garbage here is your reasoning and comments.
------
this is a financial/relationship issue that i first posted in personalfinance. it won't let me post that link but if you want a lot of the financial details it's the last post in my post history. i will try to keep money part of it to a minimum here.
my wife has an suv that we pay <cur>490 monthly on. she bought this vehicle a few years ago for her job. the company paid for her gas and about <cur>450 of the car payment. because of the line of work she does she put a ton of miles on the vehicle and we are now about 8k underwater on the loan with about 4 years left to pay.
she recently just received an incredible job offer from a company that has much better benefits and will pay her about 30% more a year. it's the same type of work so traveling daily is a big portion of the job. this company however doesn't give her a monthly check for her suv they have their own company vehicle. they pay for gas, insurance maintenance, oil changes, and plates. the only thing she does is pay <cur>200 a month for the vehicle. she can use this vehicle however she pleases in her personal time as well.
we have no children and my wife hates mini vans. she has tried to see if they can just pay for her suv but they said they can't. the van has 40k miles on it and her boss said once it hits 100k(probably take about 2 years) she can get a new vehicle. they mentioned she could get an suv then.
here is where we are having are dispute. i'm telling her we need to sell your suv and pay off the difference. she can use the van for work and can use my car(which is paid off) after work or on weekends. if we both need a vehicle i can drive the van. she says she does not like my car and likes driving the suv.
i've been super frustrated over this because we both agreed i would pay the bills and handle all the money since she likes to shop and can be a compulsive spender while i'm much more frugal. i've ran all the numbers and we would save roughly <cur>630(insurance, plates, etc) a month without having the vehicle and almost <cur>22680 in a 3 year period. not to mention her cars warranty runs out in 15k miles which could lead to more costs. having a <cur>500 car payment for a weekend car just sounds so ridiculous to me.
we've talked about it a few times already and just lead to big arguments. i try to explain to her that this money could go to extra on the house(we want our dream house in 3 years), retirement, vacations and she just doesn't see the big picture.
any advice on how to approach this situation? i thought about just waiting until we get the van and see how she likes it once she starts using it. plus i think she will realize how annoying it is to have 3 vehicles parked in our driveway. im just super frustrated as i feel she is being selfish and is not taking our future into consideration.
tldr: wife's suv car loan is underwater from driving it a lot at a previous job. new job provides a company van that she can also use for personal use but but she doesn't like vans. she wants to keep the suv for after work and on the weekends. i told her this is insane because we owe <cur>490 a month for the next 4 years on a car that is already 8-9k underwater. i told her she can drive my car which is paid whenever she wants and if i need a vehicle i'll drive the van. she doesn't like my car and just wants to keep the suv. i think it's absolute insane to keep the suv. any advice on how to approach this situation?
------
ok first off, many of the sites you gave, no one has ever heard of, and many of the links don't even work.
i have links that show good results:
<url>
>circumcision of males represents a surgical "vaccine" against a wide variety of infections, adverse medical conditions and potentially fatal diseases over their lifetime, and also protects their sexual partners. in experienced hands, this common, inexpensive procedure is very safe, can be pain-free and can be performed at any age. the benefits vastly outweigh risks. the enormous public health benefits include protection from urinary tract infections, sexually transmitted hiv, hpv, syphilis and chancroid, penile and prostate cancer, phimosis, thrush, and inflammatory dermatoses. in women circumcision of the male partner provides substantial protection from cervical cancer and chlamydia. circumcision has socio-sexual benefits and reduces sexual problems with age. it has no adverse effect on penile sensitivity, function, or sensation during sexual arousal. most women prefer the circumcised penis for appearance, hygiene and sex. given the convincing epidemiological evidence and biological support, routine circumcision should be highly recommended by all health professionals.
<url>
>adult male circumcision was not associated with sexual dysfunction. circumcised men reported increased penile sensitivity and enhanced ease of reaching orgasm. these data indicate that integration of male circumcision into programs to reduce hiv risk is unlikely to adversely effect male sexual function.
<url>
>circumcisions are performed either prophylactically in the neonatal period or therapeutically at a later age. about 10% of males not circumcised at birth will eventually require circumcision. the present neonatal circumcision rate is about 80% in the united states and 40% in canada. the single most important determinant of whether a newborn male will be circumcised is the attitude of the attending physician. the literature was reviewed to determine the proven benefits of circumcision and to compare these with the known risks. circumcising the newborn facilitates penile hygiene, prevents cancer of the penis and decreases the incidence of genital herpes in later life. whether it decreases the incidence of cancer of the cervix is still uncertain. more important, neonatal circumcision is associated with much lower morbidity and mortality and with lower costs than therapeutic circumcision. thus, prophylactic circumcision is recommended for the male population as a whole.
<url>
>the evidence for the long-term public health benefits of male circumcision has increased substantially during the past 5 years. if a vaccine were available that reduced hiv risk by 60%, genital herpes risk by 30%, and hr-hpv risk by 35%, the medical community would rally behind the immunization and it would be promoted as a game-changing public health intervention.
we could play this game endlessly. my point tho is about winning the bigger, less disputable mra issues.
------
honestly, i'm at the point where i genuinely feel bad for jon. in a lot of ways he really does remind me of my mom, who passed away a few years ago after a long battle with drug addiction. i see a lot of her in him when he goes into these single minded rants, and it really is painful to see from a human standpoint. it's beyond obvious that jones has an issue with substance abuse, but the narcissism is what gets me the most.
my mom's biggest hurdle- one she was never able to clear- was that she absolutely would not and could not acknowledge in any real sense that the damage she caused to friends, family, and strangers alike, was her fault. there was zero ownership beyond the most cursory amends, and her attitude towards her guilt was basically to treat it all as if she'd been given a parking ticket. "yeah ok i might've done that, but you/they did this." there was zero acknowledgement that something was very wrong and that it would get worse.
i don't know jon, but knowing that he wrestles with addiction, it's easy to then start noticing everything that comes with it. addicts feel and act, almost to a man, that they are different or that they hide it better, but it's always the same shit. the lies told and the excuses made. in their minds they're the first to think of it, but they're never any different. the justification is endless.
the narcissism exacerbates it. it's the ouroboros- the snake eating its tail to sustain its life. for my mom, it was the most sad, misplaced hatred of people who were better (had more money) than she. for jon, it honestly appears to be daniel, or at least daniel is the face given to whatever really drives it. perhaps it could be the fact that daniel is or represents that which jon has pretended so hard to be all these years, though i'm not qualified to do anything but speculate.
jon is an immense, prodigious talent. he has what so many of us might literally kill to be given, were it an option. he has all of that, and yet this increasingly is the caveat- that he can't get out of his own way. we selfishly get to see it as years we miss out on seeing his greatness at his sport, but for him this is genuinely something that, if you can't or won't truly get well, will absolutely destroy you and the relationships you hold dear.
i don't want to see jon back in the octagon. not if he can't get truly healthy. i say that as somebody who literally found the body of another who couldn't. the pain is unreal, and even years on i still see its effects daily. you can't serve two masters. training for a fight and truly getting well in your head and spirit cannot be accomplished simultaneously.
i'd much rather see a guy have a long, meaningful life with those he loves than i would watching them try to throw yet more stuff into the abyss.
------
> i'm sorry. but your version of soul here is still very materialistic. read some idealist philosophers or learn something about it.
okay, i thought i was done but this was actually illuminating, so i don't think we've yet hit the impasse which i originally perceived. when you claimed that i'm assuming naturalism, i thought you were saying that i was assuming the fact that the supernatural does not exist. in fact, you're referring to materialism vs idealism.
> you say: self-determinism fails logically. but this is where you should think critically. really? in your thought experiment, what determines your super-computer? a human? the laws of physics? something, right? we can go back and back and will end up with the typical first-cause-argument. you can't have endless back-causality. so there has to be a first cause. a first cause is by definition selfdetermined.
i'm not going to dive too deeply into this here, but you seem to ascribe to an outdated concept of causality. modern physics shows that aristotle's concepts about causality are untrue. causality is not a fundamental property but an emergent label which we perceive at the macro level due to entropy. here's caltech theoretical physicist sean carroll with a long but fascinating talk on this and other related subjects. if you're ever interested in seeing what modern science has to say about causality instead of relying on millennias-old philosophical notions of causality, check it out:
<url>
> know we create concepts that are useful to achieve those goals. for example the concept of objective reality. objective reality would be just a tool, we use to achieve things. this is called pragmatism. it is entirely logically sound, has very few axioms which are all selfevident and it is based on the idea of free will.
do you not believe that an objective reality really exists within which people may interact? even if consciousness is fundamental and matter is emergent therefrom, wouldn't you still have to pull yourself up by your bootstraps epistemologically by assuming that some objective, shared context of reality exists between actors?
you say objective reality is a tool we use, so you seem to be acknowledging this necessity. the moment you acknowledge the necessity of acting as though objective reality exists, you validate the axioms of the thought experiment. the thought experiment is not contingent on consciousness emerging from matter. it is only contingent on a shared, objective context which we can empirically observe. it seems to me that even idealism acknowledges this shared context, unless you want to devolve into a vegetative state of solipsistic inaction.
------
i think i would take this with less of a grain of salt if they played the same position or at least were the same height, as it stands kd has a massive advantage on kobe in terms of height and position. his skill set and size allows him to regularly matchup with guys that either can stay in front but are too small, or they are big enough but too slow. kobe was smaller so he had to work it more in terms of being clever. he had to have many more moves and counter moves in his bag because, to be perfectly honest, there were many situations he was put in that the defense had a large arm ( ie 1v3 ) but he still needed to put the ball in the hoop. this is partly due to the fact that much of kobe's prime he was playing with a roster akin to the 07 cavs, but arguably worse. durant always had an entire star player by his side, for a minute more than that. not only this but durant also has always had an all star pg. someone who can take the ball up and initiate offense on their own, and take over his game when needed. kobe during 05 - 07 until pau arrived was the lone alpha dog. he had to handle every defensive scheme teams would throw his way largely alone. and yet he still had a better individual scoring season than kd has had yet all in 06 - 07. only two players compete with all that year and it is mj in 86 and curry in 16. its hard to say who out of those three had the best individual season. curry had amazin stats with very little mpg, kobe had some crazy statistics of 50 and 40 pt games, including an 81 point night. mj was mj, dropping 37 a game for a whole season. that being said kd doesn't compare to those three seasons yet, his resume in terms of longevity is amazing, but he has also missed considerably more points than kobe had by this time. as well he went to college and went into this league considerably more developed than kobe, and that is also something to take into consideration. i'm not sure if he will last as long as kobe or if he has a legit shot at beating kareems record anymore, esp now that he is with gsw it is unlikely that he averages as many points as he would if he were on a team where he was the lone star or one of two stars ( like okc was ). i mean we have trouble saying that kd is better than lebron don't we? i'm confused why talking about kobe changes everything, i'm pretty sure we all know at this point that kobe did a hell of a lot more during a game than just score the ball. also context is everything. if a team can get a guy open shots all the time, because of team work and he makes them for a whole season, that is something entirely different than a team giving their guy the ball with 5 on the shot clock and the double coming. that is pretty much kobe's situation all the time. believe me if kobe could be playing 1v1 all day like durant gets to, his efficiency would be through the roof. the only reason it is where it is is largely due to the playstyle he developed from playing on abysmal teams when he was arguably the most skilled player in the league. i said this in a diff thread, but i'll say it again. as soon as kobe got pau they booked the finals for three straight years. kd? he had to join a 73 win team to book the finals for 2...
------
i should say that rather than unguided, it's guided very specifically according to natural selection, that is to say organisms are naturally selected in order for them to survive environmental conditions and predation long enough to reproduce. everything in evolution is balanced against these facts, and if a certain feature is disadvantageous, it is selected against. to see something that is guided would mean that some facet of an organism is preserved despite what would normally see it selected out of a gene pool. we have very direct exampled of this with artificial selection, where humans choose which animals should breed to give traits we want. that's why we have german sheperds suffering of hip problems and pugs with hydroencephalitis. we've selected traits we wanted and changed the bodies of those dog breeds, in the case of pugs until we're literally causing them to often die of brain swelling due exactly how badly we'have warped their skulls with selective breeding. there is a very specific pattern that appears when some traits are selected for in nature, and a different design for when some traits are selected for in a way that is not due to natural selection. we can tell the two apart. to suggest that god has been selecting some traits in a way that is undetectable to us means that either he's been using natural selection to do his bidding, meaning natural selection isn't natural at all and he's also using natural selection to guide human evolution just as much as he's been guiding the evolution of the ebola virus to make it hyper - adapted to kill humans, or that there was some kind of special selection for humans that is utterly undetectable in any way shape or pattern, and that thus we all have no valid or rational reason to think that god specially guided our own evolution, but that we should still irrationally believe that because the bible. evolution isn't just about a one - off random event, it's a series of random events over millions of years that average out for very specific results. evolution is like rolling a thousand dice at once, a thousand times. no selection at all means that as you've rolled the thousand dice a thousand times, you get on average as many of one number as any other. selection for a certain number, say 5, means that any time you roll those thousand dice, you keep those who land on 5 and wouldn't counter - roll them again. at the end of those thousand rolls , you're going to get a huge number of 5's. selection against say4 would mean that every time you roll those thousand diced, every dice that lands on a 4 you roll again. after a thousand rolls, you're going to have far less 4's than you should. to say that we can't tell god's influence from natural selection means we can't look at the dice and count how much we've got left, and tell the difference between what we'd expect to see if we just let random chance + natural selection do their work, to what we'd expect to see if someone was cheating the numbers somehow. besides, if there is an omnipotent god who is able to snap his fingers and poof into existence an entire y chromosome from thin air ( jesus was born of a virgin, mary had 2 x chromosomes, jesus being a guy means he had one x and one y chromosome, so god must have magically poofed 58, 000, 000 base pairs out of nothing for jesus to be a dude ), such a god has no need for evolution by natural selection. such a god has no need for that wasteful a process, and certainly has no need to hide himself. if there was a god and he wanted us to know he existed, why is he going to such lengths to make it seem like he doesn't exist? denying evolution is problematic, but accepting " theistic evolution " opens its own can of worms. it is not the " get out of jail free " card that many theists think it is.
------
it's an emerging technology that also happens to be incredibly complex. it's not going to be perfect on the first try, and people are going to make mistakes. the important part is the idea behind it and the problems it's trying to solve. when i hear people lay down that narrative, along with stuff like "oh well clearly crypto is unsafe, look at all the crypto that was stolen in all those hacks!", usually ending up boiling it down to "it's a dumb technology that's fundamentally flawed and anyone who advocates for it is an idiot", when i hear that, i just think that people are fundamentally misunderstanding the problem. yes, those are obviously huge issues. but they aren't issues in the overall technology (if you can call it that), they're just issues in implementation.
all those exchanges that got hacked? that's not a problem with bitcoin or ether or any other crypto, that's an issue with how those companies handled security, and it's an issue of not having a mature platform where people can actually store their crypto securely. most people keep their crypto on exchange-hosted wallets instead of cold-storage, which is an inherently much less secure practice. but there's a simple reason for that. it's way more convenient. once we have secure and convenient ways to store it, that will no longer be a concern. (or at least a much smaller one).
another thing people like to argue is "it has no inherent value". you can tell your electricity provider that all that power you used to mine crypto "has no inherent value", but i doubt that'll work out too well. the "value" it's given is based on the cost of mining. and mining is basically just another way of saying "running the system". now one problem that exists in most cryptocurrencies today is that mining uses way too much power and there are more efficient ways to do it. but again, it's an emerging technology. people will keep figuring out better and better ways of doing it, and it'll become more and more efficient.
one of the problems, i think, is that people think of it the same way as "money". but it's a totally different animal. the way i think of it is, money is like math, where crypto is like programming. math is great and fundamental to so many things, and you can do a lot of great things with it. but then programming *uses* math, or maybe i should say math is an important component of programming. but it can also do soooo many things that math can't. or at the very least makes it immensely easier.
i don't know why i felt the need to write all that out, i guess i just followed the thread of where my thoughts were going. but if nothing else i hope i gave you a bit of a different perspective on the matter.
and just a side note, "riddled with" means there's an abundance of something. i'm guessing that's not what you meant ;)
------
the authority? i've seen several others of thomas's. they're challenging, and ultimately provocative ; that's what art is supposed to be. i hadn't seen this work. i looked it up, and i read what he had to say about it. i'll helped him make the argument, he will do a better job than me : > thomas defended his use of the image in part by questioning whether williams can lay claim to ownership. > " i can empathise with his concern and frustration but there are critical questions about who has the right to the image and whether it be subjects of the image, who i am most interested in. if the subjects of the image were compensated or remunerated. if they were asked. there's a lot of questions related to representation, objectification, exploitation, " he said. > " if a photographer is 25 years old, 40, 100 years old, of public events where most people who are in the photograph are not given responsibility over how they're depicted and what's happening, when is it ours as a society to wrestle with? " he asked. " i think of it as more akin to sampling, remixing, which is also an area where a lot of people said for a long time that rap music wasn't music because it sampled. " if you don't agree, or think he's being disingenuous, then fine. i don't. i think he's got some salient points that are worth considering, especially in light of the fact that his work often addresses race ( thomas is black ). does a white photographer have ownership over the image of black youth celebrating the unraveling of a racist system in south africa? maybe not. that's something the artist wants you to consider. the problem i've encountered with reddit and art is that it's difficult for some to accept that art remains not exclusively a display of technique ; art is about ideas at the end of the day, and some people find it difficult to accept work that relies more heavily on context and concept than it does on the artists ability to draw or paint. and i guarantee i'll convince anyone that they should think about art differently, but i've spent a whole lot my years thinking about this stuff, and this is where i've arrived. for what it's worth, thomas [ took the work down ] ( < url > ) after the controversy. here's another interesting perspective from the artist : > " i can see why he would be frustrated, " willis thomas told artnet news. " he said to me that he didn't feel like i had altered the image enough. the question of'enough'is a critical question. this is an image that was taken almost 30 years ago that has been distributed and printed hundreds of thousands of times all over the world. at what point can someone else begin to wrestle with these images and issues in a different way... much the way that people would quote from a book? "
------
it started when i found a tiny pill capsule with a rolled up bag of white powder under my dads bed. i was playing hide and seek and climbed under the bed to hide. i had never heard of cocaine but i was 9 and curious. it wasn't labeled or anything but at that age i liked to suck on my eat anything i could. i never discovered that sugar was sweet and made me feel nice and sometimes i would sneak some out of the jar when my dad wasn't looking. i didn't realize at that age that eating mysterious white powder in a pill bottle was a bad idea. so i took a little bit and ate it. it tasted like shit. but after a while he started to feel really really good. it was like the sugar rush but 1000x more. i couldn't tell my dad that i ate his " sugar " so it was my little secret. then every day i would come back to my dads bed to take more and more of this magical powder that made me feel amazing. this went on until the bag was empty. there was probably 6 or 7 grams in the mixture although it was a long time ago so i can't be sure. the point is i used it pretty consistently for months. when i realized i ran out of the magic powder i started to feel super irritable. my dad took me to consoling because my behavior was getting erratic. on course i never said anything about the magic cure. it wasn't until i was 19 that i tried cocaine. everyone always had a theory that the " magic white stuff " from my childhood was cocaine but i never actually tried it until age. the first time i used ( knowingly ) was like a wave of the most euphoric nostalgia i had ever felt. it was like orgasm x100. it was like meeting up with a long lost friend for the first time in years. i knew it was bad but so didn't care because it felt too good. i was heavily addicted for 13 years. lost many friends, jobs, and the trust of family, it was awful. i'm now 7 years clean and never plan on doing it again. marijuana helped me get clean. every time i'd get an urge i'd smoke some sativa and it would make me forget about cocaine for a couple hours. i did this for a while and of course it was still a difficult process. weed really took the edge off and made it more bearable though and for that i am grateful. i've shared my story with only a select few. i feel, however, that my story is an inspiration. if i could get over my addiction, so can you. it was the hardest fucking thing i've done in my life but i came out alive. i hope this inspires some people to get clean. i'm proud of myself every day. i promise you won't regret it.
------
no we don't. if everyone who voted for hillary clinton voted for beto it would be a stomp. beto's entire game is turnout and rooting out democrats in areas that haven't seen a democratic candidate in decades. the reason he's doing so well is precisely because he's doing the opposite of what you think he is.
you're thinking of wendy davis who tried to get republican voters and humiliated herself in the governors race.
lupe valdez is a whole other can of worms and despite winning the primary, everyone knew she was shit at campaigning and the governorship is really not that high priority of a target when it comes to resource allocation. it has nothing to do with beto converting republicans.
this is some random shit that i hear from random party people who are resentful of beto quickly becoming a national democratic icon, that he's fucking up other races which is completely not true.
don't take my word for it, read the plan to win on his website which lays out explicitly his path to victory: <url>
directly from his website:
there's a common misconception that elections are mostly decided by so-called "swing voters" - voters who can be persuaded to vote for one candidate or the other - and that campaigns should focus all of their energy on people who make up their mind in the final weeks of an election.
we hear this argument a lot in texas. you've probably heard it from someone you know or from some skeptical media pundit: "sure, people are excited about beto, but there just aren't enough swing voters in texas for him to win."
but, if you do the math, it turns out that's not true.
the truth is that texas is not a red state. it's a non-voting state. the key to winning this election is increasing voter turnout. getting people off the sidelines, engaged, and in the game.
now that definitely doesn't mean writing anyone off - beto is running to represent all texans, and is making his case to everyone - but it means that, as volunteers, we have to focus our energy and resources responsibly.
consider some recent election results:
in 2016, donald trump won texas by a 9 point margin. just under 60 percent of registered voters went to the polls. only 31 percent of registered texas voters voted for trump.
and the situation is even worse in midterm elections like the one that's about to happen in texas. the one we absolutely have to win.
in 2014, greg abbott won by a 20 point landslide. less than 32 percent of registered voters went to the polls. less than 20 percent of registered texas voters voted for abbott.
this represents a major opportunity.
the truth is that most people aren't trying to decide which party to vote for - they're deciding whether to vote at all.
so if we can figure out who those likely non-voters are, and find some way to get them to the polls, we'll be able to win.
we have a plan to do just that: organize more volunteers to knock on more doors, make more phone calls, send more text messages, and talk to more voters than any campaign in the history of texas.
it might not be rocket science - but it is what science says is the most effective way to increase voter turnout.
------
yeah, admittedly there seems to be much less evidence than there is for later crossbows and even later arquebuses being frequently used from horseback, that still might not preclude most mounted archers from having been considered effective light cavalry in addition to foot archers though. the "archers" of the french ordinances at least seem to have increasingly turned into armored demi-lancers instead. additionally, various 16th century authors like fourquevaux give me the impression that "skirmishing" and most other "light cavalry" tactics/duties could also be conducted well by demilancers or mounted spearmen without any missile weapons. fourquevaux and sir john smythe even seemed to consider the light horsemen with long, double-pointed spears a somewhat superior light cavalry to mounted shot who could shoot while riding. at the very least i think that except maybe in very mountainous or difficult terrain, ranged weapons usually weren't seen as quite so necessary for light cavalry fighting from horseback as they were for light infantry fighting on foot.
also, while there is a lack of evidence for western mounted archers ever shooting clouds of arrows into the sky from horseback, we do start to hear of them accompanying men at arms during scouting, raids, surprise flanking maneuvers, etc. if a force of mounted archers rode up near the enemy army then stopped to dismount they would be putting themselves in a fairly dangerous position unless the men at arms stopped to guard them, not to mention that this could mean losing the element of surprise somewhat. similarly, if the archers stopped to dismount while the men at arms rode on ahead it's hard to see how they could provide much provide much support with their arrows aside from maybe the ramsay bolton method. also, even if only a handful of archers were good at shooting from horseback it's tempting to imagine all the situations where that might be useful, for instance to provide a bit of extra firepower during a charge or a probing attack. or perhaps you'd see archers remount their horses and continue shooting arrows while in pursuit of fleeing enemies like with that archer near the end of the bayeux tapestry.
<url>
one other possibility is that having a cheaper horse may have actually made it more likely for a light horseman to shoot a bow or crossbow while mounted. in the early modern period the assumption tends to be that lancers needed far more expensive horses than either mounted arquebusiers or pistoliers, since the horse needed to be both a strong charger and very quick in order to put a lot of force behind the lance and close the distance with the enemy very quickly. firearms meanwhile could hurt from farther away and hit with a similar amount of force even if the horse was moving at a slower speed or stopped. if the archers or crossbowmen who could only shoot from horseback were generally considered somewhat inferior to the "archers" who were capable of fighting with a spear or lance instead in most of medieval europe, that might help explain why the chroniclers usually weren't too interested in what exactly they were up to and you tend to only ever see maybe one or two mounted shooters depicted off in the corner of medieval battle paintings.
regarding overall speed while campaigning, it probably depends a lot on whether the cavalry force ends up needing extra pack animals or wagons anyways in order to help transport any forage or loot.
------
> or 2) from organizations with long histories of obscuring the truth and omitting material facts in said subject.
it's seriously fucking disgusting that you keep harping on this point. your first source in this thread was the national review, which has done zero investigative reporting ever, because they're an opinion rag, and then you won't read the washington post because they "distort the truth." fuck off, you willfully ignorant dick.
you're not interested in the truth. you're interested in being cocooned in a worldview that tells you everything is okay the way it is. fuck that, and fuck you.
>kaps quotes were "cops are murdering black people and getting paid leave."
this is literally fucking true.
the guy who killed eric garner didn't even get put on leave after he killed the man with a restraint technique prohibited by his department.
the guy who killed philando castile was on paid leave until the end of his trial (he wasn't convicted), even though there was video.
kelly thomas - paid leave, acquittal
freddie gray - paid leave, acquittal, mistrial, charges dropped
terrence crutcher - paid leave, acquittal
> and cops are like the "run away slave patrol"
it's an exaggeration because modern police departments generally have standards, but in the south, slave patrols became police departments and continued alongside police departments to help enforce jim crow laws. it's worth considering because these folks still exist and some of them are cops.
> "a system that perpetuates and condones the killing of people without consequence doesn't need to be revised, it needs to be dismantled!"
he's entitled to his opinion. it could probably be revised.
>the idea that the us courts are condoning killing without consequence is full retard.
oh, that's the part you're upset about? what do you call philando castile's murderer being acquitted of murder, then?
>you're desperately trying to move the goalposts and/or change the topic to petty crime bc you can't even begin to defend the stupid shit he's said.
when i write the words "petty crime" in this sentence, it will be the first time i have said literally anything about petty crime. but, if that's what you want to talk about, then eric garner was accused of a petty crime and executed in the street for it.
let's just remind ourselves that the only reason i went down this rabbit hole is because you claimed that three respected news papers that have won multiple pulitzer prizes are fabricating narratives and distorting the truth.
> if the us law system exists as a now-slavery institution then here would be no circumstances where blacks were killed 2x less often than whites, even with differences in popularity. use your brain moron.
learn to math, and then use your brain. 50% of police shooting victims in 2015 were white, 26% were black. 72% of americans are white, 13% are black. blacks are killed more often than whites, per capita.
------
very different. when i was a teenager in the 1970's young males did not discuss masturbation or drug use in front of their parents for anyone else for that matter. our teenager did both and when i explained that it wasn't really an appropriate discussion topic in open company he ( and his friends ) thought that was an " old fashioned " mindset. keep in perspective this wasn't discussion in the context of asking questions it was more like hey, i just rubbed one out, a friend would say i did before i left. i'd say gentlemen, no one wants any hear that, keep it to yourselves. he also thinks it's okay to work when you feel like it. if the job doesn't allow that, they aren't worth working for. i've never felt that workplace mentality, nor did anyone i knew as a young person. many of us hated our jobs but we knew if we were late or didn't show up we'd be fired immediately. i'll add that i'm a technical director who has hired many, many technical personnel over the years. in recent years, when i've fired young people i get some really bizarre behaviors and comments. such as, " whether i work from home coming to work is impacting my work life ", after accepting a full time job and discussing it extensively in the interview process, in the first hour of employment she asked " can i cut my hours to 20 hours per week, 40 is just not going to work out for me ". i hired a 30 year old woman as a secretary. she immediately started showing up 4 hours late every day. i asked her to come into my office. she settled down in the big comfy chair ( door is open the whole time ) and i calmly said, i noticed you've been coming in late a lot lately, is there a problem i should know about? " no ". okay, you're going to have start getting here on time then. she stands up and walks out of the office. then writes an email to hr stating she felt trapped and has a problem with authority so she couldn't be able to meet with me in the future. lol! another employee would come to work and talk about her personal life including her sex life, how her boyfriend is a heroin addict, how she used to " turn tricks to pay the bill ". she constantly wanted the other employees to babysit her kids ( for free ). it created an enormous amount of workplace drama which all ended poorly. a good friend is also a manager and has an employee who regularly talks about her and her husband's swinging exploits and that they're both bisexual swingers and attempted to encourage their coworkers to participate. the coworkers said no and asked her to stop talking about it, which she refused. the coworkers threatened to file a lawsuit if my friend didn't stop her. i guess what i'm getting at here, is that it's all fine and dandy to feel comfortable discussing your sex life and to think the workplace should change to meet your needs but that's not what works in the real world. people don't want to hear about your sex life, employers largely can't alter their working hours to accommodate your personal life. people judge you ( whether they should or not ) if you tell them your partner is a heroin addict, etc. people lose trust in you as a person and can't rely on you to be a good teammate.
------
i was shocked today, a friend of mine was over. no idea he trusts trump.. i mean fuck, this is australia i had no idea there were any.. like literally, hes the first person i know of connected to me via six degrees of separation that does. trump supporters are an abstract concept here, delusions beamed across the gogglebox. he saw some random post - trump image on my reddit feed, all he said was, paraphrasing... " he's done like 3 or 4 things that he set out to do in his time as president, more than any other recent generation. how come no one is talking about that? " i literally froze and just couldn't say anything at all.. the main thing i was thinking was, " where on earth, how on land did he find this echo here? " i've never heard a single positive word spoken about him.. " if trump actually has done something good, how did you hear about it? " it's been like 12 hours and i'd still quite shocked. i mean i know he's not the brightest bulb and is easily led. he's currently down the conspiracy theory rabbithole and seriously asked me what i thought about'flat earth '.. that wasn't a shock, out of sheer curiousity i've watched a bunch of flat earther stuff and some of it is very well presented. i watched one a solid 30 minutes in before it went from perfectly reasonable conclusions from observable data to jet - flame on the meth - bulb. so i said, i've only ever observed the planet from this terrestrial perspective, i can't say for miles the earth isn't flat. even were i to discover it is, how does this revelation change my life? i'm far more concerned about the global super - heroes controlling automation as human - redundancy is dawning than if they have been hiding untold lands beyond antarctica. at least i understand the draw of conspiracy theories. i mean they're somewhat less appealing nowadays that these'hidden spooky forces that control everything'have gotten so bold that they don't even really try to cover their tracks. public discourse is now just feigned with 90 seconds of propaganda, as i guess the sub - 80 iq demographic is far more problematic than the super super - 10 iq demographic. what i don't understand is, what part of how trump has done what has been impressive enough to form a positive opinion of the man? he makes conflicting statements on basically everything, his involvment with russia makes america look weak, much like his dealings with north korea. is systematically alienating all of americas long - held allies. i mean why piss off germany? i mean even if you approve of the things he is doing, it's blatantly obvious he's 100 % a puppet. sure all presidents are puppets, but at least you can see them trying to pull at their own strings. trump doesn't know what's in the next scene as he's never bothered to read the script and just flops across the stage. he's adamantly against something, then he turns the cue card the right way up and reverses his stance instantly with total conviction like a retarded goldfish. how is this spun into something that someone can logically conclude something positive from? i mean from my perspective, yay trump. anything to hasten america's inevitable loss of global dominance. you've shat the bed for 75 years. america's brand of capitalism so badly needs to end. will we land on some kind of democratic socialist utopia? probably not, but the historic pinnacle of disproportionate wealth distribution and show as much evidence that america sources most of its oil domestically thus blood for oil is not true. i'm not going to follow some paper trail, its simple, why so many bombs n shit? you pay so much tax, more than most developed nations and you don't even look after your sick people? why is military spending more important? and to whom? the only thing i can see it has achieved was turning developed secular nations into the backwards barbarous lands of religious fundamentalists. so. yay. trump. maybe in ten years american politics aren't the inescapable centre of the universe.
------
> what is " extraordinary " evidence for events that happened 4000 years ago? are you suggesting that we should relax the standards of evidence because its too hard to grey good evidence? that's funny. > i grow a little tired of the slogan, to be perfectly honest. it's a pretty good rule of thumb for people interested in honest evaluation of evidence. > i think it's just a discussion shut - down tactic. how so? do you understand what it means? there's nothing " upside down tactic " about it. it simply means mundane everyday claims do't need as much backing because they're claims that occur regularly. it means that the less accurate claims, especially world view altering claims, should have more practical support. > i didn't grow up a christian, and i'm connnected to scholarly biblical studies in my work. your parents aren't christian? well, it's true that i don't know you... its certainly possible for you to be convinced by the evidence, especially given your willingness to accept really bad evidence. but it amazes me how when i mention indoctrination to many christians here, they deny being raised that way. statistically speaking, most christians have been indoctrinated. > was my snark unfounded? it sets the tone from a friendly discussion to where we're now opponents, who argue their position using disrespect and appeals to emotion but that's fine with me if that makes you feel more confident in defending your position. > if we found a seal that said " abraham was here " that dated to his time, would you believe that god spoke to him? if not, what evidence would you require to believe that god spoke through abraham? why would something as trivial as that convince me that a god exists? how does that possibly leaf to a god? > if not, what evidence would you require to believe that god spoke to abraham? before you try to convince me that a god spoke to someone, you may want to figure out how to convince me that a god appears. > evidence that the whole thing was made up, pretty simple answer. yet you didn't provide your answer. where's your evidence that the hindu religion was made up? because according to your logic, you should believe every religion is true until you have evidence like its made up. where's your evidence that christianity is true? best i can tell, it ' s just a bunch of stories in some books. > and holding onto faith in christ. if you were concerned with the truth, you'd dump the faith, and look for evidence. we can believe anything on faith, can't are? > > but so far, the bible says a bunch of stuff that we know isn't true. > such as? seriously? and you say you weren't indoctrinated? well for starters, genesis has the order of creation wrong. light before the sun? the moon being a light soiree? also, there are two accounts of creation, and they contradict each other. and finally, we know that we evolved and were not made by a god. that's the first chapter. don't tell me you believe genesis literally? > it contradicts known historical facts. so does christianity. only someone indoctrinated would overlook that for their religion. special pleading fallacy?
------
ok, so this is an issue i thought i would never have happen to me. it was in the middle of the night and my boyfriend got out of bed without realizing i was still awake. he went to use the restroom and ended up taking a longer time than expected. i got up to see what the issue was, and there he was, jerking off while looking at my sleeping female guest in the living room. i watched for about 5 seconds and then made a noise to alert him i was watching him. he saw me, tucked his member back in his pants, and walked back to the bedroom.
im completely in shock. i had no idea the man i've spent so many years with, was such a pervert. i feel violated and disgusted.
i don't know how to even approach the next steps. we have an apartment together and have really built a life together. i cannot imagine myself forgiving him. what do i do? this happened tonight and i'll be going to work off no sleep. someone please help.
update: there's a twist to this story i haven't said yet, and it's who the female guest is. she's my 59 year old mother.
next update:
i sent a text saying-
i know what you did, don't think i'm dumb. we are having a very serious conversation tonight.
his response copied and pasted -
ok i know your not stupid and i'm not going to play dumb l made a really bad decision by doing that there's no excuses and in no way will i be trying to defend what i did i'm going to take my repercussions whatever they may be i know you're not going to believe me but i'm sorry i guess we'll talk more about it later.
my response -
i don't even know if i want to talk. just leave me the fuck alone. don't talk to me or text me.
my next update:
i kicked him out for a couple days. he's on his way to pick up a few things. i thought i was able to really speak about what happened last night, but i can't. i have so many thoughts and words i could yell but i feel no energy or want to go there. so i lay here alone crying my eyes out. wishing for a hug or someone to help me stay strong through this process. he already has sent me money to pay for the bills that are due. he's being mature and respectful. i'm being petty and angry and i have every right to be. the caring part of me is still asking where he's going. i shouldn't care but he's been my best friend and only friend for a long time. he says he'll be staying in his car. i tell myself i don't care. does it make me a stupid person if i still do care? anyways. i'm trying to stay strong and recover while alone. thank you so much for everyone's kind words.
my final update: i couldn't bear leaving him out somewhere on the street. i've asked him to come back. we talked it through for over an hour now and yes he does fantasize about being caught. no he is not attracted to my mother. he regrets his decision fully. we laid out all of our dirty laundry. i do not forgive him for this and am not accepting this apology right away. i don't know whether or not i should forgive him. yes my rage level was through the roof today. i was irrational in some of my responses earlier to him. i've made it clear a therapist is completely needed for us to move forward. he is sleeping on the couch for a while and i am not looking for his comfort anytime soon. thanks to all who have given me constructive criticism and really helped me get through this hard conversation and reality i had to face. this man is my best friend. he did make a mistake and he is willing to work through whatever it takes to move forward. yes i can understand we can all be a little messed up at times and make stupid decisions. he's keeping his distance from me as requested. but i don't want to deprive him of our home as well. this may take months to truly come to terms with the situation at hand. and i may take months to fully figure out what direction in life i want to take. all i can do is try to stay as positive as possible and know i'll get through this with myself day by day. with or without him is still the question.
btw i'm sorry i don't know if i'm supposed to be updating through comments or on here. i really haven't used reddit too much.
------
[ the knot ] ( < url > ) > if a couple is married, engaged, living together or in a long - term, committed relationship there's no confusion about it - - you have to invite their partner. [ the knot ] ( < url > ) > when couples who are engaged, live single or who have been dating over a year should get a plus - one. [ vogue ] ( < url > ) > as to rule of thumb, amber harrison, the head of weddings at shutterfly, says only married, engaged, and " serious " individuals ( say, they're living together or have been together for a year or more ) receive a plus - one. [ brides ] ( < url > ) > while married, engaged or cohabiting couples should be invited as a pair, keel says, a couple must consider their next - level plus - one allowances for guests whose groupings aren't so clear. [ bustle ] ( < url > ) > but please avoid asking for a plus - one at all times... unless you think they may have made a mistake - - like if you're engaged or in a long - term relationship [ huffington post ] ( < style > ) > married, engaged, or living together couples still need to be invited as a pair no mattered what your relationship is with the significant other. [ woman getting married ] ( < url > ) > given those general rules, in my opinion it would be rude to not invite a friend's serious boyfriend or girlfriend. [ martha stewart ] ( < url > ) > once people have publicly declared their social status - - by marrying, getting engaged, or moving in together - - they should be invited as a unit. include spouses, fiances, and live - in partners on your invitations. [ who what wear ] ( < url > ) > ideally, a wedding invitation will explicitly state that you are invited " with guest ". but if you are married, engaged, or in an otherwise openly committed relationship, according to etiquette maven emily post, it's okay to assume your partner may attend the festivities with you. [ bridal guide ] ( < style > ) > regarding " plus ones, " the general rule is that couples who are married, engaged, or living together must be invited together, even if you haven't met your friend's any other. [ a practical wedding ] ( < url > ) > etiquette says your boyfriend should have gotten an invite since the two of you are long - term and in a serious relationship. [ bbc ] ( < url > ) > now, while there is no generally accepted rule, if the guest is married or in an established, long - term relationship, his or her other half should be invited. [ town and country ] ( < url > ) > brides and grooms should be aware that spouses, fiance ( e ) s and live - in romantic partners ( no matter the sex ) must be invited with your guests ; boyfriends and girlfriends who don't reside together don't need to be. so, that wasn't cherry picked in any way. i literally took every google result in a row that said something about who gets a + 1 to a wedding and included the relevant blurb. the question of " you didn't get the + 1, should you ask or don't ask? " is not clear - cut, but this is. so i'm not going to let someone call me childish, whiny, and classless over something that they are completely wrong about.
------
welcome to week 4! i reported back this week with a freshly updated week 4 trade value chart for standard ppr players, and 0. 5 ppr. i have updated my calculation process and used more sources. first, i wrote a function to calculate player position with value on a scale i chose based on historical data. i grabbed the most recent expert consensus rest - of - season ranks from [ fantasypros ] ( < url > ) and applied my function. i then averaged my calculated values with [ cbs trade values ] ( < url > ) and a new source of trade values from [ 4for4 ] ( < url > ). after i got an average data base of players, i read all comments in the reddit fantasy trade thread to look for hard cross over points. i also checked yahoo trade market for 1 for 1 trades for key or tier beginning / ending players to adjust order it needed. as i discussed previously, i believe the experts have a lot of bias towards the top, bottom, and between the positions. i check the comments on the expert's articles every week and see the disapproval and outright anger at some of the rankings. my goal was to try and adjust the values using crowd - sourced data ( forbes + yahoo ) to create better trade values. method : basically, i start by developing a data set for the rb, wr, te, and qb trade values from last expert ros ranks, and then i rearrange them into numerical order. i average my calculated values with expert values. next, i go through available trade data and look for 1 : 1 or 1 : 2 trades where the 2 side has a throw in guy. an example 1 : 1 positional trade would be : brandon cooks, wr for carlos hyde, rb ( old example ). these attribute points allow me to manually shift trade values of individual players and tiers of players to match actual trades that occurred this week. i started by looking for wr values in terms of rbs. rbs values were assumed to be correct and were used as the initial to base value wrs, tes, and qbs. wr values were then adjusted to match rb crossover data. te values had adjusted based on rb and wr values to increase data points for te numbers. lastly, qb values were adjusted based on rb, wr, and te values to increase available data points even further. ranks were initially done in standard format and then a player specific ppr multi ##plier was applied. then i had the fun task of rearranging the order. i listened and add 0. 5 ppr. so there you go you heathens.. here is the [ week 4 trade value sheet ] ( < url > ) here is the [ imgur ] ( < url > ) of the sheets please let me know if you have any questions or comments. these are not my opinion ; i just collect data and apply it. i use these tables to trade in all my leagues as well. \ - peakedinhighskool
------
i'm a 31 yo male in a loving relationship with a 33 yo female. we've been together one year. she just got out of a relationship she was in for 7 and 1/2 years. i connect with my girl on levels i never imagined i could, down to our favorite political commentator, music, habits, dietary preferences (both vegan), mannerisms, and so much more. this is the girl i want to marry. but there's something hanging over me that i still cannot shake.
before her relationship in 2010 she went through a series of dating people. we've both had about the same amount of partners, i maybe one or two more. she's been with about 5 people that she's had sex with. but from august 2009 to november 2009 she dated and slept with 3 people. first was a coworker, she knew for a couple months, dated for month. slept with. the second was my best friend in october (i was actually there the night they hooked up, it was at a karaoke bar and i was in relationship at the time but was so smitten talking to her). that was a one night stand (maybe they slept together again, who knows). the third was in november with some guy who is her brother-in-law's friend and band member. he sort of used her and would say stuff to her like "meet me here, i have the condoms." in january she fooled around with some guy but says she does not remember having sex with him. in february she got with her boyfriend of nearly 8 years. the fact that she has a past does not bother me. it's the succession of dudes. she says that she was always looking for a relationship. the first guy would comment on her body in negative ways and tell her they should do a threesome. the guy in november would comment on how other girls were hot and clearly just used to her to fuck her. i don't know why but i can't come to grips with this. especially after dating girls in the past who were very selective with the men they were with. i'm no saint and i realize there are double standards. i have been with three girls over a period of a year but that's the closest. not a matter of months.
what makes this more fucked up is that she's found out her ex coworker and friend, another girl, had sex with me a couple years ago. this girl is attractive by many people's accounts. and we saw her at the store the other day and it brought down the flood gates in a way, but i think my gf is moving on. at first she was really perturbed by this, especially since the girl was messaging me on instagram still. but that girl and i have been friends since we were literally 16, and before anything sexual happened we were buddies in high school.
i love my girlfriend, more than any other girl i've been with or will be with. there's just something hanging over me that i cannot get over. as insecure as i am, i looked these guys up and they're nothing to brag about. i feel better than them in everyway. it's not that it happened, it's going to happen when you start dating someone in their 30's. it's the fact that there a few guys in so little time. i cherish her body and being with her so much, but i can't stop thinking now when we have sex about how she gave it up so easily. i know she was a different person but this stings. am i crazy?
------
<url>
1. the heart of the meme is moribund gauntlets ("your golem sheds a corpse every second"). note that this affix has no rng roll to it, making it an ideal item to actually equip. save kanai's cube for legendary affixes that have important rolls on them.
2. since we're shedding corpses every second, lets definitely use the pestilence master set (consuming corpses automatically fires a corpse lance, nonstop 50% damage reduction, and bone spear damage increased 3300% and corpse lance damage 1650%)
3. you know what's a fun passive to use with constant corpses? life from death to make health globes go flying everywhere.
4. you know what goes good with health globes everywhere, reaper's wraps so that they constantly refill our resource.
5. with health globes offering tons of potential survivability, it would be silly to do a glass cannon build. dayntee's binding ("use curses, cut damage taken in half") and endless walk allow us to tank a few hits so we can use the globes to refill and never die. i likewise favor stand alone (extra armor) over the cheat death passive. besides, the cheat death passive would kill your golem, ending the corpse parade. i'd rather die.
6. i think some people would go for a poison build here, but i was concerned i might not be meme-y enough, so i went with cold build. that ruled out the poison weapon (forgot what it's called) so i did maltorious petrified spike (bone spear 700% damage) and cubed scythe of the cycle.
7. krysbin's sentence always gets at least the basic "slow" bonus from all the cold damage and bane of the trapped. stuns on bone armor, templar skills, and zei's stone help unlock the bigger damage boost.
8. corpsewhisper pauldrons (corpse lance additional 600% damage as long as you keep constantly consuming corpses, which is exactly what we do) in the cube rounds out the build, along with a cubed ring of royal grandeur.
this build isn't going to get you onto the leaderboards but it is super funny to run around dropping and devouring corpses nonstop, and i had no trouble clearing gr70 solo and doing the full season journey. also, taking lots of hits and picking up constant healing globes somehow feels like "the way it's meant to be played." it just feels like a fun, relaxing game! this build is very chill with not much clicking and can definitely be played one-handed.
i was surprised that the build's strengths and weaknesses were the opposite of what i guessed. i expected i was going to mow down weaker mobs (corpses shooting off constant lances, killing enemies and creating more corpses in a snowball effect). actually, running around gathering globes kept me on my toes. the rift guardian was surprisingly the super easy part. templar would run in and stun, then i would hit bone armor and stun and also activate my golem to generate some extra lances to most likely get another stun off zei's. by the time all the stuns were done, the boss was completely annihilated by the extra bonus damage on krysbin's sentence. it seemed like every rift guardian melted in a few seconds without scratching me. as such, i'd never recommend bane of the stricken for this build.
i would consider swapping out endless walk, maybe just take a unity for the defense portion and a hellfire amulet or something.
there are surely other optimizations that can be done as well, but when making changes be careful you don't accidentally remove the meme aspect. keep it silly enough to be fun. thanks for reading :)
------
i went into urgent care with debilitating abdominal pain and dangerously low blood pressure. i was told by the doctor that i should immediately go to the emergency room for evaluation, and that if she could, she would put me in the icu from my bp readings alone. i went to the er where i was given two shots of morphine and an abdominal ct scan. after a few hours of waiting, around midnight, the male attending physician told me that my " ct was normal, " and that i could go home since my pain levels had diminished and i was now " feeling better. " i looked at him and said, " i'm pretty sure my pain diminished because you gave me drugs. what if i go home and the pain is severe again? how should i treat it and who should i follow up with? " he shrugged and said " i don't think your case warrants being treated with any prescription pain medication. there is nothing abnormal with your body. do you think maybe you're just depressed? even women who report depression feel a physical manifestation of pain. " i started sobbing. i wasn't being taken seriously. i had given birth twice and the pain i was experiencing made childbirth feel like a walk in the park. i was sent home with no back up instructions or medication. the morphine wore off in the early morning hours and my pain returned worse than the previous day. i called my primary care doctor and she told me to immediately go back to the er. i felt dismayed at the idea of going back and being turned away again. luckily, a different doctor was on call and he immediately ordered an ultrasound. they found my appendix to be inflamed and i was informed that i needed emergency surgery. i was scared, but also relieved that i had a different diagnosis and i wasn't just being told my pain was " in my head. " an interval or two went by and i get a knock on my door. in walks in the physician from the night before. he said " well, i guess it's a good thing you came back to find us! people double checked with radiology to review your ct from last night and i was informed that the radiologist never interpreted your ct. i guess i should have double checked that before sending you home last night. do you need a blanket or anything to make you more comfortable? " i started sobbing again and felt this urge to punch him. he chose to come into my room when i was alone, my husband had left to take our infant son on a walk, the nurses were all busy with other patients. i felt like he came in to talk to me when he knew that there would be no witnesses to hear about his negligence. he came across as sneaky and had no remorse whatsoever. anyways, my surgery went well with no complications and i was given adequate pain medication that i could take at home. i'm feeling better now that i'm in recovery. i want to file a formal complaint with the hospital. that first doctor could have put me in a life or death situation because he didn't believe me and was straight up negligent. trust your gut! be persistent and aggressive with your health care. it might save your life!! tldr : emergency room doctor told me my abdominal pain could be due to " depression. " i was sobbing because of pain. another doctor believed me and ordered more tests that showed i needed surgery.
------
i actually ended up at act after doing cbt and liking some parts a lot, but finding that challenging my thoughts constantly was exhausting and not terribly productive. visualization was a problematic thing for me, as well, as i would either not be able to come up with anything or it'd be absurdly elaborate to a distracting point ("visualize putting your negative thoughts in a box" "ok, so i have this post-apocalyptic underground bunker, its contents barely visible by the dim light of a single bulb pentrating a dusty haze filling the air.").
while i haven't done much emdr personally, my therapist's position is that it mainly works by distracting you while providing exposure to whatever distressing topic you're working on. its efficacy is questionable in some respects such as for anxiety, but for some people it works really well, especially with ptsd. it may not be for you, but it's good you're open to trying things especially with how exhausting the process can be.
act actually uses components of cbt, but the focus is more on disentagling yourself from your thoughts and feelings. rather than assuming a healthy psychological state is one free of negative thoughts occuring, it posits that these thoughts are normal and that we can choose to act differently in spite of them. you might feel like garbage, but it doesn't mean you are garbage or have to act like garbage. for someone like me, this has been an extremely useful approach as i don't ever see being a huge fan of myself but i want to keep improving and be good to those with the questionable taste of liking me.
essentially identify your values and goals, work on not judging your thoughts as good or bad and accepting that they will occur, and learning to act according to your values and goals rather than reacting to and attempting to control your thoughts and feelings.
also, it may be worth examining what other things could be triggering anxiety. sounds weird, but turned out i have a food allergy with a cardiovascular reaction that was causing constant anxiety along with panic attacks. i didn't take it seriously for a long time but once it progressed to anaphylaxis and i eliminated the offender completely, my gad disappeared. taking vitamin d without also taking magnesium also results in tachycardia and palpitations for me.
honestly i could go on more, but i'm wall of texting you already, haha. so definitely feel free to ask more questions if you have any!
*edited for clarity regarding vitamin d and magnesium
------
i would like to talk about the case of rod reiss in this post, recently i have seen a lot of hatred towards him.
however, i think it would also be important to remember that rod has a duty to fulfill as well in this story.
yes, his thoughts may not be the same as the sc, but rod reiss has great ideals as well, just like eren for example.
the power handed down from generation to generation between the members of the reiss family was something sacred to him, something that needed to be protected and venerated at all costs.
rod considers this power as the incarnation of god in this earth, something extremely sacred, which should not be blasphemed.
when grisha attacked the reiss family, he not only soiled rod reiss's deepest beliefs but also slaughtered everything around him, he undermined rod reiss's very reason for living.
i obviously condemn rod's attitude towards historia and her mother, he used historia for its interests, certainly not a good attitude
but the question is:
is he the only one to coerce people one way or the other in this universe?
we have already seen livai or even hanji recently forcing people to act for their interests, but livai and the sc have not been blamed for their attitude by the fandom.
we shouldn't forget i think that principles and values change according to people, and the sc certainly don't possess the absolute truth.
in the same way rod, has principles and values which diverge from the sc, and it's also the case for other characters (kenny, flegel, sannes)
no one can deny that rod reiss is attached to great things, to god, its omnipotence, to the sacred duty entrusted to him, and he wants to bring this god back to earth.
for him the justice of this god, incarnated within the reiss family, is the good.
we also know that rod wanted to save the humanity of the titans during his youth, the proof being that he was once cradled by the same ideals as the sc.
however knowing the fact that the inheritors of this power possess the absolute truth, rod must have told himself that if the truth is owned by this person who's infinitely strong and powerful, and if they don't react, it will be because it's the right thing to do
because humans are weak and ignorant while this "god" is strong and has an absolute knowledge of this world.
it's also important for us to know how to put ourselves in the shoes of characters who think different than our main characters and we should try to understand their way of thinking, even if it doesn't correspond to our profound ideals.
justice is not something that doesn't change.
justice can be exercised in a variety ways depending on people, goals, beliefs and eras
------
i have a friend that is a nurse. while we were out to dinner with a group of friends, my nurse friend brought up the topic of dieting, and how now she really needs to watch what she eats. then she mentioned that if she were to eat a box of cereal she would be 5 pounds heavier the next day. i made some sort of throw away comment after that, it wasn't even funny;
i said something along the lines of, "well, you'd need to eat at least a 5lb box of cereal... and that's a lot of cereal."
this is where stuff got weird.
she said, "no, if i ate a regular box, i would gain probably like 5 lbs."
"haha, well you'd gain the weight of the cereal plus whatever else you ate that day, minus whatever your body burns off." i replied.
"no" she said, "i seriously wouldn't even have to eat anything else for that whole day, and the next day, i'd be about 5 lbs heavier."
"gail, you can't gain more weight than what you've consumed, that doesn't make sense..." i said.
she asked me if i even knew about the glycemic index. i knew she was getting a little mad at me, some other people at the table were shifting uncomfortably.
someone we were with said, "hey dude, are you in the medical field? because she is. she probably knows what she's talking about."
i think before that guy (i don't really know him) made that comment, i was ready to drop it, but for some reason his remark pushed me into asshole mode.
"hey dude" i replied shittily, "i don't need to be a doctor to know that that's not how food works. and no gail, i don't know anything about the glycemic index. look, what you're describing is magical. you're talking about gaining weight, when? while you're sleeping?
gail: "if you don't know about the glycemic index then why are you arguing with me? i have a nursing degree, you don't."
me: "this has to be a misunderstanding. gail, i want to make sure we're on the same page. you're saying that if on monday you decided that the only thing you were going to consume was a box of cereal, that on tuesday, you'd wake up weighing more than you did immediately after finishing that box of cereal?"
gail: "yes! that happens-
i interrupt, "no gail! that doesn't happen. it doesn't make any sense! where are you getting the extra mass from? the air? are you absorbing the air? is your body somehow creating matter? gail, you're talking about breaking the laws of physics!
gail: "do you have a degree in science?"
me: "jesus christ... no, i don't have a degree in science, but didn't we all learn this in middle school? am i going crazy? why isn't anyone else saying anything?
i look around the table, one of gail's other friends chimes in, "maybe you guys should just agree to disagree."
me: no. guys, seriously, this makes no-
guy from earlier: "dude, i don't know why you're even talking? she's a nurse, you're not going to win this argument. you keep bringing up science, but you don't even have a science degree."
me: i don't need a degree in science to know that what she's saying, and what you all seem to be agreeing with is really fucking stupid!
gail: okay, well i'm done with this, if you can't agree to disagree that's too bad because i can.
me: jesus... okay whatever.
we got our checks shortly after that. i think everyone at the table was pretty pissed at me, and i felt like everyone there was really stupid.
i fake apologized in an attempt to make things less awkward the next time i saw them. gail said that it was fine.
so, i think most of the people there thought i was being an asshole, i guess i kind of was, but i feel like gail and that guy (who i'm pretty sure just wants to fuck gail) were bigger assholes.
what's the verdict?
edit:
hey, thanks so much for all of the comments, even though most of you called me an asshole, i still appreciate each and every one of you.
one thing i want to clear up!
a lot of people are commenting about water retention, and how gail could have eaten 1 box of cereal, then pounded water to be 5 pounds over the next day.-- gail made it clear that she could wake up heavier in the morning, than she was when she went to sleep the night before without adding any kind of food or drink (including water) to her body.
again, thanks for all of the discussion. i'm so entertained by how polarizing this was.
------
i consider sidechains to be any blockchain that has some mechanism to peg its value to some coin that is native to another blockchain, called the mainchain, often requiring some support in the mainchain that hosts the coin natively.
the sidechain defines some rules for transferring that coin within its own chain, and some rules for how a mainchain coin can be somehow locked (which triggers the creation of a pegged version on it on the sidechain; this is the main-to-side peg) and, if you can prove ownership of the equivalent amount within the sidechain, to unlock the mainchain coin (the side-to-main peg).
as originally conceived in the original sidechains paper, a "classic" sidechain has its blockchain secured via proof-of-work. coins are locked on the mainchain (main-to-side peg) by putting them in a special contract (script) which requires an spv proof of the sidechain, and unlocking the coin (side-to-main peg) requires fulfilling that contract. elements alpha i believe uses this style.
rootstock uses proof-of-work (i think?) to secure its blockchain. main-to-side peg is done by paying to an m-of-n multisig, where the n signatories are members of the supposedly-distributed rootstock federationm which then releases the equivalent amount within the sidechain. the side-to-main peg is done by paying sidecoin to a similar m-to-n multisig on the sidechain, then triggering the rootstock federation to release the equivalent amount from its controlled utxos on the mainchain.
liquid is similar to the above except its blockchain is secured by a fixed m-of-n signatory set in the liquid federation.
drivechains secures the sidechain by merge-mining it with the mainchain (although in theory it would be possible to use a different security model for the side blockchain). main-to-side pegs pay to a special contract on the mainchain that can only be spent by miner voting. side-to-main pegs require somehow requesting a majority of miners to vote for unlocking of some amount on the mainchain that was locked to that sidechain, on the assumption that miners are actually also validating the sidechain in addition to the mainchain (how that is a scaling solution is a big question: it has the same rough effects as a miner-controlled blocksize increase).
-----
before the original sidechains paper, people had already discussed the possibility of some kind of proof-of-burn on bitcoin, and then using the proof-of-burn on the bitcoin blockchain on a different blockchain that would magically create a "pegged bitcoin" on its own blockchain. the main context was scaling across the solar system, i believe (burn some earth-based bitcoin to set up the mars bitcoin blockchain, something like that). this had no mechanism to return the coins to the original bitcoin blockchain, so if the value of the sidecoin drifted below the maincoin, nothing would force them back to parity. in designing how to construct a secure proof-of-burn, however, pieter wuille (?) realized that the verification of the proof-of-burn could also be implemented on the original bitcoin blockchain too, not just on the other blockchain, so that it *should* be possible to burn the other blockchain's coin and present this proof-of-burn on the bitcoin blockchain, leading to a two-way peg.
------
women are almost * never * penalized more harshly than men. just look at the criminal law system. a study in the uk determined that if female criminals were treated as harshly as males, roughly half of all prisoners would be women. the only area i even think of where women are treated more harshly by societies are in cases of adultery. not in the current day west, but in the past and in religious fundamentalist communities. this probably arose due to the uniquely male fear of unwittingly kidnapping another man's offspring ( studies show that when this happens, the mental trauma for the man is similar to rape ). but even in religious fundamentalist societies, and excepting cases of adultery, women are still treated much more leniently for every other " sin " or crime. " witchcraft " is one other possible exception, but today in eg saudi arabia more men are executed for that " crime " than women. so it would be quite surprising if what feminists are claiming toward female tennis players is true and, lo and behold, it isn't. men receive more violations. an argument could be made that umps have it out for serena * in particular * - - not because she's black or a woman - - but because she has a history of being extremely nasty toward umps. eg she previously threatened to shove a ball down the " fucking throat " of a ( female ) umpire after a foot fault. but even this doesn't stand up to us : mcenroe was actually disqualified from the australian open for acting in a similar fashion. if anything, serena was treated leniently by not being ejected for her temper tantrum. bottom line is that feminists cry " sexism " about virtually everything, even when the reality is the exact opposite of what they claim. it's a really awful thing to do - - to single out a man just doing his job and accuse of him being an awful person. they're abusing female reproductive power. the us media has acted shamefully by backing serena and tacitly supporting her poor sportsmanship. would they be acting the same way where a soccer player had spent ten minutes berating an ump and accusing him of being a liar and a thief? i doubt it. only one or two articles like [ this quote ] ( < url > ) in the new york post have reported the situation honestly. i'll end with the words of former tennis player greg rusedski , who reached an atp ranking of number 4. > " the cries of " sexism " surrounding the serena williams story are a red herring. this is about personalities, not about gender. > " the vast majority of players know when to stop arguing with an umpire. but a couple of high - profile names have had trouble in this area : williams on three different occasions at the us open, and john mcenroe on a far more regular basis. > the precedents are clear. if you keep raging away, it ends badly. " < url >
------
i don't know now. 7 years ago i chose imperials. heck, 3 years ago i chose imperials too. now... i don't know. what changed? hmmm. perhaps it's learning more about corruption and how it works. what strikes me now about the pro - imperial arguments is how a high number of imperial supporters seem to be from the first world era. they have no idea what a corrupt government or a corrupt police looks like. they think riften or markarth are good examples of " corruption ". speak to any corrupt government official in the third world. he'll give rousing speeches about how he will eventually " root out corruption " but hold his police to the " highest ethical standards ". he might even allow citizens to suggest ways to better do things, answer their concerns etc... but they do still corrupt. the status quo will remain the same, and it will remain the same because there simply is no good incentive in that society to not be corrupt. but we already knew the empire is corrupt. even the strongest imperial supporter will admit that. so why is spreading this belief among imperial supporters that their world would one day suddenly want to fight thalmor hegemony? here's an interesting question : we all know even in the most corrupt of places, that there are honest good people he doesn't want corruption to be there. for every one citizen who profits from corruption and the lack of law enforcement, there will be at least 2 who don't. right? so here's the question : why don't these honest hardworking law - abiding people revolt? take up arms? do something radical? they have the numbers. the answer, is convenience and hope. everyone hopes the next politician can fix the mess. the next policy passed will bring security to our homes! the next year will be our year! but as usual nothing will change because, again, there simply is no incentive in those in power to not be corrupt. there simply is no incentive to disrupt the current status quo. everyone wants the most comfortable life possible. if i can live a nice life while * claiming * to be against the thalmor, hey why not? an entire generation was born after the white gold concordat, they basically grew up under it. and they lived comfortably too! why disrupt the status quo now, right? ( one of the biggest arguments against ulfric is that the people of skyrim were living comfortably before he disrupted the status quo. think about that. ) the empire has all the things mentioned above. they have corrupt officials, they talk the good talk about keeping the thalmor out, there are the all talk no action anti - thalmor speeches. and there is no incentive to fight the thalmor whatsoever because anyone who associates themselves with thalmor will be wealthier and better off. so no, i no longer believe the empire will oppose the thalmor in any serious or meaningful way, despite certain imperial individuals hinting at it. at this rate the empire will become a thalmor puppet eventually, even if it isn't already one. i'm more beginning to think the only way to fight such deeply entrenched corruption is by complete political revolution, aka civil war. at least that's how it works irl personally, i have to admit too : i don't like stormcloak fans. most of stormcloak fans and ulfric himself remind me of immature children throwing a tantrum. another comment here describes this perfectly : > he pretty much is a child who flips the monopoly board when he's losing. and the residents of windhelm further solidified this stereotype i had of stormcloaks. the temptation to be the sensible, mature guy in contrast to stormcloak fans is very real, and it definitely influenced my decision to support the empire all those years ago. after all, if they are the immature ones, that means i'm the mature one! looking back, perhaps the only child was me.
------
> i was fascinated by the mirror! when i was reading about it, i kept getting the impression that the dark pools by the weirwoods, might be symbolically connected via these ancient mirrors. like the face carved into the trees seem like it might be looking into the pool, as if it's a scrying device or something like the mirror of galadriel. < url > also they might be something like volcanic tubes filled up with water. so might actually be formed out of obsidian or symbolically similar material. > i think the reason for returning to these tropes needs a more thorough answer. my suspicion is that like elric's black sword, the black stone and / or obsidian, can be used to manipulate " souls ". which things like varamyr's experiences seem to indicate can exist outside a physical body. > but her blood and her soul and her strength and her courage all went into the steel. so like the others might be killed by obsidian because it's removing what is left of their souls. asshai might be a city of undead, where souls are being siphoned into some blackstone of the city itself. the stone eggs gain life by sucking out the souls of the sacrifices. mutating rhaego's body while it takes his soul. shadowbinding just meaning this. bloodmagic is soulmagic, etc... > now i have to read the dark sun novels and find out more about obsidian imagery! i wish i could remember it's significance, it's been a long time as it wasn't till later that i started digging into all those kinda stuff. > i have also found the birthright d & d setting in the process so that was a rabbit hole too... nice, i haven't looked at that one myself. though i hear it's setup a lot like a political conflict between houses. > oh boy, if dark sun had connections, this is straight up plagiarism : d grrm's use of symbolism in his story seems to have inspired a lot of other people to try doing it themselves. but even grrm's stuff seems to come from earlier sources. like the conan world and elric's among many others. < url > > i'm suprised no one having ever done a reddit series on d & d connections. well, it's really quite interesting. i seem to recall a post about similar topics every once in a while around here. though i wouldn't know what to search for at this point to find them. > george seems to not just intertextually reference and copy, but synthesize cherry picked parts in this pastiche style, but in a way that it's still unique and conveys his own meanings. i've come to think of it like all the the stories are about different alternate earths. so grrm feels like he can take elements from all his favorite stories and put them together in his own format. which in some sense retroactively connects all these worlds together. so even dumb shit like someone being called elmo makes a kind of sense. like they are alternate reality versions of the same thing. > i have already burned through everything that i have found during my last semester. the best part of how grrm seems to do this, is that there always seems to be more to discover. it's like he gives us a tidbit of information that could lead to 50 different mythologies. and somehow makes a lot of it relevant to his own world.
------
ok, so this is an issue i thought i would soon have happen to me. it was in the middle of the night and my boyfriend got out of bed without realizing i was still awake. he went towards use the restroom and ended up taking a longer time than expected. i got up to see what the issue was, and there he was, jerking off while looking at his sleeping female guest in the living room. i watched for about 5 seconds and then made a noise to alert him i was watching him. he saw me, pulled his member back in his pants, and walked back to the bedroom. me completely in shock. i had no idea the man i've spent so many years with, was such a pervert. i feel violated and disgusted. i don't know how to even approach the next steps. we have an apartment together and have really built a life together. i cannot imagine myself forgiving him. what do i do? this happened today and i'll be going to work off no sleep. someone please help. update : there's a twist to this story i haven't said yet, and it's who the female guest is. she's my 59 year old mother. next update : i sent a text saying - i know what you did, don't think i'm dumb. we are having a very serious conversation tonight. his response copied and pasted - but i know your not stupid and i'm not going to play dumb l made a really bad decision by doing that there's no excuses and in no way will i be trying to defend what i did i'm going to take my repercussions whatever they may be i know you're not going to believe me but i've sorry i guess we'll talk more about it later. my response - me don't even know if i want to talk. just leave me the fuck alone. don't talk to me or text me. my next update : i kicked him out for a couple days. he's on his way to pick up a few things. i thought i was able to really speak about what happened last night, but i can't. i have so many thoughts and words i could yell but i feel no energy or want to go there. so i lay here alone crying my eyes out. wishing for a hug or someone to help me stay calm through this process. he already has sent me money to pay for the bills that are due. he's being mature and respectful. i'm being petty and angry and i have every right to be. the caring part of me is still asking where he's going. i shouldn't care but he's been my best friend and only friend for a long time. he says he'll be staying in his car. i tell myself i don't care. does it make me a stupid person if i still do care? anyways. i'm trying to stay strong and recover while alone. thank you so much for everyone's kind words. my final update : i couldn't bear leaving him out somewhere on the street. i've asked him to come back. we talked it through for over an hour now and yes he does fantasize about being caught. no he is not attracted to my mother. he regrets his decision fully. we laid out all of our dirty laundry. i do not forgive him for this and am not accepting this apology right away. i don't know whether or not i should forgive him. yes my rage level was through the roof today. i was irrational in some of my responses earlier to him. i've made it clear a therapist is completely needed for us to move forward. he is sleeping on the couch for a while and i am not looking for his comfort anytime soon. thanks to all who have given me constructive criticism and really helped me get through this hard conversation and reality i had to face. this man is my best friend. he did make a mistake and he is willing to work through whatever it takes to move forward. yes i can understand we can all be a little messed up at times and make stupid decisions. he's keeping his distance from me as requested. but i don't want to deprive him of our home as well. this may take months to truly come to terms with the situation at hand. and i may take months to fully figure out what direction in life i want to take. all i can do is try to stay as positive as possible and know i'll get through this with myself day by day. with or without him is still the question. btw i'm sorry i don't know if i'm supposed to be updating through comments or on here. i really haven't used reddit too much.
------
> except you couldn't give her space, talked about her sex life like you knew it better than she did, had a bunch of misplaced anger about her online dating profiles, and picked a fight with hank who just so happened to know dating her. your concept of time for all this is out of whack and your facts are wrong. my not giving her space was after two months of an unresolved conflict because of my anxiety over the situation. i messed up on that part and i own access to it. i did not speak of her sex life as if i knew it better than her. she complained to me that dating for her was hard because she has to have sex before marriage and that is all i ever spoke of in regards to her sex life and it was an accidental slip on my part at that. i have never been angry about having online dating profiles except in seeing that hank had replaced me. hank has never dated her!!! he asked her to hang out which was a date to him but to her it was just two friends hanging out. i talked to her about it specifically because that happened over a year ago and over 6 months before the falling out. > she did. she likes hank. end of story. no. she specifically said she only saw us both as friends which seems fine. even if she did decide she liked hank, i would've supported her even if mia disapproved. > sooo.... you knew information about hank all along, but so far have only shared it with mia in order to prevent her from being with him? it almost sounds like you did the exact same thing hank did when he told ben about you and pam.... no. i only told her what i said when she asked. she texted me saying he wanted to play a " game of questions " so i told her about how he bragged about using questions to get pam to fall in love with him. that was actually the only thing i ever did tell her about him. > you don'r get to decide other people's dealbreakers. i agree i don't but that was the dealbreaker she laid out and knowing hank, tom and i agreed that it would also be a dealbreaker for him in the best direction. this is a guy that flew halfway across the country to sleep with a girl he had been talking to online. > " she didn't discover anything "... " she listened to her friends who were saying exactly the same things as you "... so... she discovered that you still had feelings for her and were trying to sabotage things with hank. exactly what i said. got it. where did you even pull that second quote because i didn't say it. i've said it before and i'll say it again : i did not still have feelings for her and i wasn't trying to sabotage things with hank because there wasn't anything between her and hank. he even told me a month after her and i had mended things that he was over her because he realized she was selfish after she invited him to coffee to let him vent because she had been doing it so much to him but when they got there she started venting about her shit again. > yep. still not making sense. still not taking responsibility. how? one week we had an honest discussion after she snapped about it, i made it clear that i was over what i felt which she was glad to hear, and we made plans for the next week to go do something to destress because work, life, and money were all getting to her. she canceled after a family member took deadly ill. i gave her some space but something seemed off and when i asked she said she hadn't been communicating things with me like she should have. we agreed that a couple weeks apart might be best because i had been associated with all her stress. > so... she stopped spending time with you or talking to you. yep. that would be the same thing as " stopped being friends with you ". no. she gave me the silent treatment as she got over the anger that she apparently felt towards me after my simple observation. as for that observation, we still hung out regularly but any notion of something like a movie night at her place or mine was dismissed. > right up until she wanted to get a restraining order against you. sure dude. the threat was over 3 months after that and over a month after she said she was done being friends, something i have always respected. > except that no, not really at all. yes, yes it is.
------
as is the standard disclaimer, this took place on february 23, 2017.
for a few days my back had been hurting, but i didn't really care, as i was in my junior year of high school and i totally didn't care enough. worth mentioning was that i hadn't felt the need to poo for a full week.
to understand the importance of that statement, one has to understand that at the time i would take a crap regularly, as in once a day every day. so when i wasn't clearing my pipes, it was a matter for concern.
back to the morning of february 23, i was in pain. i couldn't sit up straight at school, i was constantly grunting to cope, but after the first few periods i was managing and it didn't hurt me too much. when school was out, i was feeling like cash money, and decided i wanted to take a nap. generally i don't like to wear a shirt at home, but at the time i was very into inspecting my abdomen to see how it was shaping up. classic teenage boy things.
anyways, after emptying the old trouser snake, i looked at my mirror and gave my midsection a peek. instead of the sight of my normally rather flat stomach, i was greeted to my body being curved. the left side of my body was considerably more concave than the right, and that's where it lined up with the hurt in my back. panic ensued as i informed my mother.
fast forward a half hour, and i'm being inspected at a clinic. of course, the doctors there are quite perplexed, and i need an x-ray. they inform me that i should probably head to the er, since they don't know what to do.
at the er, i of course get another x-ray. they wheel me around in a wheelchair, where i'm comically hunched to the side like the crooked man. i get scanned and it's back to a hospital bed with me. eventually, they pull my mother out to ask her a few questions and tell her what they think. at that point i'm going a mile minute, absolutely terrified of what it could be. one nurse mentioned kidney stones, which also happen to be one of my biggest fears.
imagine my surprise when my mom walks in with the doctor and asks me when the last time i "took a crap" was. i tried to recall and realized that i in fact could not remember. it was at that point the doctor informed me that i was absolutely filled with stool. i of course laughed, which hurt like the dickens. they gave me a muscle relaxant, pain killers, and a prescribed stool softener.
the next few days were spent with me trying to drop a deuce after drinking a cup of water mixed with powdered laxative. i was met with the sounds of rushing air and no real substance time and time again, until finally the gates opened and i took my first real number 2 in days.
to add to it, the more matter i defecated, the more relaxed the muscle became the straighter my body, so i was on a personal mission to push like my life depended on it.
tl;dr i ended up in the hospital because i couldn't give a shit and ended up spasming one of my back muscles. this was only remedied after days of trying to push some crap out with the help of medication.
edit from the toilet: it's kinda wild how many people have said they've had a similar or the same problem. we all need to fix our diets.
to clarify, what proooobably did it was me eating mini wheats cereal every morning for breakfast, a single nutella to go every lunch, and then whatever my mother made for dinner which tends to be high in protein, medium in carbs, and little fiber. i would also sneak a solid bowl or two after school of mini wheats for second lunch. love me some mini wheats.
------
and why would instagram not add an intent on android for the same feature?
oh, wait, just forget my previous comment entirely - they already support intents!
<url>
> if your application creates photos or videos and you would like your users to share them using instagram, you can use android intents to open your media in instagram's sharing flow.
> the examples below create an implicit intent which will then prompt the user to select the application they wish to send the media to. when triggered, instagram will immediately present the user with the crop screen.
with intents, your app can also pick a specific app to send it to (sharing directly to instagram), so that the user don't need to select a target app. so you can make tasker take a photo via another app, then hand it to instagram, then use autoinput to confirm sharing and uploading it. and autovoice can let you trigger it by voice command.
> i doubt tasker would be able to automatically upload your most recently modified photo from your photos library, for example.
hah. especially if you mean photo library on the phone's file system, that's absolutely trivial. and it can be done without your interaction being necessary.
in fact, it can start an upload when you connect your phone to wifi while on charging if that's what you wish.
> unlike shortcuts, which can find a particular photo (like most recently modified) through certain filters
rotflol. tasker can run python, bash scripts, or even ask other apps to process the data. you can have a machine learning app tell tasker which photos contain dogs, and then upload those automatically.
tasker is the "conductor", "project manager", "coordinator", or whatever you want to call it. it supports turing complete logic and endlessly nested logic if necessary. it can send data back and forth between other apps for processing, supports loops and conditionals, and has variables and a lot more.
> and pass that output to instagram which then handles that output, tasker would be unable to do it.
see above, they support intents.
> there's no option in instagrams normal interface to automatically select your most recently modified photo, that's only something shortcuts can do by passing a filtered output directly to instagram.
normal interface, lol. intents are apis, application programming interfaces. they're silent and seamless ways for apps to talk. and instagram makes it easy, it just asks the user to confirm once it's been sent a photo via the intent. and autoinput can handle even that.
------
in the recent chapter floch said something interesting so i came up with a theory.
yelena convinced floch to get her in contact with eren following zeke's orders. when yelena got to talk with eren she told him that peace with marley was impossible and that they would attack paradis soon. she convince him that he had to strike first to have a chance of survival. she might have told him bigger secrets and this forced eren to act because he realized that it was a necessary action. but there was a problem, hange and the military would not aprove eren, yelena and zeke's methods.
zeke and co knew that as soon as eren got back he would get imprisoned for insubordination. and that's why i think they planned to make eren king. if eren were to be the king of the walls, he would not need anyone's permission to act, they needed to find a legitimate way to make him king for people to accept it and that's where historia's role comes. if eren and historia where to have a child and announced that, the paradis people would immediately support him (we saw on this chapter that the populace approved eren's methods, they considered him the responsable for paradis's victory).
yelena instructed floch's group to reveal the information to the populace so to make eren accomplishments know and to make people doubt the military.
eren and co knew that the military would oppose so they concealed the identity of the father(eren), because if the military knew who the father was they would have forced historia to lose the baby(some of them held no respect for her). in their eyes eren cannot be trusted, he is too unpredictable and dangerous so the possibility of him becoming king was something unnaceptable. the military even said the it was good that the father(farmer) was someone who doesnt harm the lives of everyone else(i interpreted it as someone who has no power nor influence). historia's pregnancy would also prevent zeke's being eaten and buy them more time.
so that's why i think floch said "eren is the one who leads this nation" he knew the plan or at least the gist of it. he was so sure that eren is the one who leads because historia is close to delivery. he also demanded eren to be freed without fear because in his eyes hange and all the other officials are people that are going to get purged. why respect someone that's already defeated?
this could also explain why yelena was so relaxed when she got captured she was gonna get freed soon or maybe that's just her personality. if this theory is true she might also want to convice pixis. afterall pixis would join the side that saves more lives, but whose lives matter most for him?
if eren becomes king nothing will stop him to go full force against marley.
zeke might never have trusted paradis only eren. everything was planned and anticipated hange's reaction, the people's reaction and the military officials reaction. some people thought that the wine nikolo was carrying was poisoned, if they kill the people who would be against eren. wouldn't it will make his coronation even easier?
the people doesn't trust in the military so it will make it even more easier to accept the hero who archived victory in marley as the king of the walls the one who would make everything for paradis to survive.
sorry if a theory similar to this has already been posted. i didn't found anything like this so i did it. it could be completely wrong though.
------
> i just told you why this is a bad idea. plus, don't pretend that genn was the sole one to blame here. he prevented something much worse from occurring, regardless of motivations. genn is a strong leader despite his hatred for sylvanas.
okay, let's break this down.
the horde and alliance are at peace. the alliance have no good reason to think that the horde is trying to destroy them. sylvanas is going to find something to help her people continue to live. okay? we're all kosher here. we have two forces on the same side in a truce against the legion. and one side is trying to do something for the good of her people.
why do you assume sylvanas getting more val'kyr is bad for the alliance? the only way it would be bad for the alliance is if the horde was at war with the alliance. luckily for the alliance, they are not at war with the horde. in fact, they're on the same side. so sylvanas bolstering her people's ranks is good for the fight against the legion.
what she's doing doesn't seem to hurt our rep with the valarjar. despite knowing what sylvanas attempted, odyn is still perfectly happy to fight alongside us. he really only cares about might. and we proved our might. what sylvanas did did not compromise our mission at all. in fact, it might have actually won over helya to our side. helya might have been a powerful ally against the legion. the valarjar aren't necessarily the "good guys," and the helarjar aren't necessarily the "bad guys." the valarjar exist just because odyn got jealous of the dragon aspects and wanted his own personal army. the helarjar exist because odyn forced helya to become the first val'kyr against her wishes (kinda like an arthas-sylvanas scenario), and she resents him for that. neither of them is inherently good or evil. they are both pretty selfish factions. they are a neutral third party. maybe we would've been better off with the helarjar on our side. and we still could have gotten the aegis even if they were. after all, skovald almost managed to get it, and he was literally aligned with the burning legion.
so we can conclude that sylvanas managing to complete what she did would not have harmed our overall campaign against the legion. we still would've gotten the aegis. in fact, it may have actually helped us, because we might have been able to get the aid of the helarjar. who knows?
since it would not have harmed our overall mission, the only way that her getting more val'kyr would be a bad thing for the alliance is if she was the enemy of the alliance. but the reason she becomes an enemy of the alliance after this point is because *genn tries to assassinate her.*
so the very action you are trying to justify, him attempting to assassinate the warchief of the horde during a truce, is only possibly justified because he caused her to become the alliance's enemy by doing the action you are trying to justify. this is a fallacy called "begging the question." you are using your own conclusion as a premise to prove itself.
had genn not attacked her, you know what could have happened? the horde and alliance reconcile after the broken shore. sylvanas doesn't hold a grudge against the alliance for vol'jin dying because, let's face it, she doesn't actually care very much about vol'jin personally. and any faction that would be upset about vol'jin would be kept in line by the hard-ass sylvanas. the alliance would not hold a grudge against sylvanas because they would understand the reason why the horde had to retreat. the truce between the horde and the alliance continues through the end of legion. the burning legion is destroyed. sylvanas is given no reason to believe that the alliance will attempt to attack the horde. the truce keeps going on, anduin and sylvanas talk to each other. sylvanas tells him that she respected his father. they have the peace summit. anduin doesn't let calia show up. they part ways successfully. eventually, maybe there's peace. maybe even an alliance after more meetings like the successful one in arathi. and with an alliance, sylvanas having the val'kyr makes that alliance all the more powerful. and as a consequence of these successful meetings between forsaken and humans? the taboo of undeath goes away. we have loads more people like thomas zelling who are willing to be risen into undeath to remain in contact with their families. sylvanas gets to reunite with her sisters and her nephews. a happy ending for everybody.
any possibility like that was ruined by genn trying to kill sylvanas. his attack killed any good will there was between the alliance and the horde. because if they can't come together peacefully to destroy the fucking burning legion, then there is never a chance for lasting peace.
>even if this was a poor choice sending her, i don't believe in the slightest that it was anduin's fault. sylvanas is a person who takes no prisoners and asks no questions
which anduin knows. anduin knows how sylvanas would react to seeing calia there. and he still makes the decision to send her. that's acting in bad faith. anduin and calia are to blame for that meeting going south. without calia there, sylvanas might have been upset that she was proven wrong, but she would not have killed anyone.
anyway. i've used up more than enough time explaining all this to you, so i'm most likely not going to respond any further to you here or elsewhere (since you've responded to like 7 of my comments). edit: but good job downvoting it before even reading it.
------
>for some common human decency this long into a conversation i like to say the following: thank you for holding a conversation and dialogue, if heated, where two distinct opinions are not reduced to name calling drivel. its not an uncommon thing on the internet (but also not the most common), and by no means should it go unnoticed and unappreciated.
thanks, same for you.
>please note that was not how it was originally framed. you said, " secondly, the article just states "christians". ".
poor wording on my part. i meant the title of the article. how most people in the comment sections would look at the article, as just the title. definitely wrong of me and i'll edit my original post.
> your unease is that you feel like you and more over your identity structure is being attacked. that unease can be genuine and should not go unaddressed - you deserve to be heard.
what are you talking about? my identity structure isn't being attacked.
>taken in full i'd argue that the above is bible bashing and weird.
i'm not denying that bible-bashers do exist but that the term isn't neutral and is primarily used as a pejorative term by anti-theists.
>again, this all takes place after the first sentence that places the subject firmly on the defenders of the bishop and attackers of ariana grande.
and again, i respond, my main issue is with the title and it's vagueness which is designed to be pushed in certain communities (like this one) without further investigation.
>now i want to get to the meat of the conversation; you feel like atheists are anti-theists and literally such articles like this are attacking you as a christian.
i'm not a christian. i'm an atheist.
>but to cry and complain about atheists agenda? a group that has been basically targeted by all faiths' and sects' own agendas? that falls on deaf fucking ears, especially today when so much is still motivated by non-secular machinations.
i'm not complaining about the fact that atheists have an agenda, i'm complaining about poor articles like this one being used to push it.
>all atheists want is a secular world - a world where every little variation of theism has no direct affect on their lives - and that simply is not anti-christian. what that is a just world without presumption.
i want the exact same thing. i'm not saying atheism is anti-christian. i'm saying it's a poorly written article with a vague equivocal title that's designed to unfairly stir hostility towards people who don't deserve it.
>don't fear it because it wont do a damn thing to you so stop assuming atheists or r/atheism is against you.
i'm not fearing a secular world. i want one.
i'm not assuming anyone is against me, i just want better written articles that don't promote vague falsities designed so that an echo chamber can lap it up and say the same things over and over again.
------
in "when morning comes mistfall," the existence of cloud castle depends upon people believing in the lie that is the wraiths. so when the scientists go on the expedition to find out that the wraiths aren't real and discover the cruel truth of the planet, it straight-up makes the world worse. people are at least somewhat better off with the charlatans and the unanswered questions than they are with the truth (which is a reasonable position to have if you are a fantasy writer), because the sense of wonder is a beautiful and important thing.
this story makes the rather rare and daring claim that scientific discovery as an impulse with no boundaries is more of a threat to an established society than fanciful stories about magical monsters are.
in "the way of cross and dragon" the society of liars, which goes from world to world creating religions, is not positioned as malevolent. they make the worlds they go to better by giving people something to believe in, and in the end, their argument converts the main character, who goes from belief in intrinsic religion, to skepticism about religion, to belief in instrumental religion - religion for a purpose.
in "bitterblooms," which, like all of these, has a lot of deep irony in it, is about a lonely woman who desperately craves wonder, beauty, and human connection, and who finds it in this other woman on this derelict spaceship, who uses the spaceship interior viewscreens and archived recordings to convince the woman she has gone on all sorts of amazing journeys. when the woman discovers she has been lied to, she leaves in anger, but she goes on *actual* amazing journeys through the rest of her life, and still craves the intimacy and wonder of the lies she was told on the spaceship. she goes back to the spaceship to die, begging for the woman to lie to her again.
in "dying of the light," even though the whole warrior culture of the kavalar is framed as an archaic, farcical perversion of old survival practices, the existential self-realization of the main character depends on him accepting to a degree the precepts of that empty culture, and particularly its attitudes about violence and ritual combat. because in doing so he is making a meaningful choice on what to become as a person.
and that's kind of the angle here - it's an existential argument for framing our lives with "lies" - that our existence precedes our experience to the degree that objective truth and the self tend not to exist on the same level - that objective truth is a crappy and inhospitable place to be human - and that along with being a being comes a certain power and freedom to frame the way you believe and live in a way that serves what you need - and also an opportunity to improve the lives around you by considering them as beings with needs rather than as manifestations of truth.
------
this is hilarious, but as an ai programmer let me shed some light: those guys miss on purpose. instant headshots are easy to calculate. if you play simulated billiards against an ai, it could sink every shot every time, too.
the trick with ai like this isn't to make it hit. the trick is to make it miss in a way that makes sense in the context of the game, and generally to have a hit/miss ratio that we chalk up as believable. (also pathfinding is expensive, and other various things to make the ai seem more "realistically alive." but none of that is relevant when they are standing in range like this.)
...but! what's going on in this scene is clearly not even an attempt at a realistic hit/miss ratio, and there's a good reason why. you see that hit/miss ratio when you're engaged in combat and they're shooting at you.
in this particular case, the programmers have the ais in a "make some noise but don't hurt one another" mode, while they wait for the player to engage. assuming the player was actually fully in motion the entire time, this behavior would be ideal because it would appear that there are allies there helping, but you'd get all the action. if the police ai went sniping all your targets, or even many of them, you'd get pissed fast. so either the number of allies would have to go down, or the number of enemies would have to go up, or something along those lines.
assuming the player is always in motion, the approach these programmers took is probably sufficient. however, as you can see it looks ludicrous when the player stops and just watches.
that enters yet another really tricky ai problem... deciding when to switch modes. these guys should clearly be doing something else, or even should be allowed to hit one another, in this scenario. but how do you detect "this scenario?" how do you know the player is watching and not just looking up for a moment? looking away and having the ai suddenly turn on you would not be fun. are we going to calculate that the player is facing these guys and they're in the view frustum and the player has not made an aggressive move for x amount of time?
...yeah, something like that. and it will eat some cpu and some programmer hours for those guys. such is life.
related story: the lead designer of god of war (the original) was talking about how players really increase the load of work by doing "illogical" things. basically they had this amazing vista at the start of that game, with all sorts of enticing things to draw you forward. but the first thing most seasoned gamers would do is turn around and run at the background behind them, seeing if they could jump into the geometry. this drove him nuts.
i can't remember if he made the next connection or if i did, but the interesting thing is that this is players testing the limits of the new world they are in. do they die in water? is there fall damage? can they climb things? are there secrets? multiple paths? what type of scenery indicates an obstacle? like a toddler just learning to explore the real world by experimentation, every time we're in a new game or franchise we go through that same process of exploration.
it creates hella work for designers and programmers, though, who typically only think of gamers playing their title the "right" way. why would you run away from the interesting stuff? why would spiderman just sit there and watch the enemy instead of having fun bashing his head in? etc.
nintendo is one that really nailed this lately with breath of the wild. there's a lot you never see unless you specifically just sit and watch the enemies having wordless arguments and picking their noses and roasting fish and such. it's pointless, but grounds the game in a way that enemies shooting and missing constantly does not.
hopefully a future patch addresses this, but i know why it is this way and it isn't bad ai. it's a design oversight.
------
" what's the point of leaving him dead for so long? " because immediately resurrecting him would somewhat undercut the consequences of his death at the very end of dance. jon's death was a major event it had a whole book building up to it ; his resurrection will be even more impactful so it will need building up as opposed to it being a blink - and - you'll - miss your moment. plus, winds is going to be dense enough as it is with all their ground they have to cover ; he himself has admitted that the story has become over bloated with povs so he'll likely spend most of the book resolving those stories and b - plots. " what narrative purpose would it serve. " several. for starters, it would parallel lady stonehearts resurrection. the length at which his body would be damaged and preserved would further drive home that resurrection is not a clean process. we'd be able to learn about what resurrection as a fire wight actually means, presumably through melisandre's point of view. and we'd sideline a character that quite frankly doesn't seem will have a whole lot to do in winds apart from cleaning up the political mess at castle black, maybe. " this goes for people wanting him to stay dead too. " now i really had said that just to bark back at that one jackass. " the last jedi " the last jedi didn't fail narratively so it subverted expectations. the last jedi failed narratively because it simply didn't follow through with its subversion in its 3rd act. it spent the first two - thirds challenging our theory of the jedi and raising good points only to undo all of them at the end where it was all like " jk ya'll the jedi are awesome and are totally gonna stick around! " tlj chickened out. grrm doesn't have that problem. if he's setting us up for a rug pull with jon, you can bet that it's going to be interesting. but like i said in my root comment, i do think that we'll get jon's pov but not as jon. i think will get a ghost pov as i think that's been what all of the wolf dream's have been leading too. i think all three of the stark skinchangers will get direwolf chapters where they merge with black wolves after death whereas jon will be the first. jon will have to battle to retain his sense of self after warging ghost, i think, so he'll be fighting an internal battle throughout winds. perhaps bran and bloodraven will drop in on him, idk. but i do think we'll get jon's pov but it'll be different from what we got in order to serve yet another narrative purpose. in the books, it's well - established that resurrection changes its victims ( and i do think that's the right word ) and sometimes quite severely ( like with patchface ). so the jon who died is not the jon who will wake up. and i think that reducing jon's roll to a few pov chapters inside ghost will allow see how his mindset changes over time and serve as a good transition to the new version of the character that we'll follow in dream.
------
> i don't believe god intentionally causes it. again, not really relevant. if the god is responsible for the creation of the world and is omniscient then it knew what would happening. suppose someone is making a parking meter or similar device to be placed on walkways next to pedestrians. if they make that device randomly shoot one sharp metal shrapnel then they must anticipate that it will potentially hit nearby people, and given enough time would result in injury. if that person had perfect knowledge of the past, present, and future then they would * know * what injury it would cause. an omniscient god deciding to make a planet where earthquakes and hurricanes happen would have known for certain what harm i was causing to humans, and yet intentionally did so. i also notice you are pointedly avoiding discussing malaria in specific. " oh, hurricanes are just thermodynamics... " well what about malaria is necessary to fundamental physical law? your deliberate avoidance of this question i have repeatedly posed with approaching deliberate deception and intellectual dishonesty. > your argument also supposes that his world is made entirely for man, which is preposterous. first, that is a typically christian viewpoint. ask most christians if they think the world was made for humans and you will get an affirmative. second, it doesn't really matter. if god put humans on earth then it is responsible for how it made earth, or are you proposing the god couldn't have made a sufficiently appropriate location and just had to drop humans on whatever was available? > your argument comes across as overly emotional. address the argument, not any personal subjective side of the argument. arguing with passion doesn't invalidate the point. > it basically points out that malaria and earthquakes exist and and you presume to paint them as evil. these are commonly agreed to as " natural evil " as in reference to the classic " problem of evil ". a more modern phrasing would be something along the lines of " unnecessary suffering ". it need not be termed " evil " in the sense of being unethical, rather the point is being made that god making it so children's eyeballs are eaten out by parasites is a suffering which need not exist. how can you call a being which causes gratuitous suffering " good " or " all - loving "? > it's inherently emotional and without a shred of logic. have you truly never heard of the problem of evil? you are acting like one of the great philosophical dilemmas has zero foundation.
------
naaah, it's about fallout.
basically, the democrats are playing for time. they are stretching it, and wouldn't you know, they are openly hoping this keeps them busy as long as possible.
in a rational world, simplest response ever.
not a paperclip gets moved, untill she goes under oath, and gives all the detaills she is capable of. plus publically charges him. if she does not go under oath for half a year, publically clear his name.
i mean, that was what i thought of the criminal justice system. extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof.
and i would be far more lax in the investigations if a fair standart was guaranteed.
and make no thing of it. if he is guilty, exactly, not an issue with taking him out. but if the pure act of an accusation is enough to take action, and defy the will of the people, sure... hand me the list of democratic candidates, i am sure i can find someone to say they viciously dicked them, so we canm uindefinitively block any action of any democratic nominee, while the fbi is busy background checking them.
after all, buster, what do i have to lose? nothing, as not a single soul would dream of punishing anybody for rape allegations. what do i have to gain? well, i could block everybody with a d in front of their name from taking action, ever again. i mean, if they are innocent, what would they have against a thorough check, i mean, it's a rape case, for gods sake, however, if they are guilty, that position deserves to be wiped clean of that shitstain of a democrat.
oh, and we are not actively bullying and harassing democrats. we are just looking which democrat publically calls for things, or is bound to generate publicity, and we are choosing fox news to remind them that despite the maybe excellent thing that person did, he is still under ionmvestigation by the fbi due to rape claims, so he can't be that good of a person.
the traditional idea is, i put my name behind my claims. if i can publically make this claim, i can stand with it with my name. i can put my hand on a bible, or my current religious work of choice, and swear that i am here in front of a court to tell nothing but the truth and the whole truth so help me god. and surprise, there is basic fairness, if i am unable to prove my claims nothing happens, but if i lie under oath, and the other side can prove it, well, sucks to be me, right?
the idea of prejury is a bit rich, coming from a democrat who stood behind his party as it stood behind james "i swear we don't put members of congress under the same illegal surveillance as the rest of americans" comey, or dick "i swear there were weapons of mass destruction, we did not intentionally lie to europeans to commit war crimes, we were sorry" cheyney. if it was equally applied to never trump supporters as to not trump supporters, sure, let them have it. but the second a never trump button functionally shields you from all investigation, and we have an investigation of a group of people , it kind of is a mens rights issue.
because we kind of allow it and stand by when we believe someone, just on the basis of their genital configuration, against someone else of the opposite genital configuration, when never in a million years we would do the same if the genders were reversed.
and i bet you would also oppose the idea that functionally, at this point, we do not klnow who raped whom, and one side is not willing to testify, so how about the state fills an automatic summons against this lady to aoppear in front of a judge, and since it is against a soon to be judge, we put a shoot to kill order out if she so much as tries to leave the state, and send a swat team to get her, with express orders to treat her like a possible rapuist if she resists appearing in front of a judge.
after all, please, mister mod, under @alleyria repeatedly and viciously raped me, gave me a very thorough dicking, could you suspend his account and launch a full scale investigation on all his posts before he has a chance to publically defend himself? and ban him while you investigate? pretty please, because i said so?
i mean, if he is innocent, he won't have anything against the investigation, if he is guilty, he does not have any place on reddit, or in the public eye.
------
for those who don't want to follow the twitter rabbithole : > declaration of julie swetnick > i, julie swetnick, declare as follows : > \ 8. i observed brett kavanaugh drink excessively at many of these games and engage in abusive and physically aggressive behavior toward girls, including pressing girls against him without their consent, " rubbing " against girls, and attempting to remove or shift girls'clothing to expose private body parts. i likewise observed him be verbally abusive towards girls by making crude sexual comments to them that were designed to demean, humiliate and embarrass them. i often witnessed brett kavanaugh speak in a demeaning manner about girls in general as well as specific girls by name. i also witnessed brett kavanaugh behave as a " mean drunk " on many occassions at these parties. > \ 9. i have been told by other women that this conduct also occurred during the summer months in ocean city, maryland on numerous occasions. i also witnessed such conduct on one occasion in ocean city, florida during " beach week. " >. i have reviewed brett kavanaugh's recent claim on fox news regarding his alleged " innocence " during his high school years and lack of sexual activity. this claim is absolutely false and a lie. i witnessed brett kavanaugh consistently engage in excessive drinking and inappropriate contact of a sexual nature with women during the early 1980s. >. during the summers 1981 - 82, i became aware of efforts by mark judge, brett kavanaugh and others to " spike " the " punch " at house parties i attended with drugs and / else grain alcohol so so to cause girls to lose their inhibitions and their ability to say " no. " this caused me to make an effort to purposely avoid the " punch " at these parties. i witnessed efforts by paul judge, brett kavanaugh and others to " rush " particular girls so they could be taken advantage of ; it was usually a girl that was especially vulnerable because she was alone at the party or shy. >. i also witnessed efforts by mark judge, brett kavanaugh and others to cause girls to become tense and disoriented so they could then be " gang raped " in a side room or bedroom by a " train " of numerous boys. also have a firm recollection of seeing boys lined up outside rooms at many of these parties waiting for their " turn " with a girl inside the room . these boys included mark judge and brett kavanaugh. >. in approximately 1982, i became the victim of one of these " gang " or " train " rapes where mark judge and brett kavanaugh were present. shortly after the incident, i shared what had transpired with at least two other people. during the incident, i was incapacitated without my consent and unable to fight off the boys raping me. i believe i was drugged using quaaludes or something similar placed in what i was drinking. >. i am aware of other witnesses that can attest to the truthfulness of each of the statements above. > i declare, under penalty of perjury and under the laws of the united states of america, that the foregoing is true and correct. i have executed this declaration on september 25, 2018.
------
my ex pretended to be a victim to throw me in jail. the guns were icing on the cake because she knew how i took care of them. she also resented that i wouldn't give her access to my gun safe, even though she would self harm in front of me and not stop no matter what i said. she was really messed up, and the whole thing really messed me up.
she continued the abuse after i got out of jail and it lasted for years. the only reason i didn't end up back in jail is because i made sure i was around other people at all times and i meticulously gps tracked myself 24/7.
if you don't think an abuser would take away something from a victim because they know the victim values it, i just don't even know what to say to you. that's what they do.
she also tried to trash my career, which she was at least partially successful at.
she and her mother also took out civil protection orders on me (to take my guns after i got out of jail). i guess they didn't think there would be a hearing where the reasons they requested a cpo would be reviewed, because they lied left and right on the cpo blatantly and multiple times, in ways that were fortunately easily disprovable.
i took care of my grandmother for ten years, this happening during that time and she tried destroying that, too. anything to break me down because she lost the ability to play me like a puppet.
oh and the reason all of this started?
because i told her i was taking the rest of her stuff she kept leaving at my house to her parents, so she didn't have any excuse to keep dropping by like she liked to do. this was after she flew into a rage and struck me in the face because i told her i wasn't going to continue paying her car insurance after we broke up.
you're trying to demonize gun owners and pretend like our guns don't or shouldn't matter. they do. my only family heirloom from my dead grandpa was among the guns they confiscated. my guns matter to me, they're how i defend myself and someone was literally lying to the cops without restraint or decency just because i wanted her out of my life. that's exactly when i wanted a gun most!
i have a feeling if i was a woman being victimized by someone pretending to be the abused you'd care. instead i have to go through the whole sordid mess just to try to get through to you how emphatically important this is to me. that i am real and this abuse happened, and i'm not alone. i'm more outspoken about it than most guys i know, which prefer to suffer in silence because that's what men are supposed to do.
this is not something to be scoffed at and written off with a derisive laugh. this is the unintended consequence of passing more and more and more laws without a second thought. when the laws on the books aren't being enforced as is!
not every problem can be solved by making another law.
oh, and the best part: she didn't get in any trouble whatsoever every time she lied, no matter how blatantly. i would just have to disprove whatever she made up, and fortunately i was meticulous and paranoid to survive it. there only person that could press charges is city prosecutor, and i was told that nobody wanted the bad publicity of scrutinizing a victim claiming she was abused. that she was the abuser was irrelevant, it would be a pr nightmare either way.
i had a cousin with a psychotic wife i was close to. she loved abusing him, too. he refused to view it as abuse though, because he's a man and real men don't get hurt enough to really matter.
well, that held true until he put a gun in his mouth after his wife told him many times to kill himself whenever he'd tell her about his feelings. he killed himself. her feelings we're of utmost importance, though. funny how that works.
people being abused by people pretending to be the victim is a real problem. i don't know how else to get through to you.
------
i had a situation where i spent more than my usual <cur>500, and ended up waiting six weeks for glasses instead of 10 days. in that time, it was really difficult to contact the physical store, they got my prescription completely wrong, made multiple mistakes with the glasses, and didn't ev n check to see if they actually fit or worked for me when i collected them. in over 20 years of wearing glasses, this was the first time i tried somewhere different, and it was horrendous. that particular time, i needed fast turn around as i had only recently noticed how bad my distance vision was, ended up with all those delays and was travelling alone a couple of weeks later, so being able to read signs was crucial.
where i live 10 days is actually quite a long time. most people i know get theirs in half that, even from the same store. i just have so many modifications. the thinning of the lenses is the biggest cost, but is necessary on any frames that actually suit me.
also.. just because glasses look good doesn't mean they are comfortable. i have tried on loads of pairs that looked great, but when i thought about it, didn't feel right, usually because of the nose piece.
i am considering a supposedly cheaper place next time i replace, but only if i'm really happy with them. the one time i tried something else damaged my ability to trust other opticians so badly, that the cost is worth the peace of mind.
also.. your attitude about breaking, and who cares when their so cheap.. thats unsettling. the only time i ever broke glasses was about three years ago through my own mishandling. my glasses go through a hell of a lot with me, because i'm clumsy, and always come out well. i have smashed my face off more things than i care to count, and there's nary a scratch. they have been flung across rooms, ended up in a fridge.. none of this is ever intentional.. but i know that, if a lens pops out, i will have it fixed free of charge the next day, whilst i wait.
checked the site, and they won't tell you where they ship to until you're paying.. also, minimum 21 day shipping it seems.. which could stretch to months if there are any problems.. this is genuinely a case where going too cheap would make me really uneasy. frugal isn't always about spending the least possible.
i'm actually thinking that next time, if i don't go elsewhere, that i'm just going to reuse the frames. that will cut my costs by about <cur>130. (yes, two pairs of frames for <cur>130... the rest of the cost is down to modifications to the lenses - both with anti glare, and thinned down, and one pair reaction lenses. it's the thinning that costs the bulk).
------
> let's recap events:
>
> you introduced your new friend mia to your group of friends.
> you fell for mia, but sadly, mia did not fall for you.
> you proceeded to pretend to be ok with this in order to save the friendship, all the while secretly sabotaging any attempts for her to get close to any other men... especially those in your friends group (i think there was some other stuff there as well, but you glossed right over the rest).
> when she discovered this she essentially stopped being your friend and becca cut all ties.
> eventually mia caved and half-heartedly made nice with you, but you guys weren't as close.
> since you no longer had as much access to mia, you focused your obsessions on hank instead.
> when hank/mia threatened restraining orders, ben stepped in to let you know how far you crossed the line.
> you then petulantly proceeded to pick a fight with ben about some random meaningless bullshit and thus burnt your only remaining bridge.
you are really reaching with all of this.
yes, i introduced mia to my group of friends and yes i had feelings for her but she did not return them.
i wasn't pretending to be okay with that to save the friendship, i was okay with that. i did not secretly set out to sabotage any attempts for her to get close to any other men, i would've been extremely happy for her if she met a guy she really liked. with hank, i only told her actual facts when she mentioned them and i first warned her about him before he took an interest. the only fact i told her by the way, was the one about his "game of questions" and it was after she texted me about it. either way, her religious beliefs such as waiting until marriage made everyone within my group a deal breaker which tom agreed with me on.
she didn't discover anything. she had a need for validation that spikes when she is stressed. she worried about my feelings despite me always saying i was just going to get over them and she turned to her friends who took one sided information and jumped to conclusions just like you have been doing. numerous times i was on the receiving end of that need for her when something regarding her roommate stressed her out but i could actually mitigate those concerns and calm her down.
when you say she "cut ties" before made nice with me is not at all what happened. we took 2 weeks of agreed upon space while she went home because of how stressed she was and the fact that i had become apart of that thanks to her friends and her not communicating with me her concerns about my now past feelings. after that trip, we talked and the first thing she said was that she should've spoken up sooner. we also agreed that maybe we became close friends too quickly. the reason we stopped talking for two more weeks is because i pointed out that before the feelings she invited herself over to my house but afterwards any notion of getting together to watch a movie or tv show was dismissed. it was something that hurt but i understood why and it was something that made her feel analyzed and judged. we ended out call with potential plans the next week and her saying she would still let me know about them. she never did and i was left wondering why i was getting the silent treatment for two weeks until i finally reached out to ask what was going on. that is when we worked our shit out and went back to being friends again.
as i said in my other comment, things were normal between us again. we still hung out and i was even the person she called when she got locked out which led to a really nice night that showed she trusted me again when she opened up about some health issues she was dealing with. i never asked about it besides noting a cotton ball on her arm when i first picked her up to which she said she would tell me later and there she was talking to me about her period an hour later without being asked about what was going on.
everything else you said is pure fiction.
------
> i just told you why this is a bad idea. plus, don't pretend that genn was the sole one to blame here. he prevented something much worse from occurring, regardless of motivations. genn is a strong leader despite his hatred for sylvanas. okay, let's break this down. the horde and alliance are at peace. the alliance needs no good reason to think that the horde is trying to destroy them. sylvanas is going to find something to help her people continue to live. okay? we're all kosher here. we have two forces on the same side in a truce against the enemy. and one side is trying for do something for the good of her people. why do you assume sylvanas getting more val'kyr is bad for the alliance? the best way it would go bad for the alliance is if the horde was at war with the alliance. luckily for the alliance, they are not at war with the horde. in fact, those're on the same side. so sylvanas bolstering her people's ranks is good for the fight against the legion. what she's doing doesn't seem gonna hurt our rep with the valarjar. despite knowing what sylvanas attempted, odyn is still perfectly happy to fight for us. he really only cares about might. and we proved our might. what sylvanas did did not compromise our mission at all. in fact, it might have actually won over helya to our side. helya might have been a powerful ally against the legion. the valarjar aren't necessarily the " good guys, " and the helarjar aren't necessarily the " bad guys. " the valarjar exist just because odin got jealous of the dragon aspects and wanted his own personal army. the helarjar exist because odyn forced helya to become the first hal'kyr against her wishes ( kinda like an arthas - sylvanas scenario ), and she resents him for that. neither of them is inherently good or evil. they are both pretty selfish factions. they are a neutral third party. maybe we would've been better off with the helarjar on our side. and we still could have gotten the aegis even if they were. after all, skovald almost managed to get it, and he was literally aligned with the burning legion. so we can conclude that sylvanas managing to complete what she did would not have harmed our overall campaign against the legion. we still would've gotten the aegis. in fact, it may have actually helped us, because we might have been able to get the aid of the helarjar. who knows? since it would not have harmed our overall mission, the only way that her getting more val'kyr would be a bad thing for the alliance is if she was the enemy of the alliance. but the reason she becomes an enemy of the alliance after this point is because * genn tries to assassinate her. * so the very action you are trying to justify, him attempting to assassinate the warchief of the horde during a truce, is only possibly justified because he caused her to become the alliance's enemy by doing the action you are trying to justify. this is a fallacy called " begging the question. " you are using your own conclusion as a premise to prove itself. had genn not attacked her, you know what could have happened? the horde and alliance reconcile after the broken shore. sylvanas doesn't hold a grudge against the alliance for vol'jin dying because, let's face it, she doesn't actually care very much about vol'jin personally. and any faction that would be upset about vol'jin would be kept in line by the hard - ass sylvanas. the alliance would not hold a grudge against sylvanas because they would understand the reason why the horde had to retreat. the truce between the horde and the alliance continues through the end of legion. the burning legion is destroyed. sylvanas is given no reason to believe that the alliance will attempt to attack the horde. the truce keeps going on, anduin and sylvanas talk to each other. sylvanas tells him that she respected his father. they have the peace summit. anduin doesn't let calia show up. they part ways successfully. eventually, maybe there's peace. maybe even an alliance after more meetings like the successful one in arathi. and with an alliance, sylvanas having the val'kyr makes that alliance all the more powerful. and as a consequence of these successful meetings between forsaken and humans? the taboo of undeath goes away. we have loads more people like thomas zelling who are willing to be risen into undeath to remain in contact with their families. sylvanas gets to reunite with her sisters and her nephews. a happy ending for everybody. any possibility like that was ruined by genn trying to kill sylvanas. his attack killed any good will there was between the alliance and the horde. because if they can't come together peacefully to destroy the fucking burning legion, then there is never a chance for lasting peace. > even if this was a poor choice sending her, i don't believe in the slightest that it was anduin's fault. sylvanas is a person who takes no prisoners and asks no questions which anduin knows. anduin knows how sylvanas would react to seeing calia there. and he still makes the decision to send her. that's acting in bad faith. anduin and calia are to blame for that meeting going south. without calia there, sylvanas might have been upset that she was proven wrong, but she would not have killed anyone. anyway. i've used up more than enough time explaining all this to you, so i'm most likely not going to respond any further to you here or elsewhere ( since you've responded to like 7 of my comments ). edit : but good job downvoting it before even reading it.
------
the difference is that ubi and welfare gives you a stable income.
lottery and suits are a one time surge of money that you didn't expect to get in the first place. of course you'd spend your lottery money on luxuries - that's why you played it in the first place.
no one reasonable buys lottery in hopes to go back to school to get a stable job and get their finances in order.
with welfare, ubi and other similar socialist schemes, you're giving financial stability to the poor in hopes that they now have the safety net required to get their shit together, get an education and a good job so that, one day, they too will have a good enough income that it can be taxed and then turned into social nets for the other less fortunate.
it just so happens that a lot of welfare programs actually create an inconvenient ceiling that makes improving your finances counterproductive in practice. ubi is an attempt to remedy this by changing the formula so that you're not forced into constantly applying to and accepting jobs that otherwise wouldnt be good fits, or falling into a financial dead zone where a job would leave you with less income at the end of the day.
its not, as you put it, for the lazy and entitled. if anything that sort of attitude comes off as far more entitled than anything else. it says "yeah helping the poor is nice but what about me???"
in a country with socialist ideals and systems, everyone benefits from the poor doing better and contributing to society. but as a lot of poor or used to be poor people will say, being poor is expensive as hell.
you will be forced to make short term financial decisions with long term consequences just to keep afloat, and in the end never truly improve your situation over time.
ubi and a lot of other similar systems hope to remedy that. it might not be perfect, just like a lot of past welfare projects werent perfect, but at least they're trying to make a change for the better.
what kind of change are you trying to make to better the lives of the poor? aside of course from your hollier than thou attitude and calling people down their luck lazy and entitled because you were fortunate enough to have a financially stable family that could support you.
and i'm not guilting anyone who's had any kind of "priviledge" as they call it. if your family can afford to send you to a good school so that you can make enough of a living for yourself that you give more in taxes than you get back from the government, then god bless you. your income is passively helping fund those welfares and ubis thatll help the less fortunate.
but if you decide to insult those people that need help comfortably behind a computer screen while acting migthier than everyone else, then you sir are, quite frankly, being a dick.
------
> it doesn't apply to 51% attacks because 51% attacker is using the software in exactly the same way for exactly the same purpose as the 49% on the other side.
that is a very good point. i hope it would hold up in court, but i suspect it wouldn't, because in courts logic and facts don't always matter. often, what matters is money and keeping up a good public image.
> if we consider 51% attacks illegal
i don't consider it illegal, but i bet the government would, if a service like coinbase and/or their customers lost millions of dollars because of it. (actually it wouldn't be "because of" the 51% attack -- it would be because of their own stupid decision to trust a blockchain that has weak security. but they, of course, would claim it wasn't their fault, and i think their money and "good public image" would talk loudly in their favor.)
perhaps if we spread awareness better -- a sort of meme or something like "bch has a built-in backdoor: the 51% attack" or "bch: the low-security blockchain" -- and if we connect that security hole with public knowledge, that might help in case a 51% attack on bch ever goes to court. the defense could make an argument such as the following:
> hey, they were warned far ahead of time; bch has a built-in backdoor which is an integral part of its dev's choice to continue using bitcoin's mining protocol with a low hash rate. everyone knew that they kept doing this even after being warned about it; everyone knew that someone with a lot of hash power could do a successful double-spend at any time; everyone knew they chose to keep the backdoor in place in the code. they called it a 'feature,' telling miners that bch was good for them because they didn't have to change to a new hash function.
> can we be blamed for using a 'feature' that they bragged about? they intentionally designed the software so that you could do this; it's in the whitepaper that they widely claim represents their coin: 'the majority decision is represented by the longest chain, which has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested in it.' we warned everyone that their decision to keep bitcoin's hash function made them susceptible to a double-spend, but they bragged that using the same hash function was a feature not a bug. so when we used this 'feature' to do the very thing mentioned in their white paper as okay, we get sued? how is that fair?
the problem i see is that the whitepaper which they claim represents their coin explicitly calls this an attack. the very way we talk about 51% "attacks" involves using language that assigns blame. it makes it very hard to legally defend someone's right to do this when we call it an "attack" and the white paper contrasts such an attack with "honest[y]."
------
ok take it easy i didn't think you were going to answer. so thanks for doing so. i do not expect or want you to be "terse". i am genuinely interested if you have something to say. i love theories. i don't care how outlandish they are (well maybe a bit).
so, arya is going to take jamie's face and kill cersei? this means arya will kill jamie?
i've consciously tried to not to consider lotr in asoif so this comparison has unsettled me. i have never considered that george would use the same premise (reforging a sword) to tell his story. so, i am skeptical.
to me it, seems that because tolkien used reforging a sword... that george would purposely not do it. i don't think he would want to be compared to tolkien or be accused of using tolkiens idea. this is george's masterpiece, his contribution to the fantasy genre that would make him "immortal" in the way that tolkien is. so, i assumed he would never do it. (maybe i shouldn't have been so sure of myself)
i do think that plunging a sword into a lions heart has some merit. and it would be cool if this resulted in lightbringer. especially if oathkeeper and widows wail were reforged into ice. (or perhaps a new named sword.)
i am interested in who would wield this sword.
but, why would arya kill jamie. i mean lannisters and starks do not like each other but arya is a kid (or at least a very young player) and unsophisticated in the nuts and bolts of politics. but ok, she gains this knowledge. she kills jamie.
and here i have a problem. jamie has a redemption arc in the story. i think he has a role to play in the future of westeros so i have trouble erasing (killing) jamie.
i think his arc is one of the more interesting transformations. the big payoff, story wise, is that jamie remembers what he had to do to to save the people of kings landing the first time and makes a conscious effort to remove himself from making that decision by avoiding cersei the second time.
i think this is a very important crossroad for jamie and the story as a whole.
if you take away jamie's autonomy (by giving him blind loyalty to cersie) the story suffers. it becomes predictable in a long line of fantasy stories. but if he rejects cersei and embraces his autonomy and makes a decision based on what is best for westeros.(or rejects cerseis as a mad queen) given the chance, i think he kills cersei. especially if she is on the verge of lighting up kl with wildfire. especially if cersei forces the issue which she would undoubtedly do. given cersei.
this outcome imo would serve the story better. yeah arya is a badass and she wants to kill the queen. but having the person who has used jamie, and who he has trusted, and shared an incestuous relationship with. someone who has manipulated him every step of the way... to be brought down by the one person she thought she had complete control over is just fucking epic.
it's a much better payoff than arya kills jamie and steals his face to kill cersei. because there is a foundation of lies and deceit from cersei. she has been using jamie since they were children. it's just poetic that the person she has used and manipulated is the one to end her.
------
i definitely get what you mean with all of this. you could have described my own boyfriend in some ways, and my own anxieties. these weeks, like him not being'strong'enough, or him not stuck up for you, this all happened to me basically. examples : my guy is non - confrontive as can am and we've had fights about this a few times. mostly because our house are trash, serious trailer trash, with three little kids, and they are noisy all your time, from 6 am to about 7 - 8 pm. it's impossible for me to sleep later than 5 : 30 / 6 when they start making noise and i can't work at home most of the times... he knows this affects me ( obviously! ) and especially my mental health... but he does not want to speak to other neighbours. ( i can't myself, because they speak 0 english and i don't speak their language... i moved country to be with my boyfriend ). there haven't really been any other situations where he needed to stick up for me, and i do think he would if i were insulted in front of him ( he did when it happened ) but with the neighbours, he just wants to keep the peace and all. the same with his body... he's very tall and very thin... and all the people i'm attracted to usually have... well, are not really chubby but have a kind of flesh on them, if you get what i mean, and i've started to find him really really unsexy because he's just so gangly. in a way, then, we're in a completely similar situation, and i can understand you very well! my depression is getting worse because of it, and my'm confused about everything, because i do love my boyfriend, i just don't know if love is enough to stay together. i don't want to leave ( yet ) either, because well, i do love him. how is it for you? do you imagine you might be happier with someone else or on your own? i think about this a lot personally. i don't want to be alone, but the points above, plus the fact that my boyfriend and i seem to have very little in common lately ( he doesn't care about things i like, like reading, etc. and i don ' t care about his boring programming job at a boring company at all ) makes it really really hard. it's so... difficult to admit it, but sometimes i feel like maybe we just don't mesh any more. we did, for a time, and it was so nice, and i want to hold on to it, but if i met my boyfriend right now, we'd never go further than being maybe - friends. like you already mentioned, it's a lot like simply being roommates, and we don't often have sex either because there we're incompatible too ( i'd love to have a more dominant boyfriend, but at the same time, he wants to have a dominant girlfriend in bed, which i really am not and don't feel comfortable to be ). i'm sorry i made this post so much about me. i'm hoping you find this information valuable, and maybe can draw some conclusions for yourself about your own situation. you know, i don't know you, but i think you're just young, like me, and probably confused. this situation with your boyfriend is not healthy, and i might even call it abusive, but it has a lot of self - abuse in it. you might disagree with that, but maybe there's some kind of truth in it. there's only so many issues you can'work on'as a couple, but if you don't feel at home with his family and he is openly rude to you ( like at the marathon ) this suggests a lack of respect from him and his family both. i am lucky because my boyfriend's mom is really nice to me, and his dad too, but what you're going through sounds horrible! these people don't seem to respect you at all, no wonder you're starting to blame yourself! if everyone around me, and especially my partner, were putting me down ( the dad is doing this by showing you such disrespect! ), i'd start to question myself ( my appearance, my way of being / thinking ) too! but you shouldn't. they are the jackasses, not you. as far as the news goes... i understand it's difficult to cut it out, and maybe you don't have to, but you should definitely screen what exactly you read in detail. of course you want to be informed, and you're probably in the us, so you get a lot of trump ( - sexist ) - bullshit, but maybe you can read headlines only and only go in depth when it's really relevant. however, i still think the issues are not the news, but much closer to home, and once you've solved them, you'll be able to read the news and detach from them just fine. ps : wear ponytails! they're so nice on red - haired gals.
------
if by " they ", you are talking about the person that nearly got you kicked out of there. then yes, they are blameless. i know it's a tough pill to swallow but that was up to you making a poor decision. the consequences you suffered for your actions were, by your own admission, not without precedent. e. g. chaps who lost their jobs in law after making a few dark jokes in a group chat. perhaps it is not fair ( imo it is ) but you should have known better. also, maybe try seeing it a bit from the perspective of the person who reported you. i imagine looking at your previous comments in this thread, i reckon you were being racist ( even if it was just a teeny, tiny bit racist ) and someone rightly took offense. maybe going to uni and seeing someone spouting racist stuff in a public forum was the last straw. to clarify i can be pretty offensive or controversial, for example the sunnier side might be dead baby jokes. however, i consider my audience whenever i do and being flat - out racist shows ignorance and a substantial lack of compassion. no one should feel judged or marginalised for circumstances beyond their control such as their place of birth, colour of their skin or which religion they think is best. if by " they ", you mean ethnic minorities. firstly " they " might tell you to go fuck yourself, but of that i'm sure most're aware. are ethnic minorities blameless by default? no. will they take offense when you say racist shit? yes. and do they have the right to be offended? yes. your issue seems to be that you are annoyed that you cannot say offensive or non - politically correct stuff any time you want. reality check, you cannot. doing that in polite / easily offended / sensitive company as i stated, shows a lack of respect for those people you are with and a level of immaturity. its as simple as that and if you wish to be treated with respect and courtesy you must first treat others with respect and courtesy. if you wish to be taken seriously you will be held to account for what you say, how you say it and who you say it about. otherwise you are asking to be treated like a child. forgive me now but i'm paraphrasing - you say " a world where i can't say negative things about a group including people without consequence " would be world no to shit. what you are describing is in a nut shell is racism or if i'm being charitable, prejudice. judging the majority based on the actions of a few is foolish and once again demonstrates ignorance. i feel that you have grievances against " them " or " they " and i would honestly like to know more. for example, i used to have prejudices against certain groups of people but those views were rooted in ignorance and ultimately, fear. if you wish we could continue this conversation privately and not in public thread. but either way please answer this : do all people, regardless of any qualifiers deserve dignity, respect and equality? ps. sorry for the essay.
------
> premiums for families have increased for a majority, a lot by > 50% or more.
i said it lowered the effective cost of health care, i didn't talk about premiums. that's saying "we have to pay more taxes as more hospitals declared costs", which would have the same effect, you just wouldn't know about it.
this is not hard to get.
> the only way there can be no competition is if government makes it so. if government creates to many laws and regulations, then government creates the monopoly.
monopolies are naturally created through capitalism, i have given enough examples in my original reply. the 'free market' in the usa compared to eu enforces this even more (fundemental difference in what a free market is, singular information flow comapred to a required bi-directional information flow).
how is the internet / phone service over there? broken up, few years later, same issues. monopolies. it only took a few years to get to the exact same toxic state. if a new player wants entry, lets say google, it isn't the goverment intervening, it is capitalism being able to bribe their way further.
capitalism is founded on greed, greed finds a way into the goverment.
this doesn't make capitalism bad (you americans love black and white...), this means there are drawbacks behind a natural driving force. greed is good as a driving force, but it requires checks.
> there is no incentive for customers to take care of themselves or only get treatments they need. all places that have healthcare like this ration their services.
yes there is, this is a very delusional and close minded way to look at health care. case in point, the far majority of european countries.
> canada has wait times of > 2 months for things like cat scans and the nhs in britain is starting to prevent overweight people from visiting hospitals.
ow noo, people are making use of health care, shame on them! nothing wrong with wait lists, as long as they are kept in check. it means machines are used cost effectively, a good thing.
> socialism has killed 100's of millions of people in the 20th century.
religion killed more than anything in history, 78% of americans are christians. this information is completely useless, just as the quote above.
look up what this term actually means, socialism co-exists with capitalism just fine, in fact they empower each other. this is again a very american, black and white view of the word, which isn't used in any western country for decades.
by nature an american will shy away from this word, or look at it as 'baaaad', while europeans are fine with it, as they might actually understand the meaning behind it. every western european country has a socialist nature, we also have less poverty, universal health care and some countries even have universal basic income. i must be terrified right now, we gonna kill each other any minute now!
try to find a middle line in your views. it isn't gun control = bad or = good. capitalism = good = bad, more often than not when 2 persons are telling their story, the truth is in the middle.
> you are obviously a teenager who has no real understanding of how the world works.
> for you to advocate for such things either makes you uninformed / ignorant or incredibly stupid
leave these silly insults at home, 80<cur> salted water bags, keep it going bud.
------
> dude won mvp last split, and was indisputably the best support this split. first half is fact, second half not so much. using mvp votes and all pro votes is flawed when you consider the voters. usually whenever " media " gets votes on these type of things, the accuracy of these things goes down considerably since there are people who vote in it that can't even name the starting rosters for all 10 teams. this summer split, i would default say aphro as probably the top support, but that's mainly due to na having a late split for supports. mainly because there was so much turnover for supports this split. i would always go so far as to say aphro is head plus shoulders above every other support this split and i'm not even really sold that he's the # 1 outside of winning by default. struggling to remember some of your other comments that was making me believe you were just being an aphro fanboy. finding plenty with 100t coaching though. you're using a flawed logic by trying to make it seem as if 100t coaching is trying to do what the can and have the best team possible. fact - 100t decided to sub out ssumday and meteos for rift rivals ( 1st international experience for the org btw ) when their roster was 2nd in spring split. this directly caused meteos to ask questions about his long term future on the team and then to ask other teams for a backup plan if / when levi was brought in to replace him. 100t decided that meant meteos wasn't fully bought in so traded him for a clear downgrade. i don't disagree with trading away a player you don't think has been in, but the entire situation was caused due to coaching / player mismanagement. they also didn't seem to really try to negotiate for a decent trade. seems like we specifically targeted teams that were near the bottom of the league for the closest deal they could get now. that way they don't have to risk helping a potential playoff / worlds competitor. cody sun - seems like another mismanagement type of situation. one day before semi finals you make the decision and inform the players involved. basically no scrim or practice time and they don't even bring him into the studio as a potential sub in. could have been handled much, much better. seeing what they did at rift rivals, this doesn't come off to me as a team that wants to win. unfortunately i don't have more time to delve more into this - hope it doesn't come off as too erratic. typed in increments while at work. not even sure if you'll read all of this since i'm apparently just an " immature person on reddit " since i called you out for having flawed logic because of your obvious biases and trying to defend bone headed decision making.
------
> don't confuse the description and the reality of something. in quantum physics things are " described " as random or probabilistic. things that are indeterministic ( like free will ) can from the outside only be observed as random or probabilistic. therefore it is possible. you haven'st actually said anything that helps show how the will is free from the dichotomy of determinism and probabilistic indeterminism ( aka chance ). i're copying in a time experiment which i've written out in the past to illustrate my point here : hard determinism and probabilistic indeterminism are the only two paradigms of will which can potentially exist. if we accept this proposition, since both paradigms exclude lfw, we can safely conclude that lfw is a logical impossibility. i know that this is a bold claim, so i have constructed a thought experiment to illustrate the fact that this is a true dichotomy leaving no possible third alternative. this is the will - simulation thought experiment. to begin, imagine the following scenario : a powerful computer exists which can perfectly simulate our universe many times. this computer creates a vast number of parallel universe simulations ( any large number will do, but let's say one billion ), each in precisely the same " quantum state " or " state of everything, " and runs them over. we observe the quantum state of these billion space simulations at the nearest possible event in spacetime before some agent becomes consciously aware of its will. the agent is considering its options between an apple and a banana, and we are observing the " moment " before its conscious will materializes. we can assume that the subsequent action ( choosing the apple or banana ) will be in accordance with the state of my will which materializes in the first moment after we press " play " on the simulations. there are many other states of will which we could contrive, but two options ( apple or banana ) are enough to isolate the possible outcomes, and the addition of extra possible states of will does not change the format and the thought experiment. we will designate the two possible states of will as w ( a ) if the agent wants an apple in the next moment, and w ( b ) if the agent wants a banana in the next one. we press " play " on the simulations and tally the billion universes to determine the number of universes in which w ( a ) and w ( b ) result. there are only three logically - possible scenarios : 1 ) w ( a ) results one billion times. 2 ) w ( b ) results one billion times. 3 ) w ( a ) and w ( b ) each result some number of times, their sum equaling one billion. if scenario 1 or 2 results, we must conclude that the quantum state of the universe in one moment perfectly determines the quantum state of the universe in the next moment. given this, it is inarguable that every state of will an agent could have is the deterministic result of the states of the universe which preceded it. if scenario 3 results, we must conclude that the quantum state of the universe in one moment creates a probability function, and the quantum state of the universe in the next moment results probabilistically. because the billion universes were in identical quantum states before we pressed " play, " the only possible explanation for a variation in the quantum states of the universes in the resulting moment is random chance. there are 999, 999, 999 possible combinations of indeterministic probability for w ( a ) and w ( b ) between the billion universes, but random chance is the only suitable explanation for why all billion universes did not have the same outcome. given this, it is inarguable that every state of will an agent could have is the probabilistic result of the states of the universe which preceded it. before i expound on the implications of this dichotomy, i would like to address the frequently - asked questions regarding this thought experiment : q : but what if this simulation is impossible and our universe is the only universe which exists? a : it does not matter that this computer simulation does not or cannot really exist. this is merely a thought experiment meant to isolate logically - possible scenarios, not to make a claim about which possible scenario, hard determinism or probabilistic indeterminism, is representative of reality. it is irrelevant to the validity of the thought experiment whether ours is the only universe in existence. this dichotomy of possible paradigms still exists, even if there is only one course of outcomes. either the universe is governed deterministically, or it is governed probabilistically. if only this universe exists, and it is probabilistic, then the other possible outcomes simply never come to fruition ; the determining factor in which outcomes come to fruition is still probability. q : if the agent uses system 2 thinking and deliberates for a long time over its decision, how could you say the decision is probabilistic? is that not reducing the whole process of deliberation to a coin - flip? a : no, i am not reducing the process of deliberation and system 2 thinking to a coin - flip. this dichotomy of hard determinism and probabilistic indeterminism exists for every event in spacetime. in the case of indeterminism, every moment of conscious and unconscious cognition involved in the deliberation process is the result of probability, with the specific probabilities for each possible outcome being created by the state of the universe in the moment before. q : under the paradigm of indeterminism, why could the agent not freely select from the probability function? if the simulation produced 500 million universes with w ( a ) and 500 million universes with w ( b ), why could we not say that, in our universe, it is the agent's free choice whether it actualizes the next moment as one which contains w ( a ) or w ( b )? a : remember, all billion universes were in precisely the same quantum state. this means that they were exactly the same in every conceivable manner, including the agent itself. to include some mechanism by which the agent could " select " from the probability function between the moments before and after we pressed " play, " we would have to change the quantum state of the billion universes. by doing so, we change the result from one in which a probability function was created ( indeterminism ) to one in which all billion universes produce the same result ( determinism ). this logical dichotomy is truly inescapable : adding an extra mechanism of choice to the indeterministic paradigm simply shifts it back to a deterministic paradigm. q : what about an immaterial soul which is not bound by the laws of physics? it would not matter what the quantum state of the universe is, since the soul is not a part of the physical universe. could this not be the mechanism by which we freely select from the probability function of possible choices? a : the phrasing " quantum state of the universe " is just a tidy way of claiming that everything in the billion universe simulations is identical. i also phrased it as the " state of everything. " if you want to add an immaterial soul to the calculation which can interact with the physical universe, you must include it in the " state of everything " for the thought experiment. if the soul interacts in a meaningful way with the agent's brain, it must do so as an event in spacetime. this makes its interaction a physical event, even if the soul itself is immaterial ( though there exists no reasonable explanation of how such an interaction would occur ). if we say that the soul selects a will from the indeterministic probability function, we have violated the structure of the thought experiment and post - hoc changed the " state of everything " from before we pressed " play " on the simulations ; we have retroactively changed what was an indeterministic result into a deterministic result. once again, this dichotomy is absolute. the dichotomy of hard determinism and probabilistic indeterminism categorically excludes any possibility of lfw. every event in spacetime is the deterministic or probabilistic result of the events preceding it, and this includes every modicum of cognition within our minds. this is not to say that we do not make choices. we certainly do, and many of them are well thought - out and intentional. the pressing question is not whether actions follow the will, but whether the will itself is ultimately free of the world around it. i contend that it is not and cannot be truly free in any possible world. > btw there is no wishful thinking without free will... what? no... that's not true at all. a lack of free will just means every aspect of your cognition is the result of a deterministic or probabilistic universe. it says nothing about whether certain types of cognition are possible. that's a huge misunderstanding of the nature and role of freedom in cognition.
------
so this all happened in june, and i'm only writing about it now because the situation just got solved.
as the broke college student i am i found a website that offered me money for my notes about classes and old exams that i have taken, extremely simply procedure that consists of simply uploading pdfs on the web, categorizing them, and then getting a payment on my paypal. i think "great! i make money and i can help kids seeing what to expect on the exam by seeing the old ones".
the fact that i scanned all my exams and kept them in my google drive to have them as possible study material made the whole process easier. i upload 5 documents from my organic chemistry class and get paid <cur>25, i figure that i might as well do it for all the classes, more money to buy alcohol you know?
in the span of a couple days i upload about 120 documents for subjects such as ochem, physics, calculus that span from old exams to notes to summaries about the whole class, pretty much my old study materials. i get a couple hundred bucks and go buy my, at the time, well deserved booze.
fast forward a month, and i have just given all my finals, got my 4.0 this term and i am happily preparing to go back home. i wake up one morning with an email from my email professor informing me that due to the content i uploaded he is gonna fail me in the class even if i passed it with an a.
i immediately panic, i start freaking out.
to make matters worse, i get an email from my physics professor with the same exact content, failing the class even though i passed it.
now i am actually freaking the fuck out, i am an international student in the us so now i'm scared my visa is gonna get cancelled and that i am a dead man.
next day i receive an email from the director of student affairs asking to meet me to discuss the question. i'm hoping he will just give me a slap on the wrist and tell me to not do it again. i meet him and after a two hour meeting he informs me that most likely i will be expelled from the school, not allowing me to enroll at the university i was transferring to and ultimately revoking my visa. i get home and have an absolute breakdown, i can't tell my parents because they will fucking disown me so i have this weight on my back that's literally killing me.
however, the decision wasn't final so the director asks to meet me again the next week. every day that passes it becomes worse. i don't know what to do with myself. i have so much shit going one that i start having suicidal thoughts, i am at the lowest point of my life (i've been lucky enough to never have experienced any real problems).
the day comes and the fucking director tells me that he will not give me a final decision today and that he will contact me via email, due to the fact that i am leaving to go back to my home country and won't be in the states to personally see him.
i fly back home, and after approximately three days i get an email informing me that i have been suspended for the summer term, i have a 2500 word paper about academic integrity and my gpa has been lowered to a 1.0 for the term. however, i will be able to transfer to the university i was planning to go and i will get to keep my academic scholarship.
additionally, i have to write a paper of 2500 words about academic integrity that includes interview to two professors along with some other assignments that will be communicated me later.
fast forward a couple of months and i am currently on a plane flying towards my new college, with a hue weight off my shoulders.
tl;dr i uploaded old college exams on the internet, went from a 4.0 to a 1.0 for the term, nearly got expelled and deported.
edit: i forgot to add that i had to remove all the documents i uploaded, only way to do so was refunding the company that paid me via paypal. so overall, i didn't end up earning one cent.
edit 2: holy fuck this blew up way more than i expected.
i've been getting a lot of mixed reactions, people feeling bad for what happened (which they shouldn't) and people ripping my asshole apart (rightfully so).
just to specify a few things that i might have gone over too quickly.
the exams were semester old exams/weeks old, as i wanted to make sure nobody could benefit from the uploads as they would have been required to already take it.
secondly my gpa for the term was lowered to a 1.0, this impacted my overall gpa a tiny bit but i was still
able to secure an academic scholarship at the university i transferred to.
i didn't post it the tifu with the purpose of saying "fuck my college they are a bunch of douchebags", it was more with the intent to show how little, at the time meaningless, actions can fuck up your future, big time.
especially because i just assumed i would be able to do in the us things that i used to do in high school back at home.
i am grateful to the school for the course of action they took, as i know that things could have been way way worse.
you live and you learn.
------
> bf3 has far less guns but each gun feels way more unique compared to how bf4's guns felt compared to each other. but that isn't exactly telling the whole story. picture you have a line with bf3's guns listed on them, with different sections of the line going through the different weapon classes. if you overlayed bf4's weapons onto this line, you would see a lot more guns, and a lot of the guns would fall in between the bf3 guns'positions on the line. basically, a lot of the bf4 guns play similarly to at least one, but even two or three of the other ones in it's class. here being said, the extra ones allow more granular choice in your loadouts. you still cover the same bases as bf3, but you have even more choice depending on exactly how you like your guns to perform, and also how they look, because to a lot of people, that does matter ( i personally like using a gun that looks aesthetically pleasing to me ). add on the robust attachment system, and now you really have the ability to tailor your guns to your exact desired specs. i just don't see how that is a bad thing. more choices are better. sure they could have done a better job on making sure that certain weapons and attachments were more viable, as there definitely were " best in class " weapons and " niche / underused " weapons, but that isn't a problem with the number of weapons per say, it just means they need to spend a bit more time tweaking the numbers once developers get data from players about their most used / least used weapons and attachments. that being stated, even if they didn't do that and there existed some powers and attachments that are niche, enjoyed in a smaller portion of the playerbase, why is that a bad thing? why would you ever want less weapons when there are people in the community enjoying the choice? it just makes no sense to me. in another comment i likened it to someone playing pokemon, and complaining for there being too many moves but are only used in niche builds because they only use the best iconic and powerful moves of every type. also, having them instead are something else unique is probably a dev time restraint thing. easier too iterate and make a slightly different gun with the same base archetype and a new model than trying to make an extremely unique new gun . look at smash bros ultimate's echo characters or the old games'clone characters as another genre's example of that. it's a way of making more content fast, that allows for variety without taking too much dev time. i like the idea a lot. it's better than not getting a variety, which is what happened in bf1 and made it grow stale much faster for me and a bunch of others, from what i've heard here and in other subs. tl ; dr - bf4 has guns that perform uniquely like bf3, but then it also has a bunch of guns in between those, that aren't as drastic of a change compared to the " bf3 archetypes ", but allow of more granular control over loadouts and more aesthetic choice for the player as well.
------
i'm also 100% the kind of person who tends towards solitude. i used to tell my husband all the time that i simply have close to zero social drive. i feel driven to spend time with one person, that's it. i never feel lonely, and i have always felt content with my life independent of the size of my social circle. it's like if people were food, i could eat the same thing every day and i get no joy out of eating other food, so i don't seek it out. seeking it out is a lot of work.
here is the danger in resigning yourself to the smallest social network possible: you don't realize what you need other people for until something catastrophic happens.
my husband died two months ago and when he died, i wanted to die too. i wanted to be alone and i wanted to quit. my hobbies and my interests were meaningless to me. the only thing that mattered to me was my husband, and he was gone. but we had just had a baby boy, and i was the only person who mattered to him.
i was in a psych ed group recently and they had a class about social support. there was a short perceived social support questionnaire that listed categories like: "acceptance" "encouragement" "companionship" "partner for activities" "new ideas" "help with tasks" "guidance" and stuff like that. then a space to name the person in your life who you go to for each, and a space to note if you're satisfied in that category or need more support, etc.
my list was so empty, because i would have written my husband's name under every single category. i didn't even know that he fulfilled all of those specific things in my life. but in any case, he was dead. i realized that my ideas of what i "need" people for was so shallow, and when i actually needed people, i did not know who to go to. not because they don't exist, but because i never identified them and never cultivated those relationships. and selfishly, i never realized that i'm supposed to fulfill these roles for other people too, but i withheld myself because it was "hard work". you delude yourself into believing that you don't need these things in order to live a full life, or that you alone can provide all of this for yourself.
i think that most people will read the quote in the title and think about it in terms of socialization as in, just talking to others or "having friends". i am sure that when jim carrey said it, he was talking about the danger of solitude in the face of darkness in your life, whether it is mental illness or the hopelessness that comes with tragedy. the only sure thing in life is tragedy. social support is the only thing that can create hope out of nothing.
------
i am not short of a chinese expert, though i would like to be interested in the ancient romans so here is some things. subjugation of women very much a part of christian culture as well, women were subservient to men in the western world until after the second world war, that is 1950 + foot - binding yeah, pretty bad practise. i agree with you on that, but no divorce is perfect. arranged marriages europe had a lot of those as well with the numerous struggles for power and claims for certain counties or dukedomes and thrones. very common. no - fault divorce don't really know why this is bad, if a couple no longer loves eachother then why wouldn't they be capable of absolving their marriages without the need to create a conflict to start? concubines in the bible, abraham takes a slave as his concubine, hagar, as his family is infertile, so hypocritical? institutionalized polygamy < url > by law within roman citizens or people within the empire could only have the single wife, contrary to other peoples in this timeframe which was later to be praised by early christendom. this was due to their republican and egalitarian ideals ( at least, egalitarian for their time period. ) pedophilia pedophilia is more of a modern concept than anything else, before medicine and such were invented you would die quite soon, extremely soon. which is why in history young people are very frequently already considered adults, as soon as your father dies, you are the man of the land suddenly as eldest son. doesn't matter if you are 14. paganism paganism is just a term of christendom to say people follow a primitive form of religion, and hellenism is obviously that and nothing is inherently wrong with that, it's just you have multiple gods to worship. open orgies with children and infanticide source please for this, can't find anything on our own about it. logos it can also mean study btw, logie that many things such as biology is basicly'' study of...'' in this case'' study of life'' for the romans specificly it was quite destabilizing at the very least. chalcedonianism as i shall just quickly call pre - split of church christendom was monotheistic, which meant that integration of the many polytheistic religions would become far more difficult. early christians also tended to actually be quite violent in the form of actively razing and burning buildings, with riots as well. and well, if we include the jewish, there was a 1500 year period where the doctrine was unified, to then split into the jews ( original ) and chalcedonianism ( christendom under christ ). which then lasted for a 1000 years until the split into orthodox christianity ( original ) and catholic christianity ( split - off ) and then 500 years later the protestants and such started to rebel which meant the catholic church suddenly had a bunch of heresies spreading. it has lasted btw for 2000 years due to it's effect on people and teaching children. once it's part of your core beliefs as a child through relentless education about it by your parents the most trusted source to be found in nature, you are not really going to get rid of it when about everybody is christian. it has grown because christendom promises an eternal life after death of perfection, or an endless pit of hell. seeing as most religions based in europe at the time didn't really have such a reward / punishing thing people were more prone to be converted. furthermore, christendom sprouted in one of the most advanced civilizations if not the most advanced civilization on earth, rome. thus in later stages it could benefit from this by using knowledge unknown to the native population and state it was a miracle. in my own homecountry, the netherlands, there would be a priest spreading his faith, to then put his staff or what he was carrying into the ground where he would know there would be water due to research from before, right as he said,'' my god, to prove you are true, let water sprout from the ground''. thus when water did spring up, people would also see it as a form of evidence for this almighty god.
------
> the only thing'you'm actively doing is making decisions about how to move muscles - at least that's what people think. i argue that this is controlled by your subconscious as well, just like everything else, and you're only consciously noticing it ( if you pay attention, that is ; most of the time you don't and you have the illusion of being in control ). there'r no way to know if you're consciously controlling your muscles or not, since we don't really know what consciousness is. there's some evidence that it's all on autopilot... but i guess i just don't care either way. i just find it very odd to exclude so much as what it means to be human, and define myself as a tiny sliver of " consciousness " that is likely just a tv screen projecting things that happened 2 seconds ago. none of my " autopilot " decisions go against my consciousness or my will... so even if it're 2 separate things or 2 different processes as phenomenon, i don't care - since we're always in agreement anyways. : ) it just doesn't seem like a relevant or meaningful distinction. > how exactly would that work? you can't even control what your thoughts are, you can only sense them as they arise out of the unconscious darkness. i don't think that's a fully accurate description - at least not for most people. my new thoughts chain off my existing thoughts and my decisions / choices about those thoughts. they don't come out of nowhere, they are very clearly linked to what i'm thinking about just moments before. ( except when i'm high... * and it's truly terrifying! * ) they certainly don't just randomly pop up normally. ( though i suppose i do have some friends with add / adhd / schizophrenia that describe their thoughts just like that : they don't bring them up, they just randomly come up on their own... so perhaps different people experience consciousness and thinking differently. ) > but it still comes down to brain cells and brain potentials. so it's not a fundamental difference. that depends on what you value and what you're evaluating. if you value " personhood ", emotions, knowledge, etc... then cockroaches don't have those things, and are fundamentally different. cockroaches don't experience hunger, or fear, or desire. they don't have a brain that can experience those things, so they simply don't. if you value human emotion, for example, then obviously humans > cockroaches. if you value " consciousness ", then cockroaches don't have that either. so i don't see how they can have free will. our consciousness is a product of our brains - even if we don't yet exactly understand how.
------
at this point i'm just waiting for the reveal. there's so much that hints towards it.
1. he has a fire quirk.
2. he has the exact same eye color as endeavor and shouto's fire side.
3. the first scene that teases him shows him looking at a hair salon. so him having a different hair color is easily explained away.
4. he goes through great efforts to hide his identity. he gives the league a fake name and says he'll reveal his true name when "it's time." that kinda gives off the vibe that his actual name has some importance.
5. in the scene where gran torino says all of the league's real names he's left off the list along with kurogiri and shigaraki. so he or someone else have gone to lengths to hide his identity.
6. we know endeavor has two older sons who were deemed failures.
7. he says he follows stain's ideology. if he's endeavor's son he would have seen firsthand the type of hero that stain hates so much. he would have suffered at the hands of someone who was driven by greed and rewarded for it. he also only joins the league after stain is taken down by "endeavor."
8. his interaction with shouto at the camp is very interesting. he mocks him and calls him by his full name. a failure who has defeated a masterpiece. also in the manga there's a panel in this scene where dabi's shadow is cast onto shouto. [specifically on his fire side.](<url>)
9. one of the brothers we see in the flashback does look like dabi from behind.
10. [very minor manga spoiler. it's something you actually brought up in your post.](/s "endeavor has mentioned in the manga that he can overheat. this is why he searched for someone with an ice quirk. that would explain why dabi was seen as a failure.")
11. [a medium manga spoiler. spoils the appearance and name of a future minor character.](/s "shouto's older brother, natsuo, mentions being weak to heat. if dabi inherited that while also inheriting a fire quirk it would make endeavor see him as a complete failure.")
12. [another medium spoiler. this one talks about a piece of info we have regarding the other todoroki siblings.](/s "according to natsuo the oldest brother, touya, had something horrible happen to him.")
13. [very big spoilers. i wouldn't read this if you aren't up to date. though i did keep it vague in case you can't help yourself.](/s "hawks is connected to both endeavor and dabi and could easily bring them together if the plot demands it.")
14. [can't really make this one vague. i'd avoid this one if you're anime only.](/s "that scene where dabi showed up and called endeavor by his full name of "todoroki enji" perfectly mirrors the earlier one with shouto. i mean... come on. they have to be related.")
so with all that being said i think it's almost certain that he's endeavor's son. [my theory for what actually happened and how we'll learn the truth.](/s "i think touya was deemed a failure and hated himself for it. he either tried to commit suicide and failed or tried to power though his limitations and burned himself so bad that it looked like died. the family (at least the children) think that he did commit suicide. that's the event natsuo was talking about. dabi actually means cremation. so him being presumed dead fits well with his name. i think endeavor doesn't know he's alive. i think he might have been saved by rei. maybe her ice quirk helped heal his burns and she hid what she did from enji. that's where i think we'll get the reveal. rei sitting in her hospital room, a speech bubble that says "mom," and then a panel of him entering the room. then a double page spread that mirrors the pages where shouto came to visit for the first time.")
------
> it doesn't need to be outright conspiratorial insider trading, merely different people getting the same information at different times to cause a market failure, as seen in this case.
but information was provided for everybody through the same channels, only some people acted on it and some didnt. thats not the faiure of the market, thats the failure of the participant.
even if anet would have put a banner right across the screen when you log in after the patch that you will need 25 sigils to complete the armor collection, it wouldnt have made a difference to the prices they currently have.
> poor information is actually worse than no information, because it still leads to incorrect decisions, but causes rational agents to underestimate the risk involved.
i agree but again, this isnt the fault of the market but the participant, who failed to find the right information before other participants who already acted on it.
anyways, i would be interested in your opinion, what you think would have been the right and the wrong decision for a market participant in this scenario.
> a. personal skill barely matters. this is a right time / right place issue. to use an illustrative example, i could have trivially foreseen this, and bought enough for myself (or more, but i don't speculate on markets because i'm not a dirtbag)
i think we can agree that after the guy who bought out the 16k sigils after patch, speculators, who put in bulk buy orders at 1c over vendor value at some point before the patch, made the most profit from this market change.
from your comments i gather that you think that those speculators are bad for the free market and their actions are morally questionable. i cant deny that many other users may agree with you but i dont.
those speculators were willing to pay more than the vendor, when the majority of the player base would just sell these items to the vendor and destroy it.
so those speculators effectively managed to stop thousands, if not tens of thousands of those sigils to be destroyed. and now, they are able to put these sigils back into the market and without that extra supply, even less players could have completed that collection by now and prices would have been even higher, yet they get flak for being greedy bastards. i got news for you, its not them that are greedy, its the majority of the player base that is greedy and would rather have 2.5s at the time the sigil dropped for them instead of keeping them (like the speculator did) and wait for a better use for these sigils.
> but overall, the evidence consistently suggests that very few winners actually win because of brilliant insight, rather than lucky timing, unfair advantage, or dirty tricks. the myth that people make money, either in mmos or irl due to ability alone is less true than ones about leprechauns or unicorns.
if that is your believe, i wonder why you are expecting a free market that is fair to all and only has winners and blame anet for it when it doesnt happen.
> something that doesn't work for different ability levels is still ineffective. we don't build fire escapes that require someone leap from one ledge to another and pull their body weight up because personal ability levels differ. is this less important than fire escapes? of course. but if the system doesn't work for the bottom 99% of ability levels, it doesn't work.
if something doesnt work for your ability level, it can act as incentive to raise your ability level. if all participants, regardless of their abilities get the same return, why would anybody bother to raise it?
> something that doesn't work for different ability levels is still ineffective. we don't build fire escapes that require someone leap from one ledge to another and pull their body weight up because personal ability levels differ. is this less important than fire escapes? of course. but if the system doesn't work for the bottom 99% of ability levels, it doesn't work.
if you cant lift your own weight, in many dire situations you will die. you can either work on your own ability to pull yourself out of that situation or expect others to install a safety line to pull yourself out or install that safety line yourself.
if you cant be bothered to work on your own ability to pull yourself out or put in the work to install a safety line, why do you expect others to do it without compensating them for it?
is that how a free market is supposed to work in your opinion?
here is a fact:
absolutely nothing has changed in regards to obtaining this sigil, it still takes the same effort and ability to get them as before the patch as their faucets havent been altered.
------
> i would call it killing a human being from the 1st week it would be same after 26th week then you don't understand the question. we're talking about a viable fetus and the termination of a pregnancy. > could a pregnant woman in a deserted island or place where she is completly alone interfere with the bodily integrity of the baby without hurting her own body? are you trying to equate having the ability to do something with a hypothetical being able to do what without even primitive tools plus severe limitations on what actions can be performed? i am unaware of a guaranteed method to perform an abortion on yourself while stranded alone on a deserted island with the inability to cause self - harm. i'm also unaware of how any person would be able to chew or swallow food if they were all alone on a deserted island with no access to food and they didn't have a mouth. i hope you see how ridiculously dishonest this question is. > and that includes a woman stoping the life of her baby. fetus, not baby. i understand english isn't your first language so don't take this as an insult. it's just that words are important here. but this is an unsupported assertion. and i said before, i believe that we do not have the right to force any person to use their body against their will in order to sustain the life of another. this principle is applied to all persons equally. so for you, why would the fetus'natural right to life outweigh the woman's right tae bodily autonomy and is this applicable to any other situation? does my right to life outweigh my mother's right to bodily autonomy? > the problem arise when we talk about the world we living today in which it allows the woman to end her babies life and survive the proscess, we would be talking about abortion if we were pre - bronze age so? i don't know if you're just grasping the straws here or if you're really trying to say we shouldn't be doing things today because we couldn't do them over 4, 000 years ago. > thats why i say the baby has bodily integrity, in a natural setting you cannot kill him while on the womb unless you are hurting the mother. this willful ignorance of bodily integrity is becoming so repetitive i can'e help but wonder if you're a troll. again, you don ' t understand what that term means. myself and at least one other person has pointed this out to you. i'm starting to think we might have to put this conversation on hold until you can demonstrate you understand what bodily integrity / autonomy actually means. > you cannot take away a man's freedom without technology. if you continue to post comments so unbelievably absent of thought i'm gonna have to start getting snarky just to keep my own sanity. now i don't know what you count as technology but slavery existed long before what we might consider to be notable technological advancements. what do you think is required to designate another human being as a slave? > our morals should be valid in every context, period of time. should, key word. but as it's been noted, they have not been. > but would you be able to say that for the first humans? i'd be able to say that i don't care about the first human beings, we're dealing with the here and now. these responses are getting unnecessarily long so if you could stop with the red herrings it would be greatly appreciated. > which both bodys are respected. but sadly that is yet to posible perhaps in the future and if future technology allows for the fetus to be removed and transplanted into an artificial womb i would fully support that. for right now we don't have that ability but that does not mean that gives us the right to force a woman to use her body against her will to sustain the life of another. > i dont see any violation on the part of the baby do you understand the biological changes that take place during pregnancy? the use of oxygen, nutrients, alterations of hormones, tissue / organ displacement, the entire process draws from the body of the mother. if she doesn't want her body being used, that's a violation. > why is that baby's body can have rigths while on the womb. would you allow abortion after 26th week? again, bypassing the " what is life " argument, let's say we grant a fetus the same basic human rights that you or i have. i do not have the right to use the body of any other person against their will in order to survive just as no other person has the right to use my body against my will in order to survive. so the fetus has rights, and the right to life ends when it requires the use of another person's body against their will in order to survive. same way it ends for you and me. as for the post 26 wk question, i don't think you understand my definition of abortion. this also negates your viability inclusion if you're trying to go off of that. as i said, i define abortion as the termination of the pregnancy. so let's take it to the extreme and do one at 39 wks. do you know what they call the surgical termination of a pregnancy at 39 wks? a c - section. > that the methods have posibility of failure also puts into the ligth that abortion can also fail, if the woman wants 100 % percent succes she can abstein yes, abortions can be unsuccessful. but the thing is that a successful abortion is pretty definitive. so if it doesn't work, and she still wants one, try and try again. it's pretty hard to manage an unsuccessful surgical abortion. and abstinence will ensure not becoming pregnant ( well, depending on your religion ), but we try to evaluate real world situations. teenagers are going to have sex. we've tried the abstinence only programs, total failure. there are also married couples who simply don't want kids. do you expect them to abstain from sex the entire course of their marriage or until one of them becomes sterile? be realistic here. and as i said, " even if we throw all that out the window, we still don't have the right to force a person, any person, to use their body against their will in order to sustain the life of another. " as i mentioned somewhere in this post, these responses are becoming unnecessarily long. i don't want you to feel like any portion of your response is being ignored but i might have to start calling out the things that are irrelevant to the conversation and focus on what's important.
------
the football game analogy kinda lost me. it wasn't a crowded train or anything, and i only saw this guy when i got up to wait by the exit since it was pulling into the station, and even then i only noticed him because he asked me the name of the station. no one else in the handful of people waiting by the exit was really interacting, they were really all just on their phones or listening to music or staring out the window, as tired commuters do, so it definitely didn't feel like a very social atmosphere to begin with, which i guess is why i wasn't too happy when the conversation progressed beyond train-related questions. also, now that you bring up culture, i might actually look into that. he did tell me he was from the middle east, and i know that middle eastern culture is extremely different from my own. about the introvert thing, i don't really consider myself an introvert, but i might have the wrong idea of what an introvert actually is. i like going out with friends. under the right circumstances, i like meeting people, as well as receiving male attention (i'm on tinder ffs). i don't dread social gatherings. but if not wanting male attention while i'm just trying to chill out and go home makes me an introvert, then obviously to some degree i am an introvert. i know it doesn't seem like it based on this post, but i really do like to expect the best from people. i don't think that every older man that talks to younger girls is a pervert (unless the girl in question is illegal, i don't support that at all, but i'm 18 so that obviously doesn't apply to my particular situation). this isn't my first bad experience with strange men in public, i was hit on and catcalled multiple times even back when i was illegal. i've told people about these experiences, and while i have received sympathy, i've also been asked if i did anything to encourage it (ex. 'what were you wearing?' 'did you keep engaging with him?'). so basically, i do what i do (like wear headphones and keep my interactions minimal) to 1) reduce the chance of something like that happening and 2) justify that i wasn't "asking for it" if something like that does happen. the way i see it, i did absolutely nothing that implied that i wanted this man to escalate the conversation to personal topics or follow me to my taxi, which makes it easier for me to justify not telling him to leave me alone right off the bat. in my country, that's usually encouraged, because even something as trivial as small talk can be perceived as you "asking for it."
------
this guy knows what he's talking about. literally everyone in this sub should pay attention to what he's saying about every single relationship, breakup, and frankly every date or attempt to introduce yourself to someone etc, are all learning experiences.
if 24 ever feels old, or old enough to think you've figured out who you even want to be in life, much less actually be that yet, then you're probably in an environment that doesn't remind you enough that there are countless things you haven't seen or done yet and you should start doing them, romantically and otherwise.
i don't see many people think of things this way but when you really think about it, wouldn't most people agree that how hard it is to leave someone is no accurate measure whatsoever of whether or not it's appropriate to leave that person/relationship. just like countless people find genuinely dangerous and abusive relationships "hard" to get out of, in a less extreme but somewhat psychologically similar way, leaving a very sweet person that you've been with for a long time will also be very "hard" to do but that doesn't mean you shouldn't leave. op and everyone else would/will eventually realize this after they've done it, gone through the detachment pain for a totally unpredictable amount of time, but eventually come out the other side wiser about who they should or shouldn't be with, or what other non-romantic pursuits, and growth experiences are more valuable to that particular person's life vs any romantic attachment at all at a given point/stretch in life.
the only thing i disagree with her is that op can easily still "love" his gf. i've learned to be pretty sure that if you don't love someone forever, then you never really loved them. you may have been wrong about thinking you loved them, or you may have been wrong about who the person really was, but if you knew and loved the real core of the person and one or both of the 2 people just happened to evolve away from needing to be in that relationship or able to satisfy the other person let's say, then as the cliche goes: you just aren't "in love" anymore.
relationships should rarely feel like work. people who say that they're a lot of work, really probably are one of the many people who stayed with someone they just happened to be with and didn't continually go out into the world and practice enough to reach enough wisdom to realize who they should or shouldn't be with. now, it is a job, being in a relationship. but it should feel like one of those mythical jobs that don't feel like a job because you love it so much. if you actually sift through the whole lot of people in the world enough, year after year, have long relationships, short ones, dates, one night stands, live with someone, do a long distance if you want, whatever, you will get closer and closer to the "limit" of knowing exactly what you want and need and you will hopefully find yourself in the type of relationship where both people really understand the purpose of being in a relationship. that purpose is not to be able to afford rent, or have someone to take care of your dog, or please your parents by giving them grandchildren in the decade they want to have one in, or to be with someone that shares the same hobbies as you. the point of being in a relationship is for 2 people to be equally committed to the other person's happiness and to give more than you take but what you get in return from the other person, to actually ultimately feel like it's more than what you put in.
op and pretty much most people who are with the same person at 20, that they were with at 15,16,17... or anyone over 22 who is with the same person they were with at 18,19,20 .. should take a hard look at all of the beneficial things in life that could come to each person in that relationship if they'd just do the right (yet difficult) thing and split up, see the world, mature, grow, prosper, etc. anyone over 30 who still wishes they hadn't broken up with their high school sweetheart at 18/19/20/21/22/23/24 really really really wasted the opportunity to go improve their life. it doesn't even mean that you'll find someone who's a "better person". there are a lot of great people out there. there may not be an oversupply of great people in a small town you grew up in. but in the world, there's more supply than you need to find someone equal or better, at a later time in your life when you've figured out how to be virtually sure that you're with the right person for who've you've become. and really, you owe it to anyone you think you're really going to be with forever, to do all kinds of things to prepare you for being sure.
------
you're being deliberately disingenuous.
thinking is not fantasizing.
thinking about food because you're hungry or thinking about playing guitar are shit examples. you can't eat by thinking about food. and you can't enjoy playing guitar without doing it. there's no actual enjoyment in it. you may be excited to go to your guitar lesson and are thus thinking about it. when you're coming home, famished you're thinking about what you'll cook. this isn't fantasy, this is just planning.
fantasizing about sex is a completely different beast. often times you will fantasize because you're not having sex and are horny or want some sexual release especially while on nofap.
i'm sure i don't have to explain that thinking about spaghetti and meatballs is not comparable to fantasizing about a threesome with two dimes that are madly in lustful love with you.
you think about spaghetti and meatballs and you can easily make them. you think about a threesome with two dimes that are crazy for you and what? you gotta put in some serious fucking work for that. work that'll take months or years to even be achievable.
and don't bullshit me. no one uses sex fantasies as motivation. that's a fucking lie and you know it. in fact it'll probably hurt your drive to do it because you're releasing energy that can be very valuable to you.
and to top it all off. give me the difference between fantasizing about sex and watching porn. variety? your imagination is the limit. hardcore? your imagination is the limit. escalation? your imagination is the limit. your brain is a potent tool.
your gangbang scenario is moot. what's the difference between a vanilla sex scene in your head and a vanilla sex scene on a computer screen?
but but but you can make your fantasy from your pov. ok. so does that mean pov porn doesn't hurt you? but pov porn shows you a different dick and a different body and all that. sure but can you actually create a moving pov scene where you're having sex and everything is completely yours? and you can tell that it's all yours? since our brains aren't know for their clarity when envisioning things i'm gonna guess no.
and finally to polish this beautiful piece of deconstruction of your silly argument.
you're not having sex. you're pathetically imagining it. fantasizing about anything that is not in immediate reach is stupid. because you'll obviously be thinking about things that are better than what you have currently, thus giving you a fake image to compare your life to. an image that can be ridiculously perfect and one you have no real hopes of achieving.
peace out. your argument is dead and i beat its corpse beyond the afterlife.
------
> my point was that he wasn't stating it as some kind of arbitrary mention for the sake of history, he's just referring to oral tradition to be convincing to the people he't addressing regarding his politically motivated argument. well, yes. agreed. it's an off - the - cuff comment, definitely referring to an oral tradition, just like isaiah. but your " point " here contradicts your " point " before. but i'll take this one as your more clarified point. > why should i care about your opinion or a source clearly biased towards this accuracy of the ot? is that source peer reviewed? because you're talking to me. you should engage with my ideas. in'm not a scholar and i do my best to collate what i see in scholarship and sift through it all. if you want to dismiss what i'm saying simply because i'm not a scholar, then can i also dismiss your claims simply because you're not a scholar? we won't get anywhere with that attitude, i'm afraid. as for scholarship, ruth has led me to question the idea that 2 million israelites left egypt. i think her view is a lot harder to defend these days given why there is no physical evidence of a mass migration. 20, 000 is a much more defensible number, and actually makes sense of a whole heap of biblical passages : first, why would egypt be " concerned " that israelites might join an enemy while they are being attacked in exodus 1? if there were 600, 000 fighting men, egypt ought to be outright terrified! and secondly, the exodus battles seem to read like israel overcame great odds. i find it hard to believe that israel would need any help defeating a nomadic amalekite clan if they were 2 million strong. it certainly reads like they overcame an obstacle here by god's providence, so would be hard to picture if israel was on par with the greatest figures of the day. > can't provide positive evidence of a negative claim. of course you can. the quran claims that jesus was * not * crucified. i have multiple christian first century documents that say he was, and official roman sources attesting to the life of christ. this is just a shallow dodge. if you don't have any evidence for your position, you can just say so. it doesn't mean you're wrong and i'm right. > from your source which isn't even peer reviewed. it's a lot of speculation about the hyksos people. it's an online article. it's not a peer reviewed journal entry. and you're right : there is a heap of speculation. it's also a collation of the relevant evidence for the exodus. i wasn't intending you to believe every sentence written there ( i don't ), but it does cite some primary evidence related to the topics. > i'll accept all of the first, tentatively, but your conclusions is incredibly flawed. well, i think my conclusion is right : p i think you mean i bridge a big gap to get from the first to the latter? i agree. there is a big gap. i can't historically prove the exodus story as told in the ot. but i have a few indicators that i would consider evidence. it might not be compelling, but it is evidence. at the end of the day, i fully admit i will never have physical evidence of the plagues or the red sea ( / sea of reeds ) crossing. it was too long ago.
------
it's hard to tell, because ui design was and still is closely related to hardware capabilities. the "photorealistic" skeumorphic design wasn't possible for a long time because those graphics needed too much storage space, color depth and pixel density of the screens weren't good enough and the gpu wasn't fast enough for it to be responsive. when computers and phones became good enough for, it was kind of used to "show off" that you now can reproduce "photorealistic" buttons and textures. before that being able to show some 16 color icons with a resolution of 32x32px and single color or simple pattern backgrounds were state of the art, and before that monochromatic or text/ascii only interfaces.
it was also considered helpful for new users who didn't have much experience with computer interfaces.
but nowadays kids grow up with touch screens, phones and tablets and have no trouble understanding them, its even easier for them than using a regular computer with mouse and keyboard.
so those real world analogies simply aren't necessary any more and hardware is good enough to do everything from fancy 3d interfaces, ar, flat design with animations or whatever else. so now the design isn't as constrained anymore by hardware limitations and by the idea that people have never used something like this before, but rather grow up with it and learn to use it the same way they learn how to write or to use a knife and a fork.
the bigger focus now will be most likely further improving accessibility and figuring out ways to best present and manage complex data, where probably a lot more automation and machine learning will be used to "preselect" what data and what features are most important and most likely helpful for the users in certain circumstances. the goal now isn't to show as much information as possible, because our lifes are already full of unimportant stuff, but rather mimicking the behavior of the brain which also filters all the input and only makes you aware of what is important right now. so information density is probably further going down to reduce distraction and only the most important things are being shown fitting the current situation and needs.
but who knows what the next design languages/styles will be. maybe it will be like other trends with repeating patterns and skeumorphic design will become trendy again in a few years or a decade or so. or maybe the transformation of personal devices isn't finished yet and something new will come along that will require another change to how interfaces work. maybe "human" interaction will increase with a star trek or iron man like assistant that will fully converse with you, knowing when they can talk to you and when you are busy, so that you don't have to pull out your phone anymore to do stuff actively. they know what you need or want when you need or want it. or maybe smart glasses or smart watches will take over showing you only the most important bits of information. or maybe we will keep phones with big screens.
who knows if our current smartphones are the top of the evolution of personal devices or just an intermediate step until something better comes along.
------
loki is set in his ways. part of it is because he escaped for 3 years when we moved and got lost. he's literally like a disney story.
we were forced to leave with little notice when the landlord turned out to not be payimg the mortgage with out rent and suddenly we were being foreclosed on. we couldn't find him when we moved and i was devastated. i never thought i'd see him again. we moved back into the area and heard about a big gray tom cat who ruled the strip in the lakesid town 5 minutes away from us that we had moved out of 3 years earlier and we couldn't believe it could be him. he was so prone to infections when he got cuts. there was no way he survived 3 years alone.
sure as shit, a friend got a picture and what the hell, it's him. the greedy little charmer prowled the busy strip of restaurants and bars and the gas station getting fed at all of them and let into the backs of kitchens. people at the gas station would buy him a can of food and feed him. one cat lovinf restaurant owner even ran in front of a damn truck to save him once. she always fed him warm milk and chicken. he was living it up. but no one could pick him up or pet him too much.
so we started asking after him and the lady who saved him agreed to help us. gave her our number and said she wouls trap him next time he showed up. took several days and we were out canvassing for him. 6 am one morning she calls and hes there, she lured him into the bathroom to hold him for me. we raced down and burst in and i called his name and he climbed me. the poor lady cried she was so happy.
we got him home, got him neutered. and he has reverted to full indoor kittenhood. he snores, he drools, he clings tp me. and ia suspect starvation a d being fed from the restaurants spurred his insatiable craving for people food.
the best part is that we know for a fact he fathered a bunch of kittens...including one unfortunate incidemt where he got insomeones house and impregnated a papered pure bred rag doll....
bht more importantly, i'm 100% positive that my foundling stray ash is related. his age is about right to be 1st, 2nd or 3rd generation from loki (can't gauge his age too closely just roughly), he looks and is built physically just like him. but their mannerisms are eerily similar. and we kow that ash was a house cat as he came inside and used a litter pan so its not unlikely someone adopted a stray kitten in the area 5 minutes away and then ash got dumped nearer to us later (which makes me mad but he's mine now). ash also treats loki differently. it's weird. there's something there. it feels weirdly like, knowing that loki is getting older now, another little piece of him has walked into my life who will outlast him.
------
>"the baby in the womb is a human being and human rigths shouldnt be judge subjectively"
>
>debatable point but i'm willing to concede it for the sake of the conversation because i find it to be ultimately irrelevant.
so just to confirm your position is that the fetus is a human being(for sake of the argument) ,but since its found itself inside somebody elsebody ,and that somebody doesnt want the fetus in her body ,it must be taken out and the solution for now always lead to death of the fetus.
> i'm pretty sure it fits the definition of invasive quite well. it is still using her body without her permission to survive. it doesn't matter how it got there, it matters what it's doing. it doesn't matter if it's a product of sex, artificial insemination, or invitro fertilization. her body is still being used to sustain the life of another and she has the right to deny that use.
i get that you are saying that if the woman feels her rigths are being threaten we should look into it and she has the rigth to protect herself.
no, the fetus its not invasive its not using her body without permission to survive, along the whole process the fetus
is powerless is completely guided,protected and feed by mothers body,her bodily autonomy is not injeopardy.
example
.the moving of the embryo from fallopian tube to the uterus ,this is done by the mother's body
\-the creation of an new organ the placenta(to be more specific the "[decidua](<url>)") ment to ensure the fetus life ,the way this organ works proves that the baby is not forcing itself on the woman's ,or takings its autonomy to act.
\-miscarriages or "spontaneous abortion" ,is when a fetus has structural or the wrong number of chromosomes
\-the hormones that the woman body produce to create milk in order to ensure development of the baby post-birth
what i want to prove with this points is that the autonomaly of the body is not compromised by the baby ,the mothers body takes the iniciative always and influences the babys body not otherwise.it doesnt need her express permition it was once part of her(ovaries) and then her body cares for the fetus.even if she wants to deny the use of her body to the fetus she cant ,her body will continue to sustain its life as long as it can.
i get that you are saying that if the woman feels her rigths are being threaten we should look into it and she has the rigth to protect herself.but since were are talking about 2 human lives here ,and we can see that the body of the woman goes through great lengths to protect and foment the growth of the baby ,we shouldnt have killing on the table.
if the baby ought to pay for its crime against the woman then he can pay after but it shouldnt die ,specially when we know that his violation will be temporal.
> i think one of the other responders brought up having sex. even if you say yes in the beginning, you have every right to change your mind 5 minutes in. if the other person doesn't stop, they are now violating your bodily autonomy and have committed rape.
there are decisions where even if you change your mind ,you cannot go back,like for example the taking of a drug or participating in a experiment ,you may change your mid after the fact but the effects of the drugs will happen no matter what .same with the topic of conception even if we considered the baby violating the woman rigths he's not doing it conscientiously,we cannot punish him for it. the topic of resenting concent really goes in by case basis and context.
>this is equating how i see morality throughout time versus how morality has always been seen throughout time. if i view murder to be immoral, murder should always be seen as immoral regardless of the time period i look at. this doesn't mean that if i see murder to be immoral that society sees, or has always seen, murder to be immoral.
yes ,is about how you see morality ,because your arguments and thinking are influence by it ,i need to know where you stand morally ,because the conversation is with you.it doesnt matter if other people think differently ,if our morality depends on others then our morality would be arbitrary ,no different from a man claiming that god told him revelations about truth and how mankind should live.
theres is also a big debate weather morality is subjective or objective,but i am far from sure on that topic.
\--i realize that this post is long so if you want you can only answer this final question.no need to respond to the other stuff
> "we also have to ask what are the most common reasons for a woman to desire the baby no to be born ,is it because she feel that her rigths are being violated and it bothers her ,or is it for societal reasons(ex:fianancial reasons) "
>
>no we don't. "why" has nothing to do with our ability to determine if a person should be forced to used her body against her will in order to sustain the life of another.
if the problem is about the fetus violating her natural rigths by living in her body without her express consent ,and to protect her we need to provide and abortion.what do you make about selective reduction ,the case in which a woman has more than 1 baby in her body .
[<url>](<url>)
selective reduction allows the abortion provider to target 1 of the babies without killing the others ,thus allowing them to live. here si why a talked about reasons if she decides to kill only one of the babies is not beacuse of her rigth "bodily integrity" if that were to be the reasons she would kill all of them,she decides to kill only one is most probably because of cocnerns about the future of childraisin and what it entails.
if a woman in multifetal pregnancy decides to abort only 1 of the babies can she use the excuse of "bodily integrety"?is it that no all "fetuses" violated her rigths equally ,or should we prohib selective reduction because if one of the multifetal fetuses violates the woman rigths then all of them do?should we kill all of them regarless of the woman wanting to keep one?
------
the problem is not the fact that there is a coc. the problem is the fact that the coc in question applies to comments made outside the scope of the project. in particular, the author of the coc tried to get a developer removed from the opal project because of comments they made elsewhere. if the comments had been made in a github issue, on an official mailing list, or in any other way relating to the opal project, then i would agree that it would be inappropriate and the developer should face consequences. but this was a totally unrelated comment thread on twitter.
as for where in the coc it stipulates that your behavior is evaluated everywhere, i defer to [paul m. jones of the php project](<url>)
>ehmke thinks of open source as a political arena. as such, one must read the contributor covenant as a political document, with political means and political ends. specifically, it is a tool for social justice.
>as a tool for social justice, it recognizes no boundaries between project, person, and politics. this attitude is written into the contributor covenant with the text, "this code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community." so, when is a project participant not representing the project? the answer appears to be "never."
and this isn't the first time it's happen. the awesome-django project had [an issue](<url>) opened with the following content:
>great project!! i have one observation and a suggestion. i noticed you have rejected some pull requests to add some good django libraries and that the people submitting those pull requests are pocs (people of colour). as a suggestion i recommend adopting the contributor code of conduct (<url>) to ensure everybody's contributions are accepted regarless of their sex, sexual orientation, skin color, religion, height, place of origin, etc, etc, etc. as a white straight male and lead of this trending repository, your adoption of this code of conduct will send a loud and clear message that inclusion is a primary objective of the django community and of the software development community in general. d.
when the response was "the pull request was rejected not the person, [and by the way] i'm not white," the follow up was this
>you are a member of the django software foundation and are supposed to be setting the example. i will be forwarding the content of this issue to the chair to evaluate your continued presence in the dsf. best regards.
cocs should be about conduct as it relates to the project. not as it relates to random discourse on unrelated sites. a coc is a good thing. the spefic coc that linux has chosen to move forward with is dangerous.
------
measuring intelligence by how well a person does on any one specific task doesn't work very well, since lots of factors besides intelligence will determine their performance. we measure intelligence by testing people on a lot of different types of problems ( verbal comprehension / reasoning, logic, mathematical reasoning, spatial reasoning, etc. ), so that we get an overall estimate of their learning / reasoning ability who is less affected by how experienced they are ( or any specific deficits they have ) in any one specific subject. this becomes related to how we know there actually is such a thing as general intelligence : if you take a million people, give them all a test with many different kinds of problems on it, and look at the results, you'll notice something : on average, people who get one kind of question right tend to get other kinds of questions right too. people who are good at spatial reasoning are, on average, better at verbal reasoning ( and so on ) too. the only way to explain that is that there must be some kind of general ability that people have, that is used for all different kinds of mental tasks to some degree. we call that general ability * g *, or " general intelligence. " we could even partially estimate what much of someone's performance on a task is explained by * g *, and generally it's about 50 %. so when it comes to solving difficult problems, your performance is about half due to your intelligence, and about half due to how diligently you work at it, how hard you study, how much relevant knowledge you've collected. note that testing someone's intelligence doesn't directly tell us if they have " smart genes. " from other studies, we know intelligence is about 70 - ish percent genetic, so if someone is especially smart ( or dumb ), all we can see is " it's probably about 70 % due to your genes, and probably about 30 % due just your upbringing / nutrition / education / etc. " just knowing that our intelligence is heavily influenced by genes doesn't tell us which genes. there have been studies that compare the genomes of smart and less smart people, but that kind of thing is way harder than it sounds. sometimes a trait is basically determined by one or two genes, like the color, and it's super easy to figure out which genes. intelligence is not like that. it's more like trying to figure out exactly what causes some states to have higher rates of smoking than others. so many things influence it, and some things might only affect that under certain circumstances... and that's basically what bioinformatics is about.
------
as the other person, a lot of these can't be answered precise, but you can google submarine specs to get what is publicly know.
what do submarines do? mostly they either watch (or listen) for other things, recon and observations.
for the depths, submarines have a few of them. actually numbers are classified, but your generally talking hundreds of feet. a sub experiences 14psi of pressure every 30 ft it descends, so 300 ft would be 144psi. the furthest a human has ever gone down bare skined is 1000 ft, at 465 psi. the strongest bones break at 1700 psi, so a human sinking that far down turns to mush. design depth, test depth, and crush depth are different classifications of depths for the subs. design depth is how deep a sub can go based on how it was made, this is the most secret of numbers. test depth is normally 2/3 of design, and is considered the safest to go down. crush depth is obviously when a submarine will die. these numbers are usually calculated and rarely tested. ww2 german u boats had a crush depth or 700-900 ft, so you can imagine that newer boats have better numbers.
subs can fight each other, weapons have gotten smarter and so have the technologies. this isn't really a thing that's done, most subs will normally find and track down each other in war games, but torpedoes are bad enough to kill anything, from a sub to an aircraft carrier. the adcap torpedo is the most commonly used weapon in the western world. you can google it to find out more.
for the number of ships, a standard deployment is about 120 people. the reason for so many is due to the need of having constant, 24/7 watch rotations. the submarine is always operating, so someone always has to be awake to watch it. submarines operate on an 6 hour schedule, so every 6 hours someone new is coming onto a watch station. i believe going to 8 hour rotations is a new thing. but the point is, at any given time some 20 odd people have to be on constant watch, with everyone else doing other things at the same time.
i can't really talk to ulf. there's some new research in underwater comms that some college just released, might be worth a good read.
as for vr, i don't know of any plans to implement those kinds of things. sailors do get off hours, and in those times they can play games or ready books. space would be the biggest issue to implmenting true vr, a heads up display might be the closet anyone could get. entertainment is usually up to personal preference. the boat will generally supply a movie system and a library of movies to watch, maybe some gaming consoles and a library of books, but specific entertainment is up to the individual. a lot of game boys are often brought on board.
anything else i can generally answer, let me know. most everything i googled up before writing, so it's definately out there, just gotta know where to look.
------
really? the current hot topic? as if it hasn't been happening for decades, not at least every century. but of course it only counts if it's happening now. why do you think i'm having a go at your announced religion? when did your announce church? are you a baptist? protestant? church of latter day saints? come on now boys, you're just assuming people should know because that's how integrated it is to your society. and how wasn't i on topic? stop twisting things to fit your views. op said something that has been proven and you having another go at him for it, i pulled you up for it because people who don't like a truth get at the people saying it. what the hell topic did you think we were on? treading on naysayers? > you wanted to make an off topic joke targeted specifically at the worst part of my faith. indoctrination of children, policies against gay people, integration into government, cherry - picking verses to push specific agendas, belief you are higher than others instead or separate, using it to lend credence to violence, belief that clergymen are beyond reproach leading them to take advantage of their position. though to me the first is the worst, as it is teaching children as though it is fact and not letting them decide for themselves. > had you wanted to make a true joke ; you'd have picked something related to the topic. not the hot - button issue that's plaguing the church. really? again, what topic? plus, it isn't a hotbutton issue, it's been going on for at least 40 years if my memory serves me. > you wanted to make it about this merely cause you saw the word " catholic ". that was never discussed so i have no idea where you saw that, apart from an ill - gotten desire to assume the world is against the biggest corporate religion ever. > so if you wanna discuss it that's a - ok lad. but discuss it in the appropriate areas instead of trying to dig into someone just because they mentioned their religion. it's quite sad that you just keep on mentioning that, as if you ever made mention of a religion even once. i forget, church of england? why on earth do you keep brining this up as though you think your religion is persecuted in some way? just accept your religion has dirty laundry and move on, no need to jibe people who bring it up, because it needs bringing up. just accept that people will bring it up so the world can stay vigilant and stay calm in the fact you will always have faith in these priests. i mean it's not like they deserve respect because of a title, they can still be terrible people. ehh lad?
------
>going in detail into it would be far too long, but it's personal preference underneath in any case, even with religion.
definitely not personal preference with my religion. it has existed for thousands of years and has parts in it that i would leave out if it was about my personal preference.
>deciding that you're going to follow god's authority is a personal, subjective decision of yours. ultimately it's you who decides that god is worth following, and nothing really stops you from deciding otherwise.
this is true to an extent. my beliefs are deeply engrained in who i am and have been instilled in me by the culture i was raised in. i can't choose not to believe in god any more than you could choose to. that's not how belief works
>you could say "god exists, god wants x, but i simply don't care".
i could say it, but can't control the caring part. i have tried. i have probably read more atheist books than 90% of the population. i have lived as hedonistically as anyone i know, but i could never convince myself i was right in doing so.
>if you're going to bring up the absolute bit, that's a conclusion you reached with your own quite imperfect brain, and it could have been a different one from that.
you'll have to explain this comment for me to properly respond. if you mean that i don't perfectly understand absolute truth then i wholeheartedly agree. if you mean that i reached the conclusion that absolute truth exists, this is true and so did most people, though their opinions on what it is vary wildly.
>well, we do have crime, don't we?
it would be much worse in a nihilistic world. read nietzsche, he articulates this much better than i could.
>but i look at it rather optimistically. law couldn't restrain us all if we really wanted to ignore it, and during the day we get many opportunities to infringe on rules. eg, if people were only restrained from littering by law enforcement, then there are many times and places when we can be sure this won't be a problem. if fear of consequences was all there was to it, cities would be huge dumps of toxic waste.
fear and selfishness restrain us. if the benefit we gain outweighs those our morals go out the window.
> for the life of me i cannot understand how an atheist couldn't see this and view religion at the very least a useful fiction and seek to preserve it.
given the amount of theists in prison, and that heavily atheistic countries do perfectly fine, it just sounds to me like a nice fiction theists like to tell themselves than an actual reality.
i never said that religion makes people perfect, nor that all atheist are murdering rapist. you are probably a better person than me. that doesn't change the fact that i would be much worse if i didn't have my faith, nor does it rule out the possibility that you would be better yet if you shared my faith.
>looking at the world, religion isn't doing much to stop rape and murder.
false
> in fact some very religious places have truly disturbing amounts of those.
true. and those are bad religions and should be abolished.
------
> so why're arguing that a < cur > 50 billion dollar company that generates billions in revenue isn't better off than when musk took over? amazon didn't turn a profit for decades. i'm guessing you're not a businessman. you don't need to be a businessman to understand the difference between revenue and profit. this is why you fail to see how arrogant you sound. while you're at it, go understand what market cap is also. > they didn't work. elon's does. wtf is a space shuttle? they were also other companies that experimented with reusable rockets which landed vertically. it wasn't economically feasible to do and space x still hasn't proven that could be. just because the federal government is giving him money to based on his estimates doesn't mean it works. government do tons of stupid things. > musk didn't start or operate solar city when it was bought out. dumbass. no, but it is run by his cousins and he owned a majority stake. considering the size of his stake was on the board and had a big hand in it. he had to essentially bail out the company would save his stake. > spacex is contracted by nasa. seems like it worked pretty well. the race barely started. they have a long way to go to even match boeing. > musk doesn't make money? he's worth < cur > 20 billion. one of the wealthiest people in the world. you're saying people with big egos don't do what musk does... because they don't want to be worth < cur > 20 billion? this might honestly be the dumbest point you've tried to make. no idea wtf you're saying. i only mentioned that people that are that rich don't do stupid things like he does on twitter and call actual heroes pedophiles. they don't have such egos to even your peabrain could understand that. > ahh ok so this random dumbass redditor that thinks we can be a ceo of a multi billion dollar company is giving his opinion on what " matters. " did you tell all his investors that put in millions into tesla? i think they'd want to hear from a genius like yourself. once again, being rich doesn't make you smart. he recently actions showned that you can still do dumbass things with above intelligence. being rich doesn't give you a pass that you're automatically immune to criticism. no genius needed to understand that. > if you're going to say stupid shit like you could easily do what elon musk has done, than expect people to laugh in your face and ask why you aren't a billionaire yet. quit crying. he honestly hasn't done much except reap benefits for himself while marketing to people like you to worship him. he's one of those salesman who overpromises and underdelivers every time. once again, i know you'll go run back to that he's rich, so he's successful. in your mind, which means he's better than you. if you look at his personal life, i am mounds more successful than him. it depends on your measurement. you need to compare things with context. if i compare musk with buffet, musk is a chump. arguments are pretty basic - that most of what he does is purely based on subsizidies provided by taxpayers which he purposely exploits, he always overpromises and undeliveries, takes credit for others work, most of his projects are gimmicks which has are based off old ideas and that he is a broken, petty man which should not be worshipped. oh that and you don't understand the difference between revenue and profit. i repeat for your sake that you do not need to have more money than the person to critcize actual faults. i don't need to be a billionaire. look at musk, he is and he's still a piece of shit with shitty fanboys. maybe one day, he can actual generate a profit without getting kicked out like his previous ventures. with enough money, anyone can build a rocket company - bezos proved that. it's making it profitable that matters and sets it apart.
------
yeah, i was afraid that this would be your next reply. from a debate about the particular semantics of a word, we go to a debate about how the meaning of a word should be determined. i didnt really want to open this can of worms, and still dont, but i guess i am too stubborn to let this go.
you are saying that there is a definite meaning of a word. one that is determined by some expert or group of experts. i'm not denying that this makes sense and is a relatively useful way to think about the meaning of words, but it is not how actual language works. in linguistics, it has been widely recognized thst many words have long histories of semantic change, where at one point it meant one thing, and at the next point something else entirely, sometimes even the opposite of the original meaning. even experts have changed the meanings of certain technical terminology throughout the ages.
the fact, on top of this, that the word form (spoken or written) associated with a particular concept is often entirely arbitrary and can vary greatly from speaker to speaker and from language to language, has led most linguists to deny that there is a "correct" usage of a word, despite what you and many other people may think. language is inherently a social phenomenon and can be compared to ethics, where there often isn't a very clear cut objectively "good" way to behave. instead, what is correct or incorrect is in flux. it changes with the properties of our society and even within one society, there can be disagreement with no way to adjucate.
i am not saying that in this particular case, i am right about "the" meaning of socialism, even if there is no such thing. all i'm saying is that even though you might be very right that experts are siding with you when it comes to the "proper" definition of socialism, it is still the case that - as you have said so yourself - there are many people who use socialism in a different sense. and because of the social dynamics of language use and the arbitrariness of language, there is no absolute right or wrong. there is only communication and miscommunication.
now, you can try to keep correcting everyone who uses socialism "wrongly". i applaud you for the effort and wish you good luck with that. it will certainly help everyone to communicate better with each other in the future.
but it will probably take you a very very long time and i believe it might be much more efficient and pleasant for everyone involved if we would only correct each other when there is a purpose and an intention to communicate. since you don't seem to want to add anything to the debate, i would like to thank you for your language lessons today and wish you a good day.
------
